===== 2024 Q4  (2025-03-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc.’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there'll be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon Athletica. Please go ahead.
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Lululemon's fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of Lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. Press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'd like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter call. I'm pleased to be here to discuss our results, which contributed to another year of growth at lululemon, and also speak to our outlook for 2025. On today's call, I'll start with our performance in quarter four, which exceeded the revised guidance we provided in January, and I'll also share some key highlights on our annual performance. Next, I'll provide insights into our product innovation and the strength of our pipeline. I'll then detail our strategies to raise our brand awareness, which remains a significant opportunity for us globally. Meghan will then review our financials and provide our guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2025, then we'll take your questions. So let's get started. In quarter four, total revenue excluding the 53rd week, increased 8% or 9% on a constant currency basis. Operating margin increased 40 basis points to 28.9% and earnings per share increased 16%. In addition, in quarter four, we repurchased $332 million of stock, which brings our total repurchases in 2024 to $1.6 billion, which demonstrates our confidence in the long-term prospects for lululemon. Shifting now to our full year 2024 results. Total revenue was $10.6 billion and excluding week 53, increased by 8% or 9% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin increased 50 basis points to 23.7% and adjusted earnings per share increased 15%. Since 2021, which is the base year of our current Power of Three x2 five year plan, we have grown revenue at a 19% CAGR, increased adjusted operating margin by 170 basis points, and grew adjusted EPS at a CAGR of 23%. This puts us ahead of our targets for all these key metrics as we enter the fourth year of our plan. I want to thank our teams across the enterprise for their ongoing dedication and commitment to our company. If it wasn't for this global collective, we would not be able to deliver these results. I'd now like to spend a few minutes discussing our product and sharing some highlights from our pipeline of innovation. In quarter four, we were happy with our performance across merchandise categories. Outerwear and second layers performed well for both women and men and within accessories, bags continued to be well-received. Overall, we were pleased with the guest response to the newness we brought into our core franchises for the holiday season. Looking at quarter one, we have increased our level of newness on par with the past. We believe this increase, along with a robust pipeline of innovation, will enable us to meet the expectations of our guests, and I'm excited about what the product teams are bringing to market this spring and throughout the year. We started the year strong with the launch of several new innovations. Glow Up is our newest technical franchise for women. Made from a new version of our proprietary Ultralu Fabric, the Glow Up Tight offers a smooth and sculpted fit designed to be used for a variety of training workouts. We also introduced a tank top and intend to expand the line in future seasons. Daydrift is our newest lifestyle trouser for women. Made from our Luxtreme Fabric, this casual pant offers technical features that provide superior comfort and versatility. Initial response has been very strong, and we've been selling out across several sizes and colors. The teams are chasing into it now, and we have several additions planned for later this year. Based on this response and performance, we believe Daydrift will become a new core franchise. And finally, there is BeCalm, the latest addition to our yoga assortment and offers incredible softness, a relaxed fit, and extreme comfort whether on or off the mat. These are just some of the recent product launches, which have been well received by our guests and demonstrate how we continue to innovate and bring newness into our core activities, while also expanding our casual offerings. We're pleased with the positive feedback from guests, which is in line with our expectations and consistent with past successful product launches. And we are excited about our product pipeline, and I'd like to share a few examples. Within shorts, for men, we recently launched a new run franchise called Mile Maker and will soon update license to train to further lean into this franchise opportunity. For women, we'll update Fast & Free with new seasonal styles and colors later this year, and will bring innovation into our Swiftly franchise, including a new run short. We'll introduce a new fabric called LuluLinen, which has the look and feel of linen and also includes some technical performance attributes we are known for. And we're excited about the plans we have in place to celebrate the 10th anniversary of our iconic Align franchise. We recently introduced the Align Palazzo Pant and will expand further with other new bottoms, including a legging with no front seam. Our guests have been asking for this innovation, and we believe this style, along with all the other newness and innovation we are bringing to market will help drive new guest acquisition and increased purchase from existing guests as well. As you can see, our teams have been hard at work solving for the unmet needs of our guests, and we feel good about our product pipeline for 2025. Our unique approach to innovation is grounded in creating technical apparel with wide ranging and adaptable use cases. The strength of our pipeline, along with seasonal updates to our core styles, brings newness into our assortment on a regular basis and helps drive guest loyalty, repeat purchase, and long-term value. I'm pleased with the styles we've launched so far this spring and I'm looking forward to the innovations lined up for the remainder of the year. Shifting now to brand awareness. Our teams have been delivering on our strategy to activate the lululemon brand across several of our markets around the world, particularly in the U.S. We continue to focus on increasing our brand awareness which remains low in nearly every market in which we operate. For example, our unaided brand awareness in France, Germany, and Japan is in single digits. In China Mainland, it's in mid to high-teens. In the UK and Australia, it's in the 20s. And in the U.S., unaided brand awareness is in the 30s. Increasing awareness and consideration is a meaningful opportunity. So I want to share some of the strategies we have in place to help us achieve this goal, including, first, the way we show up in our local communities through brand activations, local events, and with our membership program. Second, how we leverage relationships with our ambassadors, and finally, our global brand campaigns. Let's begin with our local community based activations. These events allow us to engage directly with our guests in unique and exciting ways beyond a simple purchase transaction. Our activations are aimed at building loyalty with existing guests and attracting new guests into the brand. We've hit the ground running in 2025. Our teams have been busy bringing the lululemon brand to life in several of our markets around the world, particularly in the U.S., where our opportunity to grow awareness remains significant. In February, we partnered with the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon in Las Vegas. We showed up in a big way along the strip with pre-race yoga, cheer stations on the course, co-branded product, and a takeover of the sphere. Next, to launch our newest franchise, we opened a Glow Up studio in SoHo, New York, for two weeks across February and March. In addition to a launch party, we hosted a variety of sweat classes for guests, taught by several of our ambassadors, sought after trainers, and local fitness instructors. In London, we celebrated our new collaboration with British fashion designer Saul Nash, with a launch party during London Fashion Week. We also celebrated the opening of our newly optimized Regent Street store with a lululemon takeover of the giant video screens and newsstands in Piccadilly Circus. And beginning in mid-March and finishing this week, we ran Membership Madness. This event included member-only access to in-store events, free classes at studio partners, and the opportunity to win entry to unique experiences we'll host throughout the year. This shows how we are innovating and testing premium ways to connect with our 28 million members and provide them with access to compelling and exclusive experiences. In addition to our activations, we continue to explore and strengthen our relationships with our global ambassadors as we start the year. I'm very excited about the new ambassadors we have introduced to start 2025, including PGA golfer Max Homa, professional tennis player Frances Tiafoe, and Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton. This elevated roster of ambassadors helps us connect with more guests, both existing and new, in market across the globe. In quarter one, we showed how we can leverage these relationships in many ways, including activations and expressions of fans support at the Phoenix Open Golf Tournament, Indian Wells Tennis Tournament, and Formula One races in both Melbourne and Shanghai. These are great examples of how we support our athletes as they compete, grow lululemon's credibility and awareness across our growth activities, and allow our local teams to create fun and unique activations for our guests. In addition, these events, along with the high level of activations in this period, contributed to very strong reach and guest engagement in our own social channels to start quarter one. While our grassroots brand building strategies remain very important to us, we use global campaigns to reinforce our brand positioning and bring new guests into lululemon. We recently launched our new brand platform Live Like You Are Alive with a campaign featuring 78-year-old fitness influencer Joan MacDonald. We'll use Live Like You Are Alive as a foundation for our messaging and will bring new creative into the narrative throughout the year. Upcoming chapters include the celebration of Align's 10-year anniversary in quarter two and a Run Focus campaign later in the year. Let me now spend a few moments on our U.S. business and share my perspective as we head into 2025. As I have shared before, the missed opportunity from last year was the level of newness across our merchandise mix. The teams worked with our vendors, chased into what was possible, and improved the penetration of newness in the second half of 2024. These efforts contributed to a stabilization in the U.S. business as the guests responded well to many of the updates we brought into the assortment. I would also note that importantly, our new guest acquisition and retention metrics remain strong, and our opportunity is to drive increased revenue per guest as we continue to bring newness and innovation into the mix. As you have seen, we started this year with several compelling new product launches, but we also believe the dynamic macro environment has contributed to a more cautious consumer. In fact, based on a survey we conducted earlier this month in conjunction with Ipsos, consumers are spending less due to increased concerns about inflation and the economy. This is manifesting itself into slower traffic across the industry in the U.S. in quarter one, which we are experiencing in our business as well. However, we see guests who visit us responding to the newness and innovations we brought into our assortment. We believe this is a positive indication, as we continue to flow new product, engage with our guests through unique and compelling activations, and launch brand campaigns. We are controlling what we can control, and we expect to see modest growth in U.S. revenue for the full year of 2025. Before handing it over to Meghan, I'd like to highlight our square footage growth plans for 2025. Stores remain an important part of our growth story. Not only are they highly productive, but they are also hubs in our local communities and allow us to engage directly with our guests, which provides us with another important competitive advantage. In 2025, we plan to grow square footage by approximately 10%, which will be driven by new store openings and our ongoing optimization program. We will continue to open stores in existing markets and enter several new countries this year, including Italy, as a new company operated market and Denmark, Belgium, Turkey, and the Czech Republic under our franchise model. In terms of our optimization strategy, a recent and compelling example can be seen in London with the relocation and expansion of our Regent Street store. This store which now spans 14,000 square feet, offers the largest pant wall and men's assortment in Europe. As a destination for both residents and tourists, our new store offers a pinnacle expression of our brand, and we expect it will continue to help us attract new guests into lululemon from the UK and across Europe. We have much to be excited about in 2025. However, as you're aware, the external environment remains dynamic and there continues to be considerable uncertainty driven by macro and geopolitical circumstances. That being said, we remain focused on what we can control. We've had a busy start to this year with product launches and event activations, and I feel confident with our plans for the remainder of the year. Meghan, over to you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. We delivered Q4 results that exceeded our January guidance update as we saw strength across the key components of the P&L, including sales, gross margin, and SG&A. These results contributed to another year of solid performance while acknowledging product opportunities we've discussed in our U.S. business. Key highlights in 2024 include revenue growth of 9%, excluding the 53rd week and in constant dollars, adjusted operating margin expansion of 50 basis points, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 15%. I'm proud we were able to deliver these strong results while continuing to invest in our strategic initiatives, including building brand awareness through our activations and brand campaigns, growing square footage 14%, and returning $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases. Looking at 2025, we are pleased with both the level and composition of our inventory as we enter the spring season, and we are seeing good guest response to newness and innovation we brought into our assortment. However, we also acknowledge the uncertainty in the retail environment as the consumer is navigating a dynamic macro environment. While we expect both top and bottom line growth for the year, we continue to be thoughtful in our planning. I'll take you through our guidance in a moment, but let me now share the financial details of Q4. For Q4, total net revenue rose 13% or 14% in constant currency to $3.6 billion. Excluding the 53rd week, net revenue increased 8% or 9% in constant currency, and constant dollar comparable sales increased 4%. Within our regions, excluding the 53rd week, results were as follows: Americas revenue increased 2% or 3% in constant currency with comparable sales flat. By country, revenue increased 11% in constant currency in Canada and increased 1% in the U.S. China Mainland revenue increased 38% or 39% in constant currency with comparable sales increasing 27%. And in the Rest of World, revenue grew by 22% or 26% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing by 17%. In our store channel, total sales increased 13% on a constant dollar basis, excluding the 53rd week, and we ended the quarter with 767 stores globally. Square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 56 net new lululemon stores since Q4 of 2023. During the quarter, we opened 18 net new stores and completed 16 optimizations. In our digital channel, revenue increased 8% and 4% excluding the 53rd week and contributed $1.8 billion of top-line or 50% of total revenue. And by category, excluding the 53rd week, men's revenue increased 12% versus last year, while women's increased 6% and accessories and other grew 9%. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $2.2 billion or 60.4% of net revenue compared to gross margin of 59.4% in Q4 2023. The gross profit rate in Q4 increased 100 basis points ahead of our guidance and was driven primarily by the following. A 160 basis points increase in product margin driven predominantly by lower product costs, lower markdowns, and improved shrink, offset somewhat by higher air freight, 30 basis points negative impact from foreign exchange, and 30 basis points of net deleverage on fixed costs. Relative to our guidance, which was for a gross margin increase of approximately 30 basis points, the upside was driven predominantly by leverage associated with higher top-line, prudent management of fixed expenses within gross margin, and foreign exchange. Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $1.1 billion or 31.5% of net revenue compared to 30.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. SG&A was better than our guidance of 80 basis points to 90 basis points of leverage due to higher top-line and foreign exchange. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $1 billion or 28.9% of net revenue compared to operating margin of 28.5% in Q4 2023. Tax expense for the quarter was $309 million or 29.2% of pre-tax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 28.1% a year ago. The increase in tax rate relative to last year is due to a decrease in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, an increase in non-deductible expenses, and an increase in profits outside of the U.S. Net income for the quarter was $748 million or $6.14 per diluted share compared to EPS of $5.29 for the fourth quarter of 2023. Capital expenditures were $235 million for the quarter compared to $207 million for the fourth quarter last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth, including our multi-year distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, and technology investments. Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory increased 9%, slightly lower than our guidance for an increase in the low-double-digits. We repurchased 938,000 shares in Q4 at an average price of $354. For the full year, we repurchased approximately $1.6 billion of stock. Share repurchases remain our preferred method to return cash to shareholders, and we currently have approximately $1.3 billion remaining on our repurchase program. Let me now share our detailed guidance outlook for full year 2025. We expect revenue to be in the range of $11.15 billion to $11.3 billion. This range represents growth of 5% to 7% relative to 2024. Excluding the 53rd week that we had in the fourth quarter of last year, we expect revenue to grow 7% to 8%. And as Calvin said, we expect revenue growth in the U.S. to be modestly positive for the year. I'd also note that we expect foreign exchange to have a negative 1 percentage point impact on our revenue growth rate for the year. We expect to open 40 to 45 net new company-operated stores in 2025 and complete approximately 40 optimizations. We expect overall square footage growth of approximately 10%. Our new store openings in 2025 will include approximately 10 to 15 stores in the Americas, with the rest of our openings planned in our international markets, the majority of which will be in China. For the full year, we expect gross margins to decrease approximately 60 basis points versus 2024. We expect the decrease will be driven by deleverage on fixed costs, FX headwinds, and the impact of increased tariffs related to China and Mexico. For the full year, we expect markdowns to be relatively in line with 2024. Turning to SG&A for the full year. We expect deleverage of approximately 40 basis points to 50 basis points versus 2024, driven by ongoing investments into our Power of Three x2 roadmap and FX headwinds. For the full year, we are planning investments in marketing and brand-building aimed at increasing our awareness in acquiring new guests, investments to support our international growth and market expansion, and continued investment in technology and data analytics capabilities. When looking at operating margin for the full year 2025, we expect a decrease of approximately 100 basis points versus 2024. While we remain thoughtful as we plan expenses, we also continue to invest in our strategic roadmap to enable future growth. As I mentioned, we are seeing headwinds from foreign exchange and tariffs, while also absorbing some additional costs relative to last year as we layer back in certain expenses, including store labor hours, travel, and incentive comp. I would note that between 2021 and 2024, our operating margin increased 170 basis points, which is greater than our Power of Three x2 target of modest operating margin expansion annually. For the full year 2025, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. For the fiscal year 2025, we expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $14.95 to $15.15 versus EPS of $14.64 in 2024. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases but does include the impact of our repurchases year-to-date. I would also note that FX pressure relative to last year is a $0.30 to $0.35 drag on EPS in 2025. When looking in inventory, we expect dollar inventory to increase in the high teens in Q1 as we anniversary last year's declines. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $740 million to $760 million in 2025. This spend relates to investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multi-year distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, and technology investments. Shifting now to Q1. We expect revenue in the range of $2.335 billion to $2.355 billion, representing growth of 6% to 7%. The growth rate in Q1 is being negatively impacted by 1 percentage point related to foreign exchange. We expect to open three net new company-operated stores in Q1. We expect gross margin in Q1 to be approximately flat with Q1 2024. We expect a modest improvement in product margin, offset primarily by deleverage on fixed costs. Markdowns are planned to be relatively flat with last year. In Q1, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by approximately 120 basis points relative to Q1 2024. This will be driven predominantly by increased foundational investments and related depreciation and also strategic investments, including those to build brand awareness to support future growth. When looking at operating margin for Q1, we expect deleverage of approximately 120 basis points. Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $2.53 to $2.58 versus EPS of $2.54 a year ago. Our EPS guidance for the quarter includes approximately $0.06 of incremental negative impact from foreign exchange. We expect our effective tax rate in Q1 to be approximately 30%. And with that, I will turn it back over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thank you for your time today. I am pleased with how we closed out 2024, delivering results that demonstrate our leadership, agility, and potential for growth. And I am proud of how we have started the year with new product innovations, collaborations, and a steady drumbeat of brand and community activations around the world. This energy will propel us forward as we navigate the current economic and political uncertainty, especially in the U.S. We will control what we can control, we will focus on continuing to deliver the high level of newness and product innovations our guest expects from lululemon. I continue to feel confident in our Power of Three x2 strategy and our people who will continue to excite and engage with our guests and drive us forward in 2025 and beyond. We'll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Thanks so much and congrats on a great quarter. I just wanted to focus, Calvin, on the modest U.S. revenue growth you're expecting for the year. Can you just elaborate a little bit around how you define modest, and should that be consistent throughout the year or any difference in cadence by quarter? And then just how you really arrive at that as the right level from here? Thanks a lot.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. I'll take the first and then I'll pass it over to Meghan to go specifically into breaking down the growth number for you. But as I sort of shared in Q4, consistent with what we saw throughout the year, our guests responded well to the newness that we offered through our assortment, and our business continued to sequentially get stronger on the back of that newness. And as we transitioned into Q1, our newness is back to being on par where it's been in the past as we indicated we would be and the guest has responded very well to a number of new product launches that I'm excited about can continue to build into future franchises from Glow Up, Daydrift, Be Calm, Shake It Out, as well as what lies ahead in our pipeline, which is very strong. And I shared just a few of those with you with the 10th year anniversary for a line coming up building on the Palazzo pant that she has responded incredibly well to as well as offering a no front seam legging, which we know our guests have been asking and to offer that within the Align franchise as an opportunity to celebrate the 10th anniversary. We're excited about that as a means for our high-value guests as well as new guests to acquire and bring in. That being said, we are operating within a dynamic macro environment that's really contributed to a cautious consumer, where we've seen material impact to traffic across the industry. While we've experienced some of these traffic trends, the guest who is visiting has responded very well to our newness in innovation. When we look at UPT, average order size, both of these are positive. So the guests coming in are responding to the newness. They're buying more, and it's having an impact. So those are very good indicators. And as we continue to flow the positive newness that we see throughout the year. As well as the activations, I want to touch on North America, in particular, in the U.S., we've started the year with a fantastic rhythm and cadence of very unique community-based activations. So overall, there's a very good energy across the teams in the business, and the guests are responding very well to product and we're controlling and focused on what we can control. And I think we're well-positioned as these macro challenges soften moving forward. But I'll allow Meghan to just sort of put a little bit of color to the numbers as well.
Meghan Frank: Great. Hi, Alex. So in terms of the U.S., we are offering color on North America growing in the low-single-digit to mid-single-digit range for the full year, the U.S. on the lower end of that, and Canada higher. And we're not breaking down the quarters. But what I would share is in terms of Q1, it's not trending materially differently than Q4. As Calvin mentioned, we did come into the quarter and saw a decline in traffic -- macro traffic that's impacting us as well. And we're also seeing some really positive performance in terms of newness, which we believe positions us well as that traffic environment improves. I will also note that the decline was more pronounced last year in the U.S. in Q2. So we're up against our largest growth rate in '24 in Q1.
Alex Straton: Thanks so much. Good luck.
Operator: The next question is from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Calvin, I was hoping you could elaborate on your marketing strategy from here. Are you seeing the response that you're hoping to get as you build into some of these additional customer acquisition vehicles, such as Membership Madness Week? And then can you speak to what that's driving in terms of consumer acquisition and retention, specifically in the U.S.? Thank you.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. Overall, how we've started this year in the energy and really focusing in on and activating larger activations, community-based events, I'm very encouraged with the results that we're seeing. A lot of those are geared to both acquire new guests as well as drive loyalty and help in our retention and love for the brand with our high-value guests. Across all of the ones that we've started and I shared a few of those, the fun activations, celebrating our ambassadors, be it where they compete around the world in Melbourne, in the waste management, Gulf, Indian Wells as a means to activate and then some of the other activations we've done ourselves into the integrated marketing on the back of Glow Up, in the Glow Up Studio in New York. We had thousands of guests register for Membership Madness. We have over 15,000 guests that have signed up for community-based sweat activations with our partners around North America, heavily in the U.S. We have waiting lists of over 1,000 for some of these activations in our communities. These are incredibly strong, rich engagement numbers. And we see through those equally a number of new guests. And that to me is one of the very unique aspects of our brand, when I talk about our moat and what makes us unique. The ability to activate a campaign integrated across our community, our ambassadors and bring to life is something we definitely see great value in, plan to do even more of this year than last year. And I think you're just getting a flavor for what that looks like. If you think of the first eight weeks of this year to start and the pace of those activations, and the -- as I said, the engagement has been very strong. And then obviously, socially as well, the -- both earned media as well as the halo we get from those. And that leads to getting into that I need a brand awareness. So you're going to see more of that. We think it's a unique approach, and we do it very strongly across our communities and allows for our stores, our ambassadors to be involved. It's unique and it's having an impact on both retention and acquisition. So I'm very pleased with how we've started this year. I think the energy and the cadence is very strong, stronger than we've done in I think, a number of years, and really feels that we're on the offense in this market, and guests are responding well, and the newness they're responding well to. And as Meghan said, we're focused on what we control and set up well for the rest of the year as the macro challenges soften, and if they do.
Brooke Roach: Great. And then for Meghan, can you elaborate on the plans that you have embedded in your guidance for tariffs this year? If tariffs were to widen to a broader set of geographies, what are your mitigation strategies right now? And what is the quantification of the current tariff impact under the -- under what you're seeing today?
Meghan Frank: Yeah. Absolutely. So in terms of tariffs, we've got approximately 20 basis points of a headwind embedded in our guidance, which is reflective of current actions on China and Mexico imports. Closely monitoring the environment. We'll continue to look across our cost structure as well as to pricing, should the environment change. So definitely keeping a close eye on that.
Brooke Roach: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with the Telsey Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Calvin, as you think about the effectiveness of the marketing and what you're seeing globally? I saw the new store in Tokyo, obviously London also. How are you planning for international go forward? And how do you think of the activations there? And then, Meghan, on the margins, the cadence of margins as we go through 2025, are there any puts and takes of what we should be mindful of? And just lastly, for the first-quarter sales growth guidance, are you currently within those rates now? Thank you.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Dana. I'll take the first part. The activations that you -- that I've referred to in the U.S. is absolutely our go to strategy -- a go-to-market strategy around the globe. And we customize it based on the maturity of the market. Obviously, in the U.S., we have an opportunity to amplify deeper -- with bigger activations in communities in newer markets. We leverage and tap into the store base more and then build the momentum of the size and activate. But the general formula of leveraging local market communities, stores, educators, ambassadors, and there are a number, as you know, around the globe from sweat games in Mainland China to what we did with World Mental Health Day in many markets that were shared, how we're activating around these global competitive events that our ambassadors compete in. We just did a few Formula 1 races in both Shanghai and Australia with Lewis Hamilton being one of our latest ambassadors. Plan to do that across a lot of our activities. So that is absolutely one of our unique go-to-market strategies that I think we do better than most. And stores play a big part of that and how we activate those. And we're early in our optimization strategies and plans. If you look back over the last year, but even just last few quarters, we've optimized a store in Melbourne, 11,000 square feet, and it's performing incredibly well. You mentioned the store in Tokyo. We have exciting plans planned for Tokyo. See, Japan is a big growth market for us. We have an exciting plan and opportunity in South Korea and Regent Street that just opened, that's performing very well with an incredible activation, both on the back of Saul Nash and Fashion Week as well as the activations the store teams did. So that is a big part of how we go and activate and you're going to see more of that as well as these optimizations that continue to perform well and both acquire a local guest as well as welcome a global tourist guest into the brand that we acquire as well as they travel wanting to come in and see the brand and the products. So excited about the momentum in both internationally as well as in North America.
Meghan Frank: Great. And I'll take the margin piece. So in terms of op margin, we are guiding to a 100 basis points decline for the year. At the highest level, I just call out FX and tariff headwinds are a little bit over 50% of that decline in op margin. Then we've got some investments in the business to add back some of the expense areas we pulled out in '24. So I would view those three buckets as incremental headwinds unique to this year. And then we also are continued to invest into our Power of Three x2 roadmap with our confidence on the long-term. And in terms of quarters, we've got a little bit more pressure as we called out in terms of Q1. It's also related to Q1 being our highest revenue growth rate in '24. So we've got 120 basis points decline in op margin there. Pretty similar story in terms of SG&A, so 120 basis points deleverage in Q1 and then 40 basis points to 50 basis points for the year. So I think that's the color I'd offer there. And then you also had a question, Dana, on quarter-to-date trends. We're not breaking out specifics on quarter-to-date trend but I would share we're about 50% through the quarter and looking at current trend of business and mindful of the environment, we did guide to 6% to 7% growth for the quarter with one point also of an FX headwind embedded in that.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good afternoon. Have you included any improvement from the choppy first quarter traffic performance in North America in the full year guidance? And are there ways to be more aggressive on some of these marketing activations to drive stronger traffic as we move through the year?
Meghan Frank: Hi, Lorraine. I would say our balance of year outlook reflects similar trends to Q1 at this point in time. I'll let Calvin chime in on marketing.
Calvin McDonald: Yeah. And I think the -- we're always testing and learning and looking for ways to continue to invest within the parameters of our guidance to add to marketing. And I think I'm very pleased with the current response from our guests. Excited about the campaigns coming. As I mentioned, the Align 10th year anniversary will be a large activation around the globe, supported with a lot of product -- new product and ways that I think will engage both with new guests as well as our high-value guests and reasons to update their Align wardrobe. So we always look for ways to keep leaning in and investing. And as I mentioned, the cadence and rhythm to start this year has been definitely on the offense, and I'm pleased with the results and those results around the globe and we're going to continue to be on offense and support the product and the pipeline of newness that's coming and with our guests.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So, Calvin, could you elaborate on sales metrics in the U.S. as you've introduced recent newness? Just your confidence in this year's product pipeline, with first quarter-to-date sales trends unchanged relative to the fourth quarter, despite the softening macro that I know you cited. And then, Meghan, just your comfort with content and composition of inventory today, and what have you been -- what have you embedded for markdowns in the gross margin guide?
Meghan Frank: Hey, Matt. So in terms of sales in the U.S., so we did come into the quarter and saw a negative traffic trend industry-wide, which is impacting us. Similar conversion, I'd say, to what we experienced in Q4, and then we've seen an improvement in AOV and specifically UPTs, really a reaction to the newness in our assortment. And again, feel that positions us well for when traffic rebounds. So Q1 trends for the U.S. not materially different than Q4. And then in terms of inventory, I'm pleased with the level and composition of the inventory. We offered some color on high-teens growth, and it's really related to just the cadence of our inventory as we move through this year, being in a good in-stock position in core, bringing in newness, and we also are expecting flat markdowns for both Q1 and the full-year at this point in time.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question is from Janine Stichter with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Question for Meghan. I was hoping you could just elaborate a bit on your SG&A philosophy. With the guidance you gave for deleverage of 40 basis points to 50 basis points this year, if we see better sales, would we expect it to still be in that range or would you put more into SG&A or on the flip side, if we have sales come in weaker, maybe just elaborate on some of the areas where you might have some flex? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thank you. So as I mentioned, we do have a headwind in FX for the year and in terms of how that impacts SG&A, it's about half of the 40 basis points FX headwind, so 20 basis points impacting SG&A. And then also, as I mentioned, we are still investing behind our Power of Three x2 roadmap. So, continuing to support our international strategy, our store expansion strategy across the globe, marketing and brand, as Calvin mentioned, and going after that unaided brand awareness piece. And then another one I'd mentioned was just tech in terms of foundational investments in data analytics. I think it will depend on the environment and the business dynamics in terms of where SG&A moves with either increasing or decreasing sales. We always have contingencies across the business, both on the upside and downside and will depend on the momentum we're seeing in the business and the current environment in terms of how we approach that.
Janine Stichter: Great. Thanks so much.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you so much. So Meghan, talking about the Americas versus international growth, you talked about a kind of low-to mid-single-digit outlook for the Americas. That would put international growth quite a bit lower than what you did in 2024. Can you give some color around where you may be seeing a slowdown internationally? Are there particular markets, and what gives you -- what your assumption is coming from? And then a quick follow-up on your levels of investments. You talked about foundational investments, strategic investments, marketing. Can you talk about how flexible the cost base is to the downside in the event of a tougher macro scenario? What would margin progression look like? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Yeah. So in terms of revenue by geography, as I said, we're offering color on Americas low-single digit to mid-single digit for the year and China 25% to 30%, Rest of World approximately 20%. So we're being thoughtful in our planning, looking at current trends of the business and the forward outlook in terms of the environment. So a little bit below what's embedded in our five-year CAGR, but we remain ahead of schedule and really pleased and committed to that long-term target there. And then in terms of flex across the P&L, as I just mentioned, we do have a number of contingency levers dependent on business outlook. At this point in time, I would say we remain really focused on the long-term and driving into our long-term opportunity while navigating some near-term headwinds, particularly with FX and tariffs.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our question here. So, Meghan, you started the year guiding gross margin flat and finished up 65 basis points. In the U.S., slowed from where you thought it was going to be in the year. Can you just help -- I know you offered some comments on 4Q, but when you look at the year in total, what went different than you thought earlier in the year? And I'm curious where, as you look at 2025, do those occupant conservatism still exist, or where do you see conservatism in the guidance for the year, both in gross margin again as well as in sales and SG&A?
Meghan Frank: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. So I would say in terms of what played out differently, top-line, I think we saw a little bit of an outperformance as we moved to close out the year, which would provide a little bit of leverage in terms of gross margin. We also mixed a little bit differently by category and saw an IMU benefit from that, as well as some reduced freight rates impacting our gross margin in '24. So believe we're well-positioned in our guidance in terms of '25. The mix of business could come out different there as well as the top-line outlook could impact our leverage point. But I would say at this point in time, our current view on mix of business and revenue outlook is embedded in our guidance color.
Michael Binetti: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Meghan, it looks like marketing went up to about 5% of sales this year. It's still below some of your bigger peers. I think it's up about 50 basis points year-over-year. How do you think about marketing within fiscal '25 and also long-term? Is this something, given all the activations that Calvin talked to earlier, that you could flex up to drive faster sales in the Americas?
Meghan Frank: Yeah. So marketing was an area where we navigated last year and some of the challenges we had with newness and looked across our P&L investments, we maintained our investment in marketing, and we did see our penetration of sales tick up a little bit to that 5% range. That's what we're expecting as we move into '25. It is definitely an area we were closely monitoring. We've got a lot of excitement in terms of product newness and marketing activations as we move throughout this year. So dependent on business trend, it's an area we would look to flex if that's appropriate.
John Kernan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. On the traffic slowdown, I think you specifically mentioned the U.S., but can you talk about what you saw in the other regions, including Canada, including China, international, or Rest of World? And anything within the U.S. that you could call out regionally. Obviously, there's been some unfavorable weather in the first quarter. Curious if you're seeing any impact from that. Thanks.
Meghan Frank: Yeah. So in terms of traffic, I would say the notable trend we saw was that shift in the U.S., nothing materially different in terms of either Canada or the international markets. I would call out just the difference in Lunar New Year timing, the shift in the timing this year does have a little bit of a headwind on Q1 in terms of our China trends in overall international. And then in terms of U.S. regional, we aren't seeing any meaningful differences regionally, and in terms of weather, I would say, really focus on what we can control.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks. Good luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just to keep going with the U.S. and is what you're seeing more broad-based? Is it more on the women's side, more on the men's side? Just kind of curious what you see there. And then given, Calvin, your talk of the innovation and newness flowing through, as the year progresses, it sounds like you're baking in like essentially no improvement in North America trend from here. Shouldn't we be expecting North America -- sorry, I mean the U.S. specifically, to improve as the year progresses, given the merchandise flow that you're speaking to?
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Ike. In terms of difference between the men's and women's business, we haven't seen any material notable change from the fourth quarter which we talked about with women's up 6%, men's up 12%. The big opportunity in missed newness last year was really in our women's business, and we've gone back to at par on that, and she has responded, as I mentioned, across some of those metrics I shared, UPT, average order size. So I think that is definitely a positive for us, and being back in a traditional mix of newness and innovation across the assortment for her. We are seeing good results to that. And I'll let Meghan reference the second part.
Meghan Frank: Yeah. So we are guiding 6% to 7% in Q1 and then 7% to 8% for the full year. The Americas came in at 3% growth for '24, and we offered color low-single digit to mid-single digit. So I would say that range captures potential uptick there, but being thoughtful in terms of how we're planning the business given some of the uncertainty this year.
Ike Boruchow: Fair enough.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Would it be possible to clarify on the square footage growth? How much square footage growth you're planning for the U.S. this year? And also, how much square footage growth you're planning for China? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: We're not breaking out the specifics on square footage growth, but what I can offer is we've got 40 to 45 net new openings for the year, square footage growth of 10%, which is in line with our Power of Three x2 target of low-double-digits. North America is about 10 to 15 openings. Within that the balance is international. The majority of those would sit in China, and we'll continue to keep you updated as we move throughout the year.
Jay Sole: Got it. And then on some of the store adds -- the store adds happening in the U.S., are you upsizing stores in the U.S. this year?
Meghan Frank: Yeah. We continue to pursue our optimization strategy. So we had a total of globally 39 optimizations in 2024, and we're currently planning 40 for 2025 globally.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you so much.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-12-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Third Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there'll be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon. Please go ahead.
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for one hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Howard. I'm happy to be here today to discuss our quarter three results, which exceeded our expectations as well as our outlook for the holiday season in the fourth quarter overall. On today's call, I'll start with some highlights from Thanksgiving and Black Friday weekend. I'll then, discuss our quarter three performance, beginning with North America, and the progress we are making in our US business. Next, I'll share insights on our international business where momentum remains very strong. Then, I'll speak to product. Meghan will review our financials and guidance outlook, and we will close by taking your questions. So, let's get started. We are pleased with our business over the extended Thanksgiving weekend and the traffic trends we saw across both our store and e-commerce channels. In fact, on Black Friday, we had the most visits ever to our shop app and e-commerce site. Unlike others in this space, we do not run sale events across our entire store. We leverage the increased traffic over this period to clear through product we are not taking forward and to feature full-price style. We are happy with how the guests responded to both with full-price sales driven by some of our key franchises, including Define. While we feel good about the start of the holiday season, we still have large volume weeks in front of us. And given the shorter holiday shopping season, we continue to be thoughtful in our planning for quarter four overall. Now, looking at quarter three, total revenue increased 9%, or 8% in constant currency. By region, China Mainland increased 39%, or 36% in constant currency; the Rest of World grew 27%, or 23% in constant currency; and the Americas increased 2%. By merchandise category, men's increased 9% and women's and accessories both increased 8%. Adjusted operating margin increased 70 basis points to 20.5%, and adjusted earnings per share increased 13%. In addition, demonstrating our continued confidence in the business, our Board recently authorized $1 billion increase in our share repurchase program. In quarter three, we repurchased $409 million of stock, which brings us to $1.4 billion year-to-date. Including the additional authorization, we have $1.8 billion available to repurchase our shares. I'll now turn to the details about our quarter three, beginning with our performance by region. In the Americas, revenue increased 2% on both a reported and constant currency basis. Positive momentum continued in Canada, where revenue increased 9%. In the U.S., revenue was flat, which was consistent with our performance in quarter two and in line with our expectations. Last quarter, I laid out our plans to drive improvement in our U.S. business. These plans include implementing a new reporting structure within our product team, increasing the penetration of seasonal newness within our assortments by quarter one 2025 and chasing into updated colors, prints and patterns to provide guests with more options in the second half of this year. So, let me share the progress we are seeing. When looking at our product team, we are beginning to see the efficiencies and anticipated benefits of our new reporting structure with our Global Creative Director reporting to me and our Chief Merchandising Officer reporting to Nikki Neuburger in her expanded role as Chief Brand and Product Activation Officer. Our merchandising and brand teams are now more fully integrated, which leads to better coordination and faster decision-making regarding how we bring our innovation to life. I'm proud of how our leaders and teams pushed forward this quarter and how we have made meaningful progress in creating the product organization to drive our future success. When looking at the composition of our assortments, we are on track with our efforts to increase the penetration of seasonal newness and expect to be in line with historical levels in quarter one 2025. I feel good about the quality and quantity of newness the teams have planned and I believe we are well positioned for spring. Finally, our teams have been agile and have been chasing into seasonal colors, prints and patterns. I'm sure you've seen several examples across our key franchises. These efforts have contributed to the sequential improvement in newness within our assortment in the back half of the year. We continue to see significant potential for growth in the U.S. Our guest retention remains high and we see an opportunity to drive higher revenue per guest with more newness in the assortment. We continue to grow our membership program and we are now 24 million members strong. Our variety of benefits, including early access, partner perks and members-only events are resonating well. And our unaided brand awareness remains low in the U.S. at 36%, which provides a significant opportunity for growth as we continue to open and optimize stores and launch new brand campaigns and activations. In summary, I'm pleased with our progress so far as our teams are in action to return our level of newness back to historical levels in quarter one 2025. In addition, we are benefiting from and seeing the efficiencies from the new leadership structure within our product team. With the rest of our regions performing well, I feel confident in our growth plans and strategies for 2025. Turning to our international business, momentum remains strong in all of our markets as we continue to see great acceptance of the lululemon brand across the globe. Overall, we saw international revenue increase 33%, or 30% on a constant currency basis. Here are some highlights. In China Mainland, our brand positioning of Made to Feel allows us to authentically connect with guests by offering technical product that helps enable them to live an active and healthy lifestyle and bring to life compelling activations focused on movement and well-being. This aligns well with the government's Healthy China 2030 initiative. In quarter three, our local team executed our largest activation yet, centered around World Mental Health Day and the release of our fourth annual Global Wellbeing Report. We hosted events in nine cities, anchored by our activation in Shanghai. For one week in early October, we hosted a variety of sessions for guests, including sweat sessions and experiences along the West Bund. In total, we had 15,000 guests participate in our activations across the mainland and we generated 3.8 billion impressions. I'm excited with the success and scale of this activation, one example of many from our team in China Mainland, which are intended to increase brand awareness which remains low but is growing, bring new guests into the brand and increase engagement and loyalty with existing guests. Now, let's focus on the Rest of the World segment, which is comprised of APAC and EMEA regions. We remain in the early stages of growth in these markets and have significant opportunity to expand our footprint through new store openings and expansion of key locations. In our more established international markets, we are leveraging the success of our North America optimization program. For example, in Australia, we are seeing meaningful benefits from the strategy, including an enhanced and more premium shopping experience for our guests, an increase in our men's business through additional square footage and improved visual merchandising, and an increase in online sales as these stores help attract both local guests and tourists into the brand. Our new store in the Emporium Mall in Melbourne is a terrific illustration of the effectiveness of this strategy. At 11,000 square feet, it is our largest store in APAC and is on track to be our number one store in the region in terms of revenue. We opened our first store in Australia more than 20 years ago, and this shows the growth that is possible even within our more established markets. In EMEA, we are also executing against our store optimization strategy as we recently increased the size of our stores in Berlin and Oslo, and we're happy with the performance of both. I'm thrilled with the response we are seeing from guests as we improve the shopping experience in markets where we currently operate. This is a key strategy for us across all regions, including North America, as it allows us to better position our store portfolio to support our product plans, continue to drive success in key growth categories, including men's, accessories, outerwear and footwear, and drive overall sales while continuing to deliver best-in-class store productivity. In addition to maximizing existing markets, we have significant opportunity to bring lululemon to new countries across the globe. Our plans for 2025 include opening in Italy as a new company-operated market, and in Denmark, Belgium, Turkey and the Czech Republic under our franchise model. Let me shift now and spend a few minutes on product. In quarter three, in women's, we saw strength in shorts, skirts and leggings in seasonal colors, while in men's, guests continue to respond well to our Pace Breaker and Zeroed In franchises in performance and key lounge franchises. In accessories, bags continue to perform well, driven by backpacks and the crossbody styles. We built upon our success this past spring in golf by focusing on another play category, tennis, when we dropped our lululemon Tennis Club collection during the US Open in New York this quarter. Based on the strong guest response, we continue to see an opportunity to grow our play activities and intend to evolve our strategy from a seasonal approach to one where we introduced newness into these collections consistently throughout the year. And we have been pleased with the performance of two strategic partnerships we launched recently, Fanatics and the National Hockey League and Disney. As you are aware, we have a targeted strategic sales business where we sell product to select partners, including fitness studios and university bookstores. Our Fanatics and NHL partnership builds upon the success of our campus strategy. We know there is an opportunity to bring a premium option to sports fans, which allows them to celebrate their favorite teams through our most iconic styles. Our limited edition product collaboration with Disney combines iconic Disney imagery with our best-in-class technical apparel and taps into the appreciation guests have for both brands. As I step back and look at our entire product assortments, I'm excited with the newness we have planned. Our technical product is a key competitive advantage for us and our positioning as a premium athletic brand offering high style, high performance product truly differentiates us from others. Before I turn it over to Meghan to discuss our financials, let me say that we remain committed to delivering on our Power of Three x2 revenue target of $12.5 billion in 2026, and we remain ahead of schedule. Using our revenue guidance for 2024, which we updated today, our three-year revenue growth CAGR from 2021 through 2024 is 19%, ahead of the 15% CAGR target in our plan. The solid results this quarter show the inherent strength of our brand and highlight the continued opportunity for lululemon around the world with existing and new guests. Meghan, now over to you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. In Q3, both revenue and EPS exceeded our expectations. Top-line strength was driven by continued momentum in our international regions and Canada, while EPS also benefited from stronger-than-expected gross margins. Looking at Q4, as Calvin mentioned, we're pleased with the results over Thanksgiving weekend and the start of the holiday season. I would also keep in mind that nearly two-thirds of the quarter remains in front of us and the macro environment remains dynamic. As such, we continue to plan the business prudently, and I'll share our detailed Q4 guidance shortly. Let me also mention that we closed on the purchase of our Mexico franchise. The transaction closed on September 10th and had an immaterial impact on our Q3 financials. However, you will see an increase of 15 stores in our company-operated store count related to Mexico. These stores were not included in our new store opening plans or square footage growth guidance for the year. Hence, they are additive. Let me now show the details of our Q3 performance. For Q3, total net revenue rose 9%, or 8% in constant currency, to $2.4 billion, and constant dollar comparable sales increased 3%. Within our regions, results were as follows: Americas revenue increased 2% with a comparable sales decline of 2%; China Mainland revenue increased 39%, or 36% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing 24%; and in our Rest of World segment, revenue grew by 27%, or 23% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing by 20%. In our store channel, total sales increased 13% and we ended the quarter with 749 stores globally. Square footage increased 16% versus last year, driven by the addition of 63 net new lululemon stores since Q3 of 2023. During the quarter, we opened 13 net new stores and completed 14 optimizations. In addition, as I mentioned, we added 15 stores in Mexico, which are included in the 63 net new stores and 16% square footage growth metrics. In our digital channel, revenue increased 4% and contributed $945 million of top-line, or 39% of total revenue. And by category, men's revenue increased 9% versus last year, while women's and accessories both increased 8%. Gross profit for the third quarter was $1.4 billion or 58.5% of net revenue compared to adjusted gross margin of 58.1% in Q3 2023. The adjusted gross profit rate in Q3 increased 40 basis points, ahead of our guidance, and was driven primarily by the following: a 50-basis-point increase in product margin, driven by lower inventory provision expense versus last year and favorable IMU, offset by higher freight costs; markdowns were flat year-over-year; 20 basis points of net deleverage on fixed costs; and 10 basis points of favorable impact from foreign exchange. Relative to our guidance, which was for a decline in gross margin of 50 basis points to 60 basis points, the upside was driven predominantly by prudent management of fixed expenses within gross margin, better IMU, lower DC operating costs and the timing of expenses related to certain store real estate projects. Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded and prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $910 million, or 38% of net revenue compared to 38.2% of net revenue for the same period last year. SG&A was slightly worse than our guidance of 40 basis points to 50 basis points of leverage due to approximately 20 basis points of negative impact from foreign exchange. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $491 million, or 20.5% of net revenue, compared to adjusted operating margin of 19.8% in Q3 2023. Tax expense for the quarter was $153 million or 30.2% of pre-tax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.1% a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $352 million or $2.87 per diluted share compared to adjusted EPS of $2.53 for the third quarter of 2023. Capital expenditures were approximately $178 million for the quarter compared to approximately $163 million in the third quarter last year. Q3 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth, including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory increased 8%, lower than our guidance for an increase in the mid-teens. We repurchased 1.58 million shares in Q3 at an average price of $259. Year-to-date, we've repurchased approximately $1.4 billion of stock. Share repurchases remain our preferred method to return cash to shareholders, and we currently have approximately $1.8 billion remaining on a repurchase program, including the recent $1 billion increase in authorization. Let me now share our detailed guidance outlook for the remainder of the year. As I mentioned, we are pleased with our performance at the start of the holiday season, but given fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas and an uncertain macro environment, we continue to plan the business prudently. Starting with full year 2024, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $10.452 billion to $10.487 billion. This range represents growth of 9% relative to 2023. Excluding the 53rd week that we have in the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to grow 7%. I'd also note that our revenue range now includes an incremental $20 million of negative impact related to recent fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. We expect to open approximately 40 net new company-operated stores in 2024, excluding Mexico, and complete approximately 40 co-located optimizations. Excluding Mexico, we expect square footage to grow in the low-double-digits, and including Mexico, we expect overall square footage growth in the low-teens. Our new store openings in 2024 will include approximately 10 stores in the Americas, inclusive of two company-operated stores in Mexico in Q4. With the rest of our openings planned in our international markets, primarily in China Mainland. For the full year, we now expect gross margin to increase approximately 10 basis points to 20 basis points versus our adjusted gross margin in 2023. We continue to expect markdowns to be relatively flat with last year. Turning to SG&A for the full year. We now expect it to be 20 basis points to 30 basis points higher versus 2023. We are prudently managing our expenses while continuing to invest strategically into our Power of Three x2 roadmap, including investments in marketing and brand building aimed at increasing our awareness and acquiring new guests, investments to support our international growth and market expansion and continued investment in technology infrastructure and data analytics capabilities. When looking at operating margin for the full year 2024, we continue to expect a decrease of 10 basis points to 20 basis points versus adjusted operating margin in 2023, which expanded 110 basis points versus 2022. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. For the fiscal year 2024, we now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $14.08 to $14.16 versus adjusted EPS of $12.77 in 2023. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases, but does include the impact of our repurchases year-to-date. When looking at inventory, we continue to expect dollar inventory to increase in the mid-teens in Q4. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2024. The spend relates to investments to support business growth, including a continuation for a multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Shifting now to Q4. We expect revenue in the range of $3.475 billion to $3.51 billion, representing growth of 8% to 10%, or 3% to 4% excluding the 53rd week. This range includes the incremental negative $20 million impact from foreign exchange I previously mentioned. We expect to open 18 net new company operated stores in Q4, including two in Mexico. Expect gross margin in Q4 to decrease 20 basis points to 30 basis points relative to Q4 2023. The decrease will be driven predominantly by deleverage on fixed costs and our ongoing investment in store growth and our multiyear distribution center project. We expect product margin to increase 60 basis points to 70 basis points, inclusive of approximately 40 basis points of higher freight costs. We continue to expect markdowns to be slightly improved versus Q4 2023. In Q4, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 90 basis points to 100 basis points relative to Q4 2023. This will be driven predominantly by increased foundational investments and related depreciation and also strategic investments, including those to build brand awareness to support future growth. When looking at operating margin for Q4, we expect deleverage of approximately 110 basis points to 130 basis points. Turning to EPS, we expect earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $5.56 to $5.64 versus adjusted EPS of $5.29 a year ago. We expect our effective tax rate in Q4 to be approximately 29.5%. And with that, I will turn it back over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. As you can see from our results, our business continues to deliver across our international markets and we are pleased with the start to the holiday season in North America. Looking ahead, we are excited about the work underway across our product organization to create the pipeline of newness that guests expect from us, both in the near and long term. And as we build our brand awareness and continue to strategically expand globally, the opportunities in front of us are significant. As we head into the final weeks of the year, I want to thank our teams around the world who made these results possible. I continue to be impressed by the agility and resilience of our teams who demonstrate why lululemon is one of the enduring growth stories within retail. Thank you all for joining us. Meghan and I look forward to taking your questions now. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Congrats on a great quarter. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to focus on U.S. sales. It looks like they stabilized on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So, I'm just curious, do you view this kind of as a bottom for that geography and should it improve from here? And maybe thoughts on the longer-term growth rate of that business? Thanks a lot.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. In terms of quarter three as you mentioned, performance was what we had expected in our plan on our newness was equally on our expectations. In Q4, our newness is getting sequentially stronger. And as mentioned, we're off to a good start the holiday and happy with our regular price performance over the Thanksgiving weekend. We continue to see good response to newness from our guests and we're on plan to hit that historical number by quarter one. And when I look at our guests, I'm happy with the absolute growth number. Our retention with our guests remains very strong, and the opportunity remains, as I've spoken to in the past, revenue per guest related to newness. And when I look at brand awareness and our opportunities of category expansion, we still see growth in the U.S. market and know that it's within our control and focused on the product decisions and that's what the team is focused on. And in terms of our Power of Three x2 growth guidance numbers and our view of North America, nothing has changed.
Alex Straton: Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good afternoon. Meghan, can you talk about the reasons for the mid-teens inventory growth in the fourth quarter? How much of this is holding on to slower moving core versus chasing seasonal color and pattern? And how are you planning inventory for the first half of '25?
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Lorraine. So, we came in at plus-8% at the end of Q3. We actually guided to the mid-teens for inventory, and our view on Q4 hasn't changed. We're expecting to end Q4 in the mid-teens growth rate. I would say over the longer term, we aim to manage inventory in line with our sales growth. We are chasing into seasonal newness. So, definitely it's impacting, I would say, our growth rate at the end of the year to set us up for our goal of inflecting the business and specifically the U.S. as we move into the first half of next year. As you -- if you look at our inventory turns, they're pretty much in line with history, a little bit slower than history actually. So, we feel well positioned as we move into Q4 and then into '25 as well.
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good afternoon. Let me add my congrats. Calvin, maybe just to piggyback on Alex's question, just comps are still negative, which is obviously not ideal, but your tone and your confidence on the trajectory of what's going on in the region sounds better. It sounds like the confidence is building. So, maybe can you just maybe unpack some of the KPIs or whatever it is you look at that can kind of help us understand exactly why we should be confident that the negative comp trend will in fact inflect come next spring?
Calvin McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Ike. It -- the confidence is rooted in a few of the key data points that I have shared. I'll point to a guest who is still very engaged with our brand, remain very loyal and are reacting very well to the newness that the teams are delivering. And we know that, that newness as a percentage of our overall assortment and mix is below our historical levels. So, when we see the newness, he and she is responding well to it. And seeing the work the team has been doing, the quality and quantity of that newness as a mix of our core assortment heading into Q1 of next year and through 2025 is where I get the confidence that we're back at those historical levels that we have a guest that's still very much engaged in the brand and, quite frankly, is waiting for us to hit those historical levels and we're seeing that through their spending pattern. Our overall guest growth has been strong. I'm pleased with it. We now have over 24 million members in our Essential membership program, and we're continuing to see a very good matriculation per our plan of our younger recently acquired guests. And then, it's the core guest that the team is very much focused on who's responding, but waiting for us to bring that newness so she can continue to add to her lululemon collection. That's what gives me the confidence. I truly believe that decisions made with our product and we are addressing it with the new structure, the talent, the new talent and the team and feel good with what I see heading into '25.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Janine Stichter with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the progress. I want to ask a bit more on the women's business. It picked up nicely from Q2. Maybe a little bit more about what's going on there? And then, I think you called out leggings, which is the first time we've heard that as a positive call in a while. So, just would love some more color around what's going on within the legging business and what we can expect for Q4 into next year. Thank you.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Janine. Our women's business globally, and I'll start globally, is performing very well, as is our men's, as well as our accessories business, really balanced growth globally. And we continue to see in all of our international markets growth across all the categories, including our bottoms and our leggings business. In North America, particularly in the U.S., because we saw very strong growth in Canada, the women's business, and when we look at newness, again, we saw good growth. It's the missed historical levels of newness where we see that opportunity. When we look at the legging business, the bottom business and how she responded to newness through color, prints and pattern, she responds very well. And we did gain share in both men's and women's globally as well as in the U.S. in the premium activewear category. So, we know that she is responding well to that newness and that's what the team is focused on to continue to bring, but we are seeing growth across those categories. And I just want to remind that when we talk newness, it is colors on top of our core colors and core franchises. It's not unseen, unproven newness. We do bring that in as a percentage of our overall assortment, but a lot of what drives the newness and our guest responds to is the franchises, the silhouettes and the hero items that he and she loves, but bringing it through different colors and prints and trims and other ways in which we are adding newness to those that have always been a good driver of our business and we've been at lower than historical levels, and that's what the team is focused on in driving.
Janine Stichter: Thanks so much and good luck for holiday.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our question. Congrats on a nice quarter. Just a quick one on the model. It looks like one of the key drivers of the gross margin in third quarter was lower inventory provisions. Would you just remind us how influential that could be in the fourth quarter? And then maybe just a little -- stepping back a little bit on the gross margin, unpacking a little bit more, maybe what's under the surface on the product margin? I think you said one of the big pieces there, Meghan, was upside to the guidance was good control of fixed costs on the product side. Is that -- I'm curious how sustainable that is with the high fixed cost base in North America and the negative comps in that market. Is that something that's as controllable in the fourth quarter, or is there something unique to third quarter that let that be a bigger lever for you while the comps remain negative in your biggest market?
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, Michael. In terms of inventory provisions, we provided for some inventory that sold through in the quarter and we've released some provisions, we're also lapping a higher comparison last year, we're not expecting to see big movement year-over-year in inventory provision specifically when we move to Q4. If we look at what drove our Q3 margin, 50 basis points was from product margin, it was from the lower provisions, as you mentioned. We saw some benefit in higher IMU, partially offset by higher freight and the markdowns were flat. We did have a little bit of deleverage on fixed costs and then a little bit of a favorability on FX, the 10 -- 20-basis-points deleverage on fixed costs, 10-basis-points favorable on FX. When we look at Q4, we guided to a decrease of 20 basis points to 30 basis points. In that, we are expecting a benefit in product margin of about 50 basis points to 60 basis points of markdown slightly under last year and then offset partially by some deleverage on fixed costs with store growth in DC, specifically on a little bit of a lower revenue trend.
Michael Binetti: Thank you very much.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid quarter. We were all over in China or most of us were over there with you back in October. Can you talk to what you're seeing on the ground in China both from a top-line and margin perspective? I think in the first half of the year, the China segment contribution margin was in line with America. I was just wondering, how you're planning it for the back half of the year.
Meghan Frank: Yeah. Thanks, John. So, we've been really pleased and continue to be pleased with our China performance. So, our China Mainland growth on a constant currency basis was 37% in Q2, 36% in Q3, and we saw a positive impact from a bottom-line perspective. We are seeing really healthy operating margin expansion with revenue exceeding our expectations to a degree. I think as I've mentioned before, it's not a region where we're looking right now to optimize operating margin, really focused on driving our long-term trend, but certainly see opportunity there over the longer term. And I think we'll put a finer point on how we see the regions playing out as we get into March and then 2025. And then, I would share, we continue to be pleased with our China trends as we move into Q4 and we do expect that we're not offering specific guidance by region, China to be above 30% growth rate again in the quarter.
John Kernan: Got it. Maybe just a quick follow-up on the Rest of World. It sounds like you're more confident in store openings in some new markets. Maybe talk to some of the investments you're making there and the confidence you have in those markets.
Calvin McDonald: Yeah. On -- as I mentioned, plan for next year, which will be an owned market is Italy. And then, on the success of some of the markets with our franchise model, we'll be opening Denmark, Belgium, Turkey and Czech Republic through our franchise model and partnerships. And it really is the confidence we have in the brand momentum in every market we're in globally. And we continue to monitor markets and look for opportunities to expand. We look for readiness in terms of obviously spending power, but also interest within the activities that we play into. So that's sort of sweat readiness in these markets. And we know we're early in the markets we're in, both in terms of awareness and market share and we want to continue to fuel and drive those. But these are markets that have definitely -- we've seen a nice progression in readiness for our business and our brand and want to continue to add to our international portfolio and build on that momentum we're seeing. As you know, I've spoken to, our international business is performing incredibly well in every market. We're getting pulled into markets versus pushing ourselves into, and it's still a low percentage of our overall mix of revenue. And we're excited about continuing to drive it, grow it and see it representing a much greater percentage, the overall revenue of the company, and these market growth are just addition to that momentum that we see coming in '25 and beyond.
John Kernan: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So, Calvin, could you elaborate maybe on the cadence of traffic in North America as the third quarter progressed and into holiday? And maybe just speak to new customer acquisition and also the start to holiday internationally?
Meghan Frank: In terms of traffic trends throughout the quarter, we don't actually disclose monthly traffic. But I'd say overall there, Matt, we were pleased globally with traffic across both channels. And in terms of the U.S. specifically, e-com channel remains positive and our stores were slightly lower than last year, but the U.S. did come in overall in line with our expectations for Q3. And as Calvin mentioned earlier, guest retention continues to be strong. The opportunity remains in revenue for guests as well as conversion, and we've been pleased with the holiday period.
Calvin McDonald: Yeah. I'll just add, I know it's been a few calls since we shared the membership number. And I'll remind you that 24 million membership base, that is just North America. So, we're really excited in terms of that number and that initiative as a driver of guest engagement retention. We've recently added membership perks to it using some of our third-party partners and studio players. So, we're excited about continuing to build that out to drive engagement, loyalty and retention or being an additional factor. But guest growth in the U.S. and North America and obviously, internationally has been good this year, and we're very pleased with that. And internationally, holiday, in general, for us, we're pleased with the start. It's early. There's still a lot of the quarter ahead, and we're on a shortened holiday period, but pleased with the start, pleased with the mix between markdowns and regular prices. As you know, we really drive and we'll always drive our business through regular price through newness and innovation. Markdowns, we use as a means to clear out end of season, but pleased with the results and arguably a promotional period. I think it just shows the way the brand resonates, the way newness resonates with our guests and how we continue to build a premium brand and allow our unique differentiated product. And that's resonating around the world, and we're pleased with the start to the holiday.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then, Meghan, just what's your confidence in your modest annual operating margin expansion target multiyear? Or is there a way to think about areas of expense flexibility relative to different revenue scenarios?
Meghan Frank: Yeah. I mean, I would say we're deep in planning for '25. Too early to put a fine point on that. We still remain committed to our modest operating margin target over the five-year time horizon. We'll obviously come back in March and share more and certainly is revenue dependent. The team is really focused and energized on driving the inflection into '25. And I think we're pleased with our results this year despite revenues being lower than we expected. We've done quite a bit of management of expenses and managed operating margin pretty much in line with last year. So, pleased with where we're ending up.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. I think you mentioned e-com in the U.S. was still positive. Stores, you said, were lower. Can you talk about that e-com versus store dynamic in your other key regions? And then, second, can you also talk about the competitive landscape, what you saw in terms of promotions out there during the third quarter and what you expect for 4Q? Thanks.
Meghan Frank: Yeah. So, in terms of traffic, that was specific to the U.S., my color. I would say overall, traffic trends, both positive in the Rest of World in terms of e-com and stores.
Calvin McDonald: Yeah, Paul. And in terms of the overall promotional intensity, I think it's -- we know it's a very promotional period, more intense than throughout the year. From a year-over-year perspective, I don't think the overall market is any more intense. There's pockets where certain brands and retailers are more promotional and where others are less. I think it obviously depends on the momentum in their business coming in of how they've chosen to play that. But when I look at the premium athletic space, we've continued to play a non-promotional markdown-only reg price business unlike others within this space and pleased to see the results to kick off the holiday and the way the guest responds to our product.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks. Meghan, just on the e-com versus stores, can you just frame which are outperforming in your major regions?
Meghan Frank: We haven't broken down the specific regions in terms of traffic by e-com and stores.
Paul Lejuez: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good afternoon. I guess I'm curious, given the election paradigm in the U.S., how you're thinking about any potential tariff impact as it relates to next year? And if you think you're a better or worse positioned than your peers on the dynamic?
Meghan Frank: Hey, Sharon. So, we've obviously been closely monitoring, and early to say what will come to fruition. But I can share, we have very limited exposure in China. It's approximately -- we source approximately 3% of goods from China. So, exposure there is relatively small. Our sourcing from Mexico is less than [0.5 percentage point] (ph), and we don't source anything from Canada. So, also a very small exposure there as well. So, I would expect those are probably under some of the competitive landscape. And then, obviously, if tariffs were levied on imports from all countries into the U.S., that would obviously have a more significant impact on our costs. We are closely monitoring, and we'll look at opportunities across our P&L to manage through that as well.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good afternoon. I too like to add my congratulations on a nice quarter.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: The question I have, I know it's going to be a little bit repetitive, so I apologize. We're talking a lot about newness, particularly as you look towards early '25. So, is there a way to quantify -- I mean as you think about what the product -- particularly domestically, what the product is going to look like in early '25, I mean how different it's going to be than what you've had historically? So, just maybe quantify better this newness dynamic. And then, along those same lines, where you have introduced new products already, could you quantify how much better the sales have been there versus, say, a baseline?
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brian. We don't share the absolute number, but I had indicated in terms of the internal views that we look at. So, when I reference newness, as a percentage of our overall merchandising mix, that could be a combination of core with different colors, different patterns and print. It could be new franchises, hero items that we've introduced that we plan to carry forward. Good examples, Zeroed In, Soft Jersey to name a few. Or it could be items that we just sprinkle in on the season to just sort of provide that unpredictable. And some of those can be tested and learned for future seasons. The bulk of newness is still in that new innovative hero items or franchises as well as color pattern print extensions of core. So, when we look at it from a -- and that's why our markdown management is something we're able to continue to do because this is building upon the items that the consumer knows, but giving them through silhouettes and other ways, reasons to purchase. We have been below those historical numbers as a percentage of our mix through much of this year. It's sequentially getting stronger and come Q1 of next year, we'll be back at those historical levels. Although I'm not sharing a number with you, if it's to say, what would I see when I come into the store, I would say the mix of the assortment will feel more historically '23, '22 and previous years, because that's what the team is working to as a ratio. Obviously, breadth of color, and as I mentioned, across those. So, those are the parameters that we look at internally, and I think that's what you should expect to see. When you go into our store today versus when you go into our store in the quarter is back to that historical mixture of color and the other items that I've described of how we think of newness across color, but also truly newer just in and out for the season.
Brian Nagel: That's very helpful, Calvin. And then just -- what you're seeing now? Because I think you have mentioned that clearly, like you just said, the bigger shift of newness is going to happen early next year, but you've had some new product now. How is this product performing?
Calvin McDonald: Yeah. No, as I mentioned, we are very pleased and seeing a good guest response to the newness that we put in. It is still below our historical levels. But if you were to go into the stores today or look online some of the holiday items that we bring in, the detailing on our defined jackets or the Velvet Scuba collection, the Shine Align collection, building on the Align franchise, the Wundermost tops and the Satin Shine running tight and short are examples where we bring that, and the guest is responding very well to that, as well as in our performance with our Waffle-Knit styles across long sleeve and jogger silhouettes, tops in the Swiftly, Rulu and Restless franchises and our Fast & Free and in our footwear as well. So, there is lots of -- and those are for our women's business. And then, similar on our men's, we have the newness, and the guest is responding well to it. And as I mentioned on the Thanksgiving weekend, we saw and we're very pleased with our regular business growth in a very heavily promoted period of time. So, good response, still below historical, still below where we'll be in Q1, but throughout this year, the guest has always responded to newness. It's been the level that we've had, which has been the opportunity, and we've been addressing and chasing in all the initiatives I shared with you in terms of structure, the talent changes and the focus of the team. But that's where I get confident in what I'm seeing in Q1 as well as confident in the metrics as to what we control and what the team is focused on to drive the inflection in our women's business in the U.S.
Brian Nagel: I appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. The last question is from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Calvin, can you speak to your learnings on the increased investment in marketing spent this year? How should we be thinking about advertising and marketing going forward as a percent of sales as you look to expand that brand awareness? And then, perhaps as a related follow-up, wondering if you can talk to the results of the targeted strategies that you're implementing to reengage lapsed customers in the U.S. Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Hey, Brooke, I'll just take the marketing spend quickly. So, we have been managing marketing essentially in line with 4.5% to 5% of sales. We do expect we'll tick up a little bit closer to 5.5% given -- this year, given we have held our marketing campaigns intact just as we've navigated the top-line pressure because we're really focused on driving into the long term there. And then, I'll have Calvin add some color here.
Calvin McDonald: Yeah. In terms of the overall initiatives that we deploy the incremental investments and it really is across a lot of the levers that have driven and grown this brand, and that is in all markets, but it's including North America, in community events at the local level with our ambassador relationships in pool there and into more mid top-of-funnel initiatives as we look to acquire and keep acquiring new guests. We use ROAS as a measurement against all and most of those spends, and we're pleased, and that's why we continue to lean in. And on top-of-funnel, we're pleased with not just our new guest acquisition, but as well as the movement we've seen in all markets with our unaided brand awareness, which in the U.S. is now at 36%. So, we've continued to move that needle in a meaningful way. So, we're going to continue to sort of play and test and learn across those initiatives, leading with community, leading with relationship and playing with initiatives at top-of-funnel to keep acquiring, knowing that product is our ultimate hook. So, always leading in these campaigns with a product message. In terms of lapsed guests, the teams are always working on a variety of direct initiatives. What I would tell you where I'm excited about, Q1 when we continue to bring newness and get back to those historical levels is our opportunity is not in incremental or growth in our lapsed guests. We have very strong high loyal guest, high retention. The opportunity is in our revenue per guest bed, because we've had less newness to bring to her. So, the team's ability to bring that newness to her and the way that she has continued to respond this year to the newness we have had, when we get back to having more of the historical by having quite a bit of that newness in our performance activities across yoga, run and train, and tennis and play, I'm encouraged with the opportunity. Because we're not trying to bring guests back into the brand. She's remained. What we are doing is leveraging newness to have her continue to engage and spend the way she has, knowing that we have more at the historical level. So, that is where I feel excited about what the team is planning and we'll be able to do.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode. The conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon Athletica, please go ahead.
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Lululemon second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on form 10-K and our quarterly reports on form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on form 10-Q are available under the Investor section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the second quarter, as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for one hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'm glad you could all join us on the call today to discuss our business in quarter two and a revised outlook for the second-half of the year. On today's call, I will speak to the strength in our international business. I also will spend time discussing our business in the U.S., including some missed opportunities in women's, our assessment of the root causes. The plans underway to address these in the near-term and the many reasons for our continued optimism regarding our growth potential in the U.S. Next, I will speak to our recent brand campaigns and activations. Megan will review our financials and we will close by taking your questions. So let's get started. In the second quarter, total revenue increased 7% or 8% in constant currency. By merchandise category, women's increased 6%, men's grew 11%, and accessories increased 7%. Earnings per share increased 18% driven by strong gross margin, which contributed to 110 basis point increase in operating margin. In addition, demonstrating our continued confidence in the business, we repurchased $584 million of stock in quarter two, which brings us to $1.2 billion year-to-date. Let's now discuss our regional performance, beginning with our international business. In quarter two, we continued to see strength in our international markets as the Lululemon brand resonates with guests around the world. Growing our business outside of North America remains one of our largest opportunities, and we remain on track to quadruple international revenue from 2021 levels by the end of 2026. Momentum remains strong, with total international revenue increasing 29% or 31% in constant currency. By region, our results were as follows. China mainland increased 34% or 37% in constant currency. Rest of the World grew 24% or 27% in constant currency. In China mainland, our business remained robust in the second quarter as we continued to bring new guests into the brand through our stores and multiple e-commerce platform. In addition to our innovative product offering and on the operating model, we are requiring guest through our unique, made to field positioning which comes to life through our commitment to movement and community. All of which supports the Healthy China 2030 initiative. In quarter two, we built upon the success of our summer sweat game series with our largest activation yet. This year we expanded the games to more than 70 stores in nearly 40 cities, with approximately 10,000 guests signing up to participate. The national finals were held this past weekend in Beijing. Looking to quarter three, we will build upon last year's success and bring attention to the World Mental Health Day in October, with unique activations across several cities in China Mainland. In addition, we will expand our activations to other markets this fall, including South Korea, Germany, the U.K. and the U.S. This is a great example of how our teams from around the world share ideas and activate global campaigns. Shifting to our Rest of World segment, where we continue to perform well in both EMEA and APAC. We expanded further in Southeast Asia with the opening of our second store in Thailand and our fourth in Malaysia. And in France, our Paris stores and the Lululemon brand overall benefited from the energy and excitement of the Olympics, which I'll speak to in more detail shortly. Turning to our business in the Americas, revenue increased 1% or 2% in constant currency. We continued to perform well in Canada with revenue growth of 8% or 11% in constant currency, while revenue in the U.S. was flat. This is a key area of focus for us. And I will now dive deeper into our U.S. business. Our brand remains strong in the U.S. market. Traffic was up across both channels and Google search queries remain positive. Guests are looking for our product, coming into our stores and visiting our e-commerce sites. While we continue to see growth in our men's business, we have experienced a slowdown in women's. We have improved our in-stocks in smaller sizes through Q2 and are entering Q3 better positioned. As we've analyzed our women's business in more detail, we have determined the most significant factor was a product plan that introduced less newness across core and seasonal styles. By newness, I'm referring to the seasonal updates we bring into the assortment typically expressed as color, print, patterns, and silhouettes. I'm not referring to our pipeline of innovation, which remains full and the details of which I will share with you shortly. As we have learned more, it's become clear to us that this reduced newness which is below our historical levels and stems from earlier product decisions, has impacted conversion rates given the fewer new options available to our female guests. While this reduction was seen across our women's assortment, it had a more pronounced impact in bottoms and in our online channel. The newness that we had performed well, we simply did not have enough to inspire her to purchase. As most of you know, we announced changes within our product organization in May of this year. We implemented a new reporting structure in which our Global Creative Director, Jonathan Cheung reports to me, and our Chief Merchant, Liz Binder, reports to Nikki Neuburger in her expanded role as Chief Brand and Product Activation Officer. Since this shift, Nikki and I have both spent considerable time with the teams and we are pleased that this new structure puts design and merchandising on equal footing. And reestablishes the healthy balance that must exist within a product organization. The teams are working well together and already in action. Our near-term action plan leverages our capabilities in chase and fast track design to bring more seasonal newness into our women's assortment as quickly as possible. The teams have been chasing into some of our strong performers, including aligned leggings in colors and prints, our gold zip scuba in softstreme and new silhouette and seasonal fabrications. Our fast track design capability allows us to bring newness into our assortment quicker while also testing and learning from new silhouette. For 2025, we are fast tracking several new styles within performance shorts, tops and tracksuits. We are optimistic that we will begin to see the benefits of these strategies over the upcoming quarters and return to our historical levels of newness no later than Spring 2025. Moving forward, I feel confident that the new structure and relationship between design and merchandising will lead to more ongoing conversations. And consistent decision making, and I'm excited about the newness and innovation that will be flowing into our upcoming product assortments. While we are disappointed with the recent performance in women's, we see many strengths in our U.S. business. Our store portfolio remains highly productive with significant opportunities ahead. Our industry leading sales per foot, the success of our new stores, and the positive results from our optimization program all underpin our comfort with our Power Three times Two target of approximately 5% square footage growth annually in the Americas through 2026. We are only beginning to leverage the power of our membership program, which allows us to engage more deeply with our guests, drive loyalty, and increase long-term value. We now have more than 20 million essential members. And I'll share more in a moment about how we're expanding our offerings. And while we have experienced positive increases across our brand funnel metrics in the market, there is still substantial opportunity to drive unaided brand awareness introducing lululemon to new gas segments. As you can see, there are many reasons we feel optimistic about our U.S. business and its growth potential. Let's shift now to our recent and upcoming product innovations. Beginning with men's, the business remains robust and we continue to gain market share. In quarter two, we saw strength across the assortment, including Zeroed In, which was launched this past spring and has quickly become a guest favorite in a top three performance franchise. Our Pace Breaker with the positive response to our shorts, and our recently launched pant and jacket is performing very well. Our new Show Zero Polo, which virtually eliminates the appearance of sweat, also launched this spring and has resonated well with guests and will benefit from increased inventory commitments this fall and into next year. In our lounge offering, including Soft Jersey, Steady State and Smooth Spacer, continued to perform well and we will fuel the momentum with additional styles and deeper inventory buys. In women's, I'm excited with our product road map for fall, which includes an expansion of our train offering with the introduction of a new performance fabric innovation in a tight and expansion of our Wunder Under franchise offering our iconic legging in different fabrics, seasonal updates within our line franchise, and an updated version of our Chargefeel footwear style. And our accessories business also remains positive on top of last year's strong performance. We have diversified into a compelling assortment of bags, including our new crew and double zip backpacks and additional styles within the Everywhere franchise, including a backpack and crossbody bag, which is fueling continued momentum in the category. One of our goals is to solve for the unmet needs of our guests with new and compelling technical innovations, and this will continue to separate us from other brands. With this in mind, I want to touch on Breeze Through, a new product offering this quarter for guests who participate in hot yoga and other heat intensive workouts. It was a small buy. We view this as a test and learn. And while guests were excited by the fabric, the design didn't meet their expectations. Listening to our guests is central to who we are and how we grow our brand. And we took the right step of pausing on sales and look forward to reintroducing the fabric in the future. This decision had a negligible impact on our performance in this quarter. I'd now like to spend a few minutes speaking about our recent brand campaigns and activations. Increasing brand awareness and consideration remains one of our single biggest opportunities in almost every market in which we operate. So let me highlight a few examples now. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to offer many benefits to members of our free essentials program. In early June, we hosted a members only weekend at Peloton Studios, New York. This exclusive sold out event featured live classes, a 5K run, sessions with our Peloton ambassadors, and a wrap-up party. We also launched partner perks for members. We partnered with 12 brands, including Aura and berries, that offer our members exclusive perks and benefits. And the early feedback from guests has been very positive. These strategies illustrate just a few of the ways we engage with our guests beyond a simple purchase transaction by offering exclusive experiences and benefits and helping them feel their best. All of which drives and deepens loyalty. Our partnership with the Canadian Olympic and Paralympic teams came to life with the games in Paris and continues for the next several days during the Paralympics. As a Canadian, I'm incredibly proud of our athletes and how our brand showed up during the games. Through our partnership, we outfit athletes for their off field activities, and the Lululemon brand clearly benefit from the podium time the team achieved and the exposure during the opening and closing ceremonies. We further leveraged our partnership with a popup shop in Canada House and by offering our Team Canada collection in our nearby stores in Paris, across Canada, in both stores and e-commerce and in the U.S. through our e-commerce channel. This partnership is a great example of how we are elevating the lululemon brand on the world stage by associating with lead athletes, gaining significant earned media, and growing brand awareness globally. Another area of focus for us is back to school. Bringing younger guests, and particularly men into the brand remains an opportunity as we increase awareness regarding the versatility of our merchandise and the breadth of our offering. Football players DK Metcalf and Odell Beckham Jr. starred in this year's campaign in North America, and it features our loungewear offering for both men and women and our Cityverse sneaker. Before I hand it over to Megan to discuss our financials, let me share our high level thinking on our guidance for the remainder of the year. For quarter three and the full-year, excluding the 53rd week, we expect revenue growth of 6% to 7%, relatively in line with quarter two performance. Our full-year revenue guidance acknowledges the uncertainty around the shorter holiday shopping season and the U.S. election in quarter four. Our teams remain focused on the actions I detailed for you. We plan for our penetration of newness to improve in the second-half of 2024, and we expect to be back to our historical levels of newness as we start 2025. While you can see our focus on the U.S., other aspects of our business remain strong, and we are committed to delivering on our Power of Three Times Two target of doubling revenue from $6.25 billion in '21 to $12.5 billion in '26. Using our revised guidance for this year, our three year revenue growth CAGR from '21 through '24 is 19%, ahead of the 15% CAGR we laid out in our plan. I'm excited with our new leadership structure, driving product direction for '25 and our future pipeline of innovation. I feel optimistic we can accelerate growth in our U.S. women's business while continuing to deliver strong performance in men's and international. Meghan, over to you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. While revenue in Q2 remained strong in all of our international regions in Canada, the U.S. business was softer for the reasons Calvin just detailed. Earnings per share exceeded our expectations, driven predominantly by strong gross margin. Markdowns were flat versus the prior year and better than expected. And when looking at expenses, we continue to manage the business prudently while protecting key investments for the long term. Let me now share the details of Q2 performance. For Q2, total net revenue rose 7% to $2.4 billion and constant dollar comparable sales increased 3%. Within our regions, results were as follows: Americas revenue increased 1% or 2% in constant currency, comparable sales declined 2%; China Mainland revenue increased 34% or 37% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing 23%; and in our Rest of World segment, revenue grew by 24% or 27% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing by 20%. In our store channel, total sales increased 11%, and we ended the quarter with 721 stores globally. Square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 49 net new lululemon stores since Q2 of 2023. During the quarter, we opened 10 net new stores and completed 6 optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues increased 2% and contributed $900 million of top line or 38% of total revenue. And by category, men's revenue increased 11% versus last year and women's increased 6%, while accessories grew 7%. Gross profit for the second quarter was $1.4 billion or 59.6% of net revenue compared to 58.8% of net revenue in Q2 2023. The gross profit rate in Q2 increased 80 basis points, significantly better than our guidance and was driven primarily by the following: a 130 basis point increase in product margin, driven primarily by favorable IMU from lower product costs, markdowns were flat year-over-year and better than expected; 30 basis points of net deleverage on fixed costs and 20 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. I would also note that our pause on the sale of Breathe Through had a negligible impact on gross margin in the quarter. Relative to our guidance, which was a decline in gross margin of 100 to 110 basis points, the upside was driven predominantly by prudent management of fixed expenses within gross margin, favorable mix and lower-than-expected markdowns. Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded and prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $872 million or 36.8% of net revenue compared to 37% of net revenue for the same period last year. Foreign exchange contributed 10 basis points of deleverage. Overall, the 20 basis points of leverage in the quarter was below our guidance of 40 to 60 basis points and resulted from the lower-than-expected top line. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $540 million or 22.8% of net revenue compared to 21.7% of net revenue in Q2 2023. Tax expense for the quarter was $165.3 million or 29.6% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.8% a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $393 million or $3.15 per diluted share compared to $2.68 for the second quarter of 2023. Capital expenditures were approximately $145 million for the quarter compared to approximately $146 million in the second quarter last year. Q2 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory declined 14%, in line with our expectations with units declining in the mid-single-digit range. We repurchased nearly 1.9 million in shares in Q2 at an average price of $310. Year-to-date, we've repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of stock. Share repurchases remain our preferred method to return cash to shareholders. And currently, we have approximately $1 billion remaining on our repurchase program. Let me now share our detailed guidance outlook for the remainder of the year. At the highest level, we are assuming that revenue trends in the second half of the year remained fairly consistent with Q2, when excluding the 53rd week and the impact of a shorter holiday shopping season in Q4. I would also note that our pause on the sale of Breathe Through had a negligible impact on our revenue and gross margin guidance for the year. We feel optimistic with the work our teams are doing to improve the newness we offer within our U.S. women's assortment. So we continue to acknowledge uncertainties in the macro environment and plan the business prudently. Starting with the full-year 2024. We now expect revenue to be in the range $10.375 billion to $10.475 billion. This range represents growth of 8% to 9% relative to 2023. Excluding the 53rd week that we have in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect revenue to grow 6% to 7%. Also relating to Q4, we are assuming a negative impact of approximately 3 percentage points resulting from a shorter holiday shopping season relative to last year. We continue to expect to open 35 to 40 net new company-operated stores in 2024 and complete approximately 40 co-located optimization. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low double digits. Our new store openings in 2024 will include five to 10 stores in the Americas with the rest in our international markets, primarily in China Mainland. For the full-year, we now expect gross margin to be approximately 20 basis points below our adjusted gross margin in 2023, due prominently to deleverage on fixed costs associated with lower forecasted sales and an increase in freight costs relative to our prior estimates. We continue to expect markdowns to be relatively flat with last year. Turning now to SG&A for the full-year. We now expect it to be approximately flat versus 2023. We are prudently managing our expenses while continuing to invest strategically into our Power of Three x2 roadmap, including investments in marketing and brand building and at increasing our awareness and acquiring new guests, investments to support our international growth and market expansion and continued investment in technology infrastructure and data analytics capabilities. When looking at operating margin for the full year 2024, we now expect a decrease of 10 to 20 basis points versus adjusted operating margin in 2023, which expanded 110 basis points versus 2022. For the full-year 2024, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. For the fiscal year 2024, we now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $13.95 to $14.15 versus adjusted EPS of $12.77 in 2023. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases but does include the impact of our repurchases year-to-date. From looking at inventory, we expect dollar inventory to increase in the mid-teens in Q3 as we begin to anniversary last year's decline. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2024. This spend relates to investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Shifting now to Q3. We expect revenue in the range of $2.34 billion to $2.365 billion, representing growth of 6% to 7%. We expect to open 14 net new company-operated stores in Q3. We expect gross margin in Q3 to decrease 50 to 60 basis points relative to Q3 2023. The decrease will be driven predominantly by deleverage on fixed costs and our ongoing investment in our multiyear distribution center project. We expect product margin to be relatively flat with last year, inclusive of approximately 60 basis points of higher freight costs. We expect markdowns to be relatively flat with Q3 2023. In Q3, we expect our SG&A rate to leverage by 40 to 50 basis points relative to Q3 2023. This will be driven predominantly by leverage on top line and ongoing prudent expense management. When looking at operating margin for Q3, we expect deleverage of approximately 10 to 20 basis points. Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $2.68 to $2.73 versus adjusted EPS of $2.53 a year ago. We expect our effective tax rate in Q3 to be approximately 30%. And with that, I will turn it back over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. lululemon remains a strong and healthy brand, and we have shown our ability to responsibly manage the business while seizing the many growth opportunities in front of us. We have a strong track record and we will continue to work to deliver for our shareholders, for our employees and for our guests. Challenges are a natural part of accelerated growth, and I feel confident about emerging stronger from this period as we innovate for and inspire our guests. In closing, I want to thank our leaders and our people for their passion and dedication to our brand and our business, both during this past quarter and with all bets ahead. Thank you for joining us today. We will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. And I appreciate all the color, Calvin. Maybe larger picture, what do you see as the revenue growth algorithm in North America once the dust settles, and I think you talked about color sizing, some near-term execution. And I think you cited all of this as more or less optimal on the women's side by the spring. So maybe what do you see as the right revenue growth algorithm in North America once the dust is settled? And then what guardrails have you put into place to drive greater consistency over time in the region?
Meghan Frank: Matt. So in terms of how we view North America growth over time, we're still committed to our Power of Three x2 plan, which had North America low double-digit growth. What I would share where -- it's too soon to put a fine point on 2025. But what I would share is that we'll obviously be up against an easier comparison this year. And we still are excited about the long-term growth opportunity we have in that market, particularly in terms of U.S. in terms of brand awareness. So we have continue to protect investments that are aimed at building into that long-term opportunity.
Calvin McDonald: Yes, Matt, in terms of the second part, the new product or organization definitely sets a new balance between, as I mentioned, design and merchandising, which is going to lead to more creative conversations and outcomes. And I've been in these meetings with the teams and already, we're seeing the benefit of the new working relationships. And definitely clarity around the ratio of newness tied to our product plans are a key part of that conversation and excited about the road map ahead to deliver on those. And the opportunities we see in product and delivering on our guest needs.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then Meghan, maybe just a follow-up. If you could just speak to your comfort with inventory on hand today exiting the quarter. And maybe just touch on markdowns relative to plan in the second quarter or any change for the back half?
Meghan Frank: So in terms of inventory, we came in with inventory down 14%. It was in line with expectations. And just a reminder, we're lapping some increases the last couple of years in terms of inventory, with turns still slightly slower than history. As we move into the second half of the year, we do expect inventory to be in the mid-teens at the end of Q3 and a similar growth rate, slightly higher as we end the year. I would say in terms of comfort with inventory, pleased with where we came in, in line with expectations. The opportunity would be in composition and that mixture that Calvin described in terms of newness, which the team is adjusting now. And then in terms of markdowns, we did come in favorable relative to our expectations in Q2. So we did expect to see markdowns similar -- slightly below what we saw in Q1. We were up 50 basis points year-over-year in Q1. We expected slightly lower in Q2. We did come in flat year-over-year. And that was really driven by strong sell-throughs on seasonal, which is where we really take markdowns just to clear seasonal goods. When we look at the second half of the year, Q3 markdowns, I'd expect relatively in line with last year and then Q4 slightly under last year, and we're still expecting flat markdowns for the full year.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Thanks a lot for taking the question. Just on the revised full year guidance and where it's coming out of, it feels like that's mostly concentrated in the fourth quarter. Is that right? Or did your view on the third quarter change as well? And if you could just walk us through the puts and takes for looks like almost a $0.50 reduction, that would be very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Alex. I would say the -- our view on the relationship between Q3 and Q4 have not changed. I would say we are guiding the second half in line essentially with the trend we're seeing in Q2. Q4 is adjusted for the shorter holiday selling period and days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, which we estimate at about a three point impact as well as the macroeconomic environment and the election in Q4. So the relationship with the two quarters has not changed, but we have lowered our outlook on the aggregate water line for the second half.
Alex Straton: Got it. Maybe just one for Calvin. How much do you attribute sort of the revenue shortcoming in the quarter versus your expectation to like your own mistakes versus the macro, there's been a lot of discussion of kind of a weakening consumer. So just curious your thoughts on that.
Calvin McDonald: I definitely see this as an opportunity based on decisions that we made that are within our control and being addressed. As I alluded to, it's across the globe that really is focused to our U.S. women's business and the gap in newness that we brought across color, print and silhouettes. The newness we had sold very well. Guest was coming in traffic was positive across all channels and the opportunity was in conversion. So I see that as an opportunity that they were there with intent to spend, and there was a noticeable reduction in those historical levels of newness. So those were the product decisions that we made earlier and the new teams in action. And as I alluded to the chase, but definitely, I think majority is within our control.
Alex Straton: Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey guys. Thanks. Can you talk about how the quarter progressed as you move through by region? What the exit rates were? Any comments on quarter-to-date, and are there any pockets of higher inventory. Just curious how you handle the whole Breathe Through, where the product goes, any financial impact on the back half? Thanks.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. So in terms of Q2, our May trend relatively in line with what we experienced in Q1 and then a softer business performance in June and July, with July being slightly above June. We haven't given any color by region within that. But I would say in terms of quarter-to-date, we don't break down quarter-to-date performance by month. But -- and given what we experienced in Q2, the macroeconomic uncertainty in the second half of the year, we feel our guide at 6% to 7% as appropriate at this time. And then in terms of inventory, again, comfortable with the overall level, and Breathe Through, really negligible impact, a small test and learn and not a material financial impact.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, thanks for taking our questions here. I guess maybe one for each, Meghan, can you just walk us through how the mechanics of the P&L work? I know you do a lot of scenario planning that you could keep the EBIT margins for the total company positive while we have this slower near-term run rate in the U.S. And then, Calvin, just some of the comments you made earlier, example -- I'm wondering if you could give us an example of how design and merchandising teams are previously not on that equal footing that you think they are on now and how that impacted the strategy in the consumer's eyes. Maybe just some of what prompted you to make some of the changes in the org chart that you did?
Meghan Frank: So in terms of P&L management, we're obviously closely monitoring business. We do run multiple scenarios. Our intention is to stay agile based on the way business is unfolding. As we're looking at this year and our revenue outlook, we are continuing to invest behind international performance, key to our long-term strategy in an area of our business that's currently performing well. And then as I mentioned, we also do see long-term opportunity. Our outlook has not changed on long-term opportunity in terms of brand awareness globally, but also within North America. So we've continued to protect investments in that long-term brand building. At the same time, we're looking for efficiency opportunities across the P&L and discretionary spend buckets, as well as slowing down where that makes sense in terms of our capabilities, road mapping go forward, all in line with our Power of Three times Two plan. So feel like we're well positioned as we navigate this year with the right balance of navigating the short term while protecting investments in our long-term.
Calvin McDonald: And Michael, in terms of your question, as you know, the previous structure, both design and merchandising rolled up to a single leader. And that product organization had served us well as a high-growth company. We have a 24% CAGR over the last five years, from '18 to '23 to $10 billion in revenue. But as we look forward, we saw it as an opportunity to reset and take a different approach. And what the new org does by having a stronger balance between design and merch, which will lead to more creative conversations and outcomes and in those conversations and the meetings I will have. So where am I seeing the difference in balance? You will see it executed in creation of some product, challenging of the ratio between newness and core in the assortment and just the relationship between those two teams in terms of what's being created and how we're mixing it into the assortment and then bringing to market. So also with this change, we're seeing a much tighter relationship in the brand/marketing organization with merchandising, which is really the whole sell side of the business being under one leader where before it was a hand off. Those conversations are happening much sooner and aligned in terms of where we see the opportunity, aligning it to what we're buying deep into and then creating plans for that demand creation earlier in the process. So I think there's really 3 benefits that are coming out of it on the brand to merchandising sell side as well as design and seeing it in terms of just the creation of product and that ratio mix across the assortment that the guest has been looking for and excited to bring.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Thanks a lot for all the information. I appreciate guys.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Janine Stichter with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. A couple of questions on the product innovation for the back half. I guess first on Breathe Through, it seems to us that the consumer really likes the fabric. They just weren't in love with the fit. What's the time line for getting that back with some new fits and silhouettes? And then any parameters you can help provide around some of these new launches coming in the back half. It seems like the launch in training, it seems like that will be pretty big. Just how to think about that in terms of the size and potential impact?
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Janine. In terms of Breathe Through and the fabric, you're right. We're really excited about the guest response, not just in North America, but actually internationally, in particular, in our APAC market, where this fabric was really designed, as I shared, for hot yoga, but we see it as versatility in high humid environment for a variety of activities. So it is a very unique, exciting new fabric for us and the teams in work to bring it back in either a style that the guest already knows with the new fabric versus the sharper design lines that it was introduced in. So we got the read we wanted in that the fabric, which is the real innovation behind it, landed and resonated very well. And they're working on being able to bring that back to market. You won't see it in '24 and not calling it for '25, but know that that's a prior to the team, but they're equally looking on all the other innovation and creating as well. So you alluded to a lot is happening within our training category. We have the Wunder Under, which is a known silhouette style that we're bringing with some new fabrics that we're excited about. We do have a new performance trained legging coming at the end of the year, which equally is innovative, and we'll get a read on it. But as I shared, we introduced these. We adjust. It is a new innovation in fabric. We're very excited about it, and we'll get the guests' read, but we'll introduce that. And then we have some seasonal updates, which is a big part of the newness, which has been missing in the first half, is newness on our core styles that the guests resonate so much with. And we're seeing a lot of seasonal updates to our number one franchise being in line. So there's a lot of newness coming in as well as innovation on top of some known silhouettes and franchises that we're excited about.
Janine Stichter: Thanks for the color. And best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks, good afternoon. I know you said that it won't be until spring 2025 to get back to the historic levels of newness. But can you ramp that at all in the second half by accelerating orders? And does the guidance include any benefit from accelerating newness in the women's assortment in the coming quarters?
Calvin McDonald: In terms of the action plan that we put in place and the teams have been working on that as I alluded to, I think coming out of Q1, we saw some opportunity. The learning in Q2 was the missed opportunity in silhouettes, which was new news for us as we continue to analyze the business. And the teams through that action plan of chase has been pulling forward and going into deeper on inventory that had been purchased that we're seeing the guests respond well to as well as fast tracking some designs. The chasing into will sequentially get stronger, and we will see that improve through Q3 into Q4. As I alluded to, I think spring '25, we know we'll be at our historical levels of newness as a mix of assortment and it will sequentially get better through the back half of this year, and I'll let Meghan speak in terms of the tie to guidance.
Meghan Frank: So in terms of guidance, we did guide the second half in line with Q2 when adjusting for that shorter holiday selling period. So I would say we don't have any meaningful impact from newness in the second half of the year.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Hi, as you think about your inventory positioning for the back half of the year, how do you break apart the third quarter and the fourth quarter? And with the Breathe Through, which was a small launch that you talked about, Calvin, is there any markdowns or any resets on the inventory numbers or gross margin impact of taking that down and eliminating it? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So in terms of inventory in Q3, we're expecting a mid-teens increase in Q4 at or slightly above that level and feel well positioned as we move into the second half of the year. As Calvin mentioned, we will be ramping newness as we move throughout that second half period and be back at historical levels by spring 2025. In terms of Breathe Through, is a very small test and learn. So an immaterial negligible impact on both Q2 and then our guidance for the balance of the year. So nothing notable there.
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon. And thank you for taking our question. Calvin, I was hoping you could speak to the trends that you saw in your U.S. women's business by demographic or consumer type. Has the change in conversion that you've seen year-to-date over indexed to any one age group or household income? And as you look to increase the level of newness over the next few quarters, do you see any specific opportunities to adapt your marketing and membership organization to better serve customers by demographic?
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. In terms of the guest profile, nothing meaningful in that we continue to grow our new guest base and continue to do it across the age demographics that we have been growing. What we did see in the conversion missed opportunity, a lot was with our existing guests across those age demographics where the guest who knows our brand, who's come in and was looking for that newness to add to their already owned collection of lululemon and the gap in newness on color of those core items, on pattern and trim, newness to those core items or to some of the new silhouettes that we just add and introduced around to style around those core, those gaps is where we saw that missed opportunity. So she's still spending, visiting we just missed the opportunity in that full conversion from what we've seen and directly linked to decisions we made and missed in that newness and opportunity, but still growing on the gas base, still growing across the age demographic and as I alluded to an opportunity. Going forward, from a marketing perspective, because we still see very good engagement, low unaided awareness. We're definitely marketing and continue to go after that. And as the product mix gets stronger in our women's as a percentage of newness, we know that conversion is what we'll be looking at and engaging that guest in terms of their spend. But I alluded to the current men's campaign or lounge campaign, really, it's for both him and her. We're very pleased with the early results. It starts to really increase in terms of exposure in through September. But early indication, particular in men's where we have those new franchises of soft jersey, smooth cover, steady state. He's responding very well to it. So we're going to continue to drive top-of-funnel drive an unaided brand awareness. And we know that the strength of bringing in the newness will be the biggest lever for us, and we'll continue to increase that throughout the back half of this year and into next.
Brooke Roach: Okay. Thanks so much. I will pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. Please go ahead.
Mark Altschwager: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I was hoping if you could provide a bit more perspective on China. Clearly, some -- still very strong growth rates there. But I think about a 10-point comp slowdown against an easier comparison. How should we think about sustainable comp growth rates there? I think others have talked about some more macro consumer pressure because you're feeling that as well. Any color on what's going on in stores and digital, maybe just more broadly, how you're planning comp growth by region for the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So we did still see very strong growth in China in Q2, so up 37% on a constant currency basis. The variance between Q1 and Q2 growth rates, the biggest factor would have been the shift in Chinese New Year. So we had that in Q1 2024. In 2022, it was in Q4, so it's not comparable. So really healthy growth there across both channels. And we haven't broken out our forward-looking guide by region, but I would say still outsized growth in international and China being the key driver there.
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just add, we remain excited about the potential for lululemon in Mainland China. While we're keeping an eye on the macro environment in the region, our business remains strong. And we believe several factors will continue to benefit us. One, it is still a small size relative to the market with a store base of 132 on the Mainland at the end of the quarter. We take a very localized approach to the brand, building relationships through local fitness instructors, influencers, some very unique events that are building awareness in the community on the back of our unique positioning, grounded in wellness and the positioning of the product. So we're monitoring it, have not seen any material impact to the business. And I do believe it's because we're very early in our growth there and see a lot of continuous success across the Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities where we've been opening, testing and seeing very good response.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good afternoon. A question on the performance of core products. You called out a lack of inventory for certain styles and sizes entering the year, did the same headwinds intensify in the second quarter or did you see new headwinds related to other products? Just some clarity there would be great. And then secondly, you're seeing -- still seeing good growth for accessories. How should we think about the outlook there?
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Rick. In terms of the shift from Q1 to Q2 and learning, color, print and pattern continues to be an opportunity for us. And we think of those through a couple of ways in which we execute it. One is core styles and adding it through updates through color, print, silhouettes, fabric extensions. That has been a great driver for us to keep our guests engaged and keep adding to the lululemon products for them as well as seasonal new silhouettes and styles. And I would say the shift from Q1 to Q2 is -- the gap in that as a percentage historically was greater in Q2 than in Q1 and was really the notable difference between the two quarters. Sorry, Rick. And on accessories, I think we've chatted about this before, Everywhere Belt Bag was a very strong driver for us in the last few years. And we've cycled over some of the peaks of that volume, but it continues to be a big driver. And as you mentioned, overall accessories in the quarter grew 7%, and the team continues to introduce new styles, both within the Everywhere Belt Bag franchise but new styles from our backpack collection to some travel bags to totes to the cactus leather introduction this week that the guests responded very well too. So we continue to be very excited about our accessories business. It's small percentage of our overall mix at 10, but definitely a significant opportunity. We're about 1% of market share, and we see opportunity to continue to grow that meaningfully moving forward. And the team is doing it through creating very innovative products and the guests continue to respond very well to it in North America as well as globally. So excited about the product creation and what's coming.
Rick Patel: Great. Thank you.
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: The last question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Meghan, I think a big fear of price into the valuation of the company right now is the gross margin rate has peaked and your SG&A rate may need to move higher. How would you address those fears given the competitive environment in the category right now?
Meghan Frank: Yes, so I think we continue to see strength in both gross margin and SG&A. This year with our revenue growth guide at 8% to 9% and then 6% to 7%, excluding the 53rd week, we're still delivering gross margin relatively in line with 2023 and as well as approximately flat SG&A. Our operating margin still very strong, 100 basis points above our 2020 results after two years. So we're really focused on driving into that bottom line and optimizing the bottom line. We're still committed to our Power of Three times Two plan for modest operating margin expansion over the five-year period. I think too soon to put a fine point on the outer years, but certainly have runway in front of us in terms of, most importantly, revenue, but also looking at growth and efficiencies across our P&L, and we'll continue to keep you updated.
John Kernan: Understood. And then Calvin, maybe a follow-up for you. Has your core customer and women's changed over the years? It seems like it's a more diverse cohort. Are they more challenging to plan and allocate for in terms of sizing and color and what are you learning surrounding some of the new customers you've acquired?
Calvin McDonald: Yes, we continue to acquire across all of our -- if you want to slice it through age demographic, I think I've mentioned in the past across different age demographics, we continue to acquire new guests across all of them. Alluded to the shift in our sizing profile earlier. I think the team is doing a good job in adjusting to that. We saw improvements through Q2 and really are entering Q3 with a better mix of sizing across our profile. We're going to continue to adjust. But I wouldn't say there's any macro shift that we're behind on now, and we continue to recruit and acquire guests across that, which means really across the age and the size profile.
John Kernan: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-06-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. First Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead.
Howard Tubin: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present GAAP and both non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the first quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for one hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'm happy to be here to discuss our quarter one results. As you've seen from our press release, our revenue growth was modestly ahead of our expectations, while EPS came in even stronger. On today's call, I'll share some highlights regarding our performance in quarter one, including my perspective on our U.S. business and what our teams have been working on. Next, I'll speak to the recent departure of our Chief Product Officer and the opportunities our new structure unlocks for us. Then I'll provide some details on our product innovations and brand activation. In addition, Meghan will review our financials, and we will close out our time today by taking your questions. So let's get started. In the first quarter, total revenue increased 10%, or 11% in constant currency. By region, we saw continued strong momentum in our international business with revenue in China Mainland up 52% and rest of the world up 30%, both in constant currency. In the Americas, revenue increased 4% in constant currency with Canada up 12% and the U.S. up 2%. By merchandise category, women's increased 10%, men's increased 15%, and accessories remains positive and up 2%, which is impressive given the exceptionally strong performance last year. Earnings per share were $2.54 versus EPS of $2.28 in quarter one last year. In addition, we repurchased nearly $300 million of stock in quarter one, an additional $230 million in the second quarter thus far, and our board recently increased our authorization by $1 billion, bringing our capacity to repurchase shares up to approximately $1.7 billion. As you can see, our business remains strong and our brand continues to resonate with guests around the world. We are engaging with them through our unique and compelling activations and brand campaigns, and we continue to drive the business with new product innovations. Let me now share some additional quarter one details by region. As I mentioned, our business remains strong in every international market in which we operate as our brand is resonating with guests across regions and geographies. Our approach to growth follows the model we've implemented so successfully in North America and includes omnichannel distribution via highly productive stores and e-commerce sites, a product assortment which offers technical and versatile styles and is frequently updated with new innovations to enable our guests to sweat in any way they choose and a unique and compelling approach to building brand awareness, which includes local activations as well as larger-scale brand campaigns. Our international business remains under-penetrated and continues to represent a significant growth opportunity. For the full year 2023, international was only 21% of our business, and over the long run, I see the potential for it to grow to 50% as we continue to expand our presence outside of North America. Shifting now to the U.S. As we mentioned on our last call, we've seen a slower start to the year due to several internal factors, including missed opportunity in women's and bags, which we are actively addressing, and some ongoing choppiness in the consumer environment. Our men's business has maintained its momentum, driven by strong guest response to our innovations across performance, lounge, and our ABC franchise. Our market share gains were strong in men's in quarter one, and with unaided brand awareness of less than 20% in the U.S., our opportunity to continue to grow this business remains significant. When looking at women's, we did not maximize the business in the U.S., which was the result of several missed opportunities, including a color palette and our core assortment, particularly in leggings, that was too narrow. Where we had color, guests responded well, we just needed more as they are looking for additional choices. And we are also out of stock in some of our smaller sizes. And in addition, we saw a fantastic guest response to our newer styles of bags such as the two-tone tote, but did not buy these styles with enough depth to fully capture the demand. Meghan will share our guidance with you later in the call, but as you've seen, we are maintaining our revenue guidance for the year. In quarter two, we expect revenue growth of 9% to 10%, roughly in line with our quarter one growth rate. Our guidance for the full year continues to call for revenue growth of 10% to 11%, excluding the 53rd week, and includes a modest step-up in the second-half. In summary, we are moving in the right direction and understand the root cause of the issues. And with the lead times, we expect to be in a more optimal inventory position in the second-half of 2024. In addition, our upcoming product launches and innovation flows, which I'll speak to shortly, are skewed toward the back half of the year, which is another reason for our optimism. Looking out further, our growth opportunities in the U.S. remain compelling. Our unaided brand awareness is only in the low-30s. Using our unique approach, which combines local engagement, community activations, and larger scale brand campaigns, we continue to have a significant runway to introduce new guests to lululemon and drive them to our stores and e-commerce sites. We are just beginning to leverage the power of our membership program, which now has approximately 20 million members in North America. By offering benefits like early access to product and invitations to exclusive events, we are increasing our member base and powerfully engaging with them, which will ultimately drive both spend and long-term value. Our stores remain highly productive with new locations performing well, and we continue to be pleased with our store optimization program. As a reminder, in 2024, our plan calls for five to 10 new store openings and 15 to 20 optimizations. Looking beyond 2024, our real estate opportunities in the U.S. remain significant, and our plans include continuing both of our new store opening program and our optimization strategy. And we continue to gain market share with outsized strength in men's where we outpaced the overall market in quarter one. Now let me speak about product innovation and some of the current shifts we recently announced within our organizational structure. As you know, our Chief Product Officer, Sun Choe, recently decided to leave lululemon to take a job elsewhere in the industry. Sun and I had been in regular conversations, so I understood her personal and career goals. We regularly update our succession plans, which allowed us to seamlessly step into our new plan leadership structure. I'm excited about how the new structure will bring new perspectives, curiosity, and leadership across our product teams. This approach will drive several meaningful benefits in the near and long term, including increasing our speed of innovation, stimulating creativity, and enhancing team accountability around product flows and assortment. We have a strong and dynamic product team led by Jonathan Cheung, our Global Creative Director, who now reports to me, and Liz Binder, our Chief Merchandising Officer, who now reports to Nikki Neuburger, as she steps into her expanded role as Chief Brand and Product Activation Officer. Jonathan, Liz, and the entire product team will continue to drive innovation, design technical product that looks great, and solve for the unmet needs of our guests. And under Nikki's proven leadership, the merchant and the brand teams will be more fully integrated, which will streamline decision-making and ensure we show up powerfully and consistently for our guests across all markets. All of this is intended to speed the ideation process with regard to product storytelling and further improve our speed-to-market. And these shifts will help maintain and enhance our pipeline of innovation. I want to now share several recent and upcoming product launches that continue to show our team's ability to create compelling product. In quarter one, in women's, our guests continued to respond very well to our key second-layer franchises, including Define, Scuba, and Softstreme. In addition, we continued to see strength in bottoms led by bike shorts and our away from body styles. Looking forward, we're on track to bring significant innovation into our assortment beginning the end of quarter two and into the second-half of the year. Within women's, we have some exciting new launches planned within our leggings assortment. These include a new innovation designed for hot, low-impact workouts, and made from a new performance fabric, one of our quickest drawing and lightest weight to date. And later in the year, we'll launch another new type, our most versatile swimsuit line, providing a completely different feel state, which will bring newness and innovation into our train assortment. The upcoming newness in leggings is a perfect example of how we continue to bring innovation into our core categories where we already have significant strength. Our teams continue to expand our product offerings with new technical solutions, and I'm excited for you to see these new styles. Let's now take a look at men's. In quarter one, we continued to see strong response to our lounge offering, including steady state and soft jersey. In addition, we recently launched a Smooth Spacer hoodie, which provides a cooling sensation and is a great recovery piece to wear home after a workout. We are pleased with the variety of and performance of our lounge offerings. We plan to fuel this strength by building our inventory levels and expanding the silhouettes offered in all three of these collections for fall. On the technical side of men's, we continued to see great response to our Pace Breaker and Zeroed In franchises, both of which we will expand later this year. Zeroed In is following in the footsteps of our other key technical styles for men and is quickly becoming a top performer in train. I also want to mention our new Show Zero technology, which we just launched in men's polo shirts. This fabric uses innovative construction to hide the appearance of sweat on the outside of the shirt. These polos are highly versatile and can be worn on the golf course to the office or many other occasions. And in footwear, our new cityverse style has done extremely well, particularly in men's where demand has exceeded our expectations. These are just the latest examples of the disruptive innovations we are known for and will continue to create. Shifting now to brand awareness. As you know, our unaided brand awareness remains low in every country where we operate, except our home market of Canada. We will continue to activate across our grassroots and global platforms to increase awareness and bring new guests into the lululemon brand. Let me share just a few examples. In quarter one, we held several successful earned media activations, including launching our new cityverse and Beyondfeel footwear styles in New York, hosting our further women's Ultramarathon event near Palm Springs, California, and unveiling our kit for the Canadian Olympic and Paralympic Athletes in Toronto. In quarter two, we will again host our successful Summer Sweat Games in China while also bringing a version of this event to our Essentials members in North America with our Membership Summer Series. And in quarter three, we'll strategically test TV again with another men's campaign. Building on the success of last year's campaign, this year's spot will focus on men and feature some high-profile personalities. Before I hand it over to Meghan to discuss our financials and guidance outlook, I'd like to share some additional thoughts about the rest of the year. Our pipeline of innovation and our launch cadence for the second-half of 2024 is particularly strong. In the U.S., our teams have been making the appropriate adjustments in closing the inventory gaps in terms of color and sizing. Our brand awareness remains low but is growing and our store productivity remains among the best in the industry. We continue to engage with our guests in unique and compelling ways and inspire them with our differentiated product innovations. I'm optimistic with regards to our performance in the second-half of the year and beyond as we continue to execute well against our Power of Three times 2 goal of doubling our revenue in five years. Meghan, over to you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. Our Q1 results exceeded our expectations, driven by above-plan performance across the key areas of our P&L. Our business remained strong in our international regions in Canada, and in the U.S., we've seen a slower start to the year in line with our expectations. As you've seen in our press release, we're maintaining our revenue guidance for the year, while increasing our EPS guidance. This reflects our optimism in our plans and strategies for 2024, many of which you just heard Calvin speak about. In addition, we continue to plan for multiple scenarios and manage our business to protect against downside. Before sharing the details of our Q1 performance and our guidance outlook, let me provide a quick update on our Mexico operations. In May, we signed an agreement with our franchise partners to acquire their lululemon Mexico operations in the 15 retail locations they currently operate. Our partner has built an incredible foundation for our brand in Mexico, and our acquisition will allow us to more efficiently continue to expand, grow our community, and enhance the guest experience. We are acquiring the business for approximately $160 million in cash, and the deal is expected to close in the next several weeks subject to customary closing conditions. From a P&L standpoint, we expect the transaction to have an immaterial impact on our financial results for the fiscal year 2024. Let me now share the details of our Q1 performance. For Q1, total net revenue rose 10% to $2.2 billion and comparable sales increased 7%. Within our regions, the results were as follows. Americas revenue increased 3% on a reported basis, or 4% in constant currency, with comparable sales flat. China Mainland revenue increased 45% on a reported basis, or 52% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing 33%. And in our Rest of World segment, revenue grew by 27% on a reported basis or 30% in constant currency, with comparable sales increasing by 26%. In our store channel, total sales increased 12%. We ended the quarter with 711 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 49 net-new lululemon stores since Q1 of 2023. During the quarter, we completed three optimizations. In our digital channel, revenue increased 8% and contributed $906 million of top-line, or 41% of total revenue. By category, women's revenue increased by 10% versus last year, men's increased by 15%, and accessories grew 2% on top of a strong 67% last year. Gross profit for the first quarter was $1.28 billion, or 57.7% of net revenue, compared to 57.5% of net revenue in Q1 2023. Our gross margin increased 20 basis points relative to last year and was driven primarily by the following. A 120-basis point increase in overall product margin, driven primarily by lower product costs, lower air freight costs, and lower inventory provisions, offset somewhat by a 50 basis-point increase in markdowns. The 120-basis point increase in-product margin was partially offset by 70 basis points of deleverage on fixed costs and 30 basis points of deleverage on foreign exchange. Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $842 million, or 38.1% of net revenue, compared to 37.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 70 basis points of SG&A deleverage was better than our guidance of 130 basis points to 140 basis points and was driven by timing, slightly better top-line, and prudent management of expenses. Foreign exchange was flat in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was $433 million, or 19.6% of net revenue, compared to operating margin of 20.1% in Q1 2023. Tax expense for the quarter was $134.5 million, or 29.5% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.1% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to a decrease in tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation and an increase in non-deductible expenses in international jurisdictions. Net income for the quarter was $321 million, or $2.54 per diluted share, compared to earnings per diluted share of $2.28 for the first quarter of 2023. Capital expenditures were approximately $131 million for the quarter versus $137 million in Q1 last year. Q1 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth, including our multi-year distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, and technology investments. Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory at the end of Q1 was $1.3 billion. We are pleased with our inventory levels, which declined 15% versus last year. Relative to our expectations, higher revenue and foreign exchange contributed to the decrease. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 751,000 shares at an average price of $395. Year-to-date, we've repurchased approximately $530 million of stock. Share repurchases remain our preferred method to return cash to shareholders, and I'm happy that our board has recently increased our authorization by $1 billion. With this new authorization, we now have approximately $1.7 billion of capacity to continue to buy back our shares. Let me speak now to our guidance outlook. We remain excited with our pipeline of innovation, brand activations and marketing plans for 2024. As it remains early in the year and the consumer environment in the U.S. is dynamic, we continue to be prudent in our planning while also continuing to invest in our strategic roadmap, which will set us up well for both the medium and long term. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect revenue to be in the range of $10.7 billion to $10.8 billion. This range represents growth of 11% to 12% relative to 2023. Excluding the 53rd week that we have in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect revenue to grow 10% to 11%. We continue to expect to open 35 to 40 net-new company-operated stores in 2024 and complete approximately 40 co-located optimizations. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low-double-digits. Our new store openings in 2024 will include five to 10 stores in the Americas with the rest in our international markets, primarily in China Mainland. For the full year, we continue to forecast gross margin to be approximately flat with adjusted gross margin in 2023. Within gross margin, we expect both markdowns in air freight to be relatively flat with last year. Turning now to SG&A for the full year. We continue to forecast leverage of approximately 10 basis points versus 2023. We are prudently managing our expenses while continuing to strategically advance our Power of Three times two road map, with investments in marketing and brand-building aimed at increasing our awareness in acquiring new guests, international growth and market expansion, and technology infrastructure and data analytics capabilities. When looking at operating margin for full year 2024, we continue to expect an increase of approximately 10 basis points versus adjusted operating margin in 2023, which expanded 110 basis points versus 2022. For the full year 2024, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%, an increase over the 2023 adjusted effective rate of 28.7%. The increase relative to last year relates primarily to lower stock-based compensation deductions and the favorable adjustments we realized when filing our tax returns in 2023. For the fiscal year 2024, we now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $14.27 to $14.47 versus adjusted EPS of $12.77 in 2023. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. It does include the impact of our share repurchases year-to-date and also higher forecasted interest income. When looking at inventory, we expect dollar inventory to decline in the mid-teens in Q2 and then increase in the second-half of the year as we anniversary last year's decline. We continue to expect the capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2024. This spend relates to investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multi-year distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Shifting now to Q2. We expect revenue in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.42 billion, representing growth of 9% to 10%. We expect to open 14 net-new company-operated stores in Q2. We expect gross margin in Q2 to decrease 100 basis points to 110 basis points relative to Q2 2023. The decrease will be driven predominantly by deleverage on fixed costs and our ongoing investment in our multi-year distribution center project. We expect product margin to be relatively flat with last year, inclusive of an increase in markdowns, but a smaller increase than we saw in Q1 of this year. In Q2, we expect our SG&A rate to leverage by 40 basis points to 60 basis points relative to Q2 2023. This will be driven predominantly by favorable regional penetration, a shift in timing of spend related to certain brand campaigns from Q2 last year to Q1 this year, and leverage on top-line and ongoing prudent expense management. And looking at operating margin for Q2, we expect a decrease of approximately 50 basis points to 60 basis points relative to last year. However, we continue to expect 10 basis points of operating margin expansion for the full year. Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $2.92 to $2.97 versus EPS of $2.68 a year ago. We expect our effective tax rate in Q2 to be approximately 30%. And with that, I will turn it back over to Calvin.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. In closing, I want to say I am energized by the opportunities in front of us and excited for what the future holds for lululemon. I was in China last week, and when I'm traveling in markets around the world, I see how powerfully our brand resonates across cultures and geographies. While we make some strategic adjustments in the U.S., our leadership team continues to challenge ourselves and our teams by asking how high is high. It's that mentality and passion for our brand that will enable us to navigate the near term as we build towards the long-term opportunities for lululemon that we know exist. In closing, I want to thank the senior leaders of lululemon as well as our teams in every market around the world for your unyielding focus on creating amazing products and experiences for our guests. I look forward to taking your questions now. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking our question. Calvin, you spoke about making some strategic adjustments in the U.S. Can you speak to your confidence in the Lululemon brand and the growth trajectory that you see in the U.S. going forward as well as the timing and magnitude of some of those strategic adjustments that you're making? And then perhaps contextualize the traffic and conversion trends that you saw in your U.S. business as you move throughout the quarter? Thank you very much.
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Brooke. In terms of our excitement and optimism for growth in every market, including the U.S., it remains as strong today as it was at the beginning of this year and obviously coming off of 2023, which was a very strong year for us. In the U.S., in particular, there are a number of areas of growth that we still see that have not changed. Continuing to acquire guests. We have very low unaided brand awareness, as you know, opportunities in categories across the wear occasions as we've tested and moved deeper into performance as well as into lounge and social, our accessories business and our men's. And our store fleet, which is still early in terms of opportunity, not just in expanding as well as optimizing and creating an even better environment for our product and our guests to shop. So in terms of the U.S., nothing has changed from the last few years into 2023 into the first quarter of this year. The opportunity for us when I look at the business is men's has a number of new innovative launches that are resonating and he's responding very well to. In performance with the Zeroed In and continuing the success of the changes from last year on the Pace Breaker into some of the key categories we identified, run, golf, and train, as well into some of the new franchises in the lounge category that we launched, he is responding incredibly well to that. And we saw that in our performance around the globe as well in the U.S. and we saw that in our share performance in the U.S., where we saw outsized gains in men's. In our women's business, we had some missed opportunity, really in our color palette, in particular, in some of the key categories such as our legging business where we didn't have enough color newness. The one color and newness we did have, she responded incredibly well to, but she was looking for more, and our palette that we chose was just more limited than what she was looking for, as well as because of the success in Q4, we came into the year with some missed opportunity across our size profile, particularly our smaller sizes. All of this is within our control, all of this the teams have been chasing, and we expect much of that to be addressed in the second-half of this year, as well as a lot of the newness and innovation we did have planned for this year in our women's business was scheduled more for mid to back half of the year. We have some exciting new innovation coming in our leggings, in particular in the next few weeks. In early July, we'll be launching a new innovation in leggings with a Hudson Yards called Breeze Through. So there were some missed opportunities in women's, but in terms of the health of the brand, the strength and the potential of the growth, nothing has changed. Traffic was positive in the quarter in the U.S. We did see the opportunity in conversion and we attribute that to, as I mentioned, the known missed opportunities as it relates to some missed opportunity in color in our women's business.
Brooke Roach: Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Stratton with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Stratton: Perfect. Thanks for taking the question. I've got one for Calvin and maybe one for Meghan. Maybe, Calvin, just bigger-picture, I feel like we rarely hear of assortment missteps in lulu's history. So kind of what changed, or maybe what do you think provokes that this year? And then bigger-picture maybe for Meghan, China, obviously a key growth area for you all. Can you talk about how the competitive landscape is different or similar? And then how you think about the revenue potential for lulu in that market over time? Thanks a lot.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. On -- in terms of the track record of the team, I agree, we have a very talented a team across the product organization in both design and merchandising. And this was just a quarter where the chosen color palette was more narrow than I think the consumer coming into this year was looking for. We know that the consumer environment remains dynamic with inflation, higher interest rates. So it's weighing on the mind of the consumer and we also know they will spend, but they're being selective. And I think with our color palette, it -- we had opportunity because where we had it, she responded incredibly well. Combined with the success we've seen in growing our guest base and broadening cross sizes, the teams have been chasing into that to determine the go-forward size profile across the sizes and the different styles in both performance, lounge, and social. So I'm confident that those opportunities have been identified. I'm confident when I look to the innovation and the pipeline as well as just how we bring newness to core in the back half of this year and forward that a lot of that learning has been addressed, and we were able to address it and control it.
Meghan Frank: Yes. And thanks, Alex. From a China standpoint, we're very pleased with our business in that market. Continue to see very strong trends in Q1, so plus 52% constant currency China Mainland. And I would say from a competitive landscape, we continue to see strong business on our side. Definitely closely monitoring the environment, but we're really still early in our growth journey there, and no concerns at this point in time.
Alex Stratton: Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So maybe, Calvin, just higher level, or larger picture as we think about the U.S. business. I mean, do you believe anything has structurally changed if we're thinking about on a longer-term horizon? And then on the progression from here, just how best to think about progress to date that you've already made maybe within stock level, sizing and color? And then just the cadence with each of those as well as the product pipeline in the back half of the year? Just anything that you're really excited about that would support the sequential improvement as the year progresses.
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. I'll start with absolutely nothing has changed in terms of the growth potential of this brand, not just internationally across all markets, but in the U.S. As you know, 2023 was a very strong market for us. Quarter four was a very strong quarter for us in the U.S. and have identified some missed opportunities in Q1. We saw success in our men's business where we did bring newness, innovation, color, and we had less of an impact on the size, status, and very pleased with that growth as well as that growth relative to the market and the outsized gains we saw in share. In the accessories business, we know that we're cycling over the success of the Everywhere Belt Bag, which is incredible. It really validates and shows what's possible for our brand in accessories in particular in bags. And although that bag continues to perform well, not quite to the levels of last year, but the team has introduced a number of new styles of bags that the guests responded incredibly well to. We just didn't have the depth of inventory to satisfy the demand that could have offset the -- some of the headwind of the Everywhere Belt Bag success last year. That is something we can control. We know the newness is resonating and the guest is moving beyond just an Everywhere Belt Bag. And we have opportunity and the teams have been chasing into that and expect to be in a better in-stock position in the back half. The Two-Tone bag is a good example of that, sold out almost immediately. We were able to chase, bring some in, offer it as an Essentials member early access. It again sold and did incredibly well and we continue to chase into that. So we have a number of exciting, very successful bags in our accessory business that we are chasing inventory in and excited to see how that will contribute -- continue to contribute to our growth. And then in the women's business, traffic, as I mentioned, was positive, engagement in the brand was positive where we had newness. She engaged incredibly well in some of the new innovation we brought. She continued to perform very well in some of the new activities that we've continued to lean in on, tennis, golf, as well as our position in yoga and train and run have seen strength. We can really attribute the missed opportunity to a handful of categories, leggings in particular, as I've mentioned, and really linked to color and less color than last year, which was a choice in the palette, more narrow and based on where the consumer is this year a missed opportunity for us. But nothing from a brand, from an opportunity to grow unaided awareness, and engagement in the brand has fundamentally shifted and changed. And I remain as optimistic and excited about our growth potential in the U.S. as I am in all of our international markets. And we see that in the performance of this quarter with fantastic growth in Mainland China, strong growth in the rest of the world, how the brand is continuing to grow, continuing to acquire guests and resonate and the uniqueness of our product. And I don't see anybody with product comparable from a from a positioning perspective. So I do believe the differentiation of the brand is the same, and we know what the opportunities are and what we can control. And that's what the teams are focused on, and definitely we'll get stronger as we as we trade through this year.
Matthew Boss: That's great color, Calvin. Meghan, just maybe could you speak to health of current inventory? And then just drivers of markdowns in the first quarter, how best to think about markdowns in the second quarter and the back half of the year?
Meghan Frank: Yes, sure. So inventory, we were down 15% at the end of the quarter. So that was on the lower end of the range that we provided of high-single-digit to low-double-digit decline. And we do expect the second-half inventory will grow year-over-year relatively in line with sales. I would say at this point in time, we're very pleased with the currency and composition of our inventory outside of some of the opportunity areas that Calvin mentioned. So well-positioned there from an overall perspective. In terms of markdowns, we were up 50 basis points year-over-year in Q1. We believe Q2 will be slightly above last year as well, though less than Q1, and we are still expecting essentially flat markdowns for the year. And with that, some of the opportunity areas that Calvin described in terms of color and sizing. And we are continuing to chase into as well as some other items that are working for us for the second-half of the year and we've got some innovation teed up and believe that will drive the gas towards the full-price component of our assortment and a lot markdowns for the year.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Hey, thanks. Congrats on a nice quarter, guys. So maybe I can just continue that last question, Meghan. Could you speak a little bit to your confidence in the sustainability of the product margins in the U.S.? And then I guess, I'd be curious what you think are some of the differences driving the gap in results between Canada and the U.S., a little bit of notable difference there. And then maybe just a little help understanding the U.S. consumer dynamics. Calvin, bigger-picture, how has purchase frequency, UPT, AUR changed, if at all? Looking -- as you look across the cohorts that you acquired pre-COVID, during COVID, after COVID, are there any change in key customer behaviors or KPIs to point out?
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Michael. So in terms of U.S. product margin, I don't see that changing over the long term. We run a highly full-price business. We have no plans to change our strategy there. So I would view some of the current challenges with assortment and slightly higher markdowns as temporary. And then from a Canada to U.S. perspective, the opportunity areas that Calvin outlined in terms of color, sizing were more prominent drivers last year in the U.S. as well as the Everywhere Belt Bag was a more popular item in the U.S. as well. And so that's driving the difference in terms of trend.
Calvin McDonald: And with the consumer, I sort of mentioned that obviously, we're monitoring the environment and it remains dynamic. But we do know that the guest is being more selective, but will spend where they choose. So we believe our product is differentiated in the marketplace, stands out in terms of quality as well as the versatility, which I think is a key element of the product of how it can be worn multiple wear occasions and use cases across either performance activities and/or through social and lounge, which these are unique positions. And the missed opportunity is really what that we did not provide her in terms of the assortment she was looking for in certain areas. Obviously, where we did, she responded incredibly well and he continued to. When I look at the overall mix, nothing really to call out. UPT and AUR, no change, no fundamental shifts and changes there. Really, traffic was positive, as I mentioned. In the quarter, it was conversion that we just saw an opportunity on with guests coming in and either not acquiring as much and/or as they didn't necessarily see the color in that product. But we believe the loyalty and the engagement with our guests over multiple years, which we've continued. And coming off of Q4, this is a very short transition as we course-correct and adjust some of these product opportunities and the teams have been in that work. So nothing that I'm concerned about long term in terms of our ability. We have a very sticky guest. We have a brand that there's a lot of love for and differentiated product. And we know where the opportunity is, and the teams have been chasing that for the back half of this year. So I'm not -- have not seen anything and I'm not concerned with any fundamental shifts in the guest or the guest loyalty or attention with this brand.
Michael Binetti: Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, everyone. A quick question, let's circle back to Matt's question about the markdown. So I just want to make sure I understand, Meghan. So the markdown you guided in three months ago for Q1 was, I believe, flat, and it came in down 50 bps. So I'm kind of curious, number one, what exactly transpired in the quarter kind of drive that? Obviously, you may beat the gross margin line, but that line item, what exactly happened? And then you're maintaining the full year at flat, but you're coming off the Q1 was down and then you're saying Q2 will be down again. So it just feels like now there's a back half like needed ramp-up in markdown versus before there wasn't. So I guess, I'm just trying to understand like the progress of the full-year for the gross margin line as well.
Meghan Frank: Yes. Hi, Ike. So in terms of markdowns for the first quarter. So I would say the challenges we saw with assortment and color and sizing, and in addition to that, the environment, we did see gaps gravitate more towards the markdown proportion of our assortment. So we saw 50 basis points increase. We believe Q2 will be still up to last year, but lower than -- a lower increase than Q1. Q1 is a relatively small portion of our markdowns for the year. So when we think about the full year, we are maintaining that essentially flat markdown rate for the full year, but we would see some opportunity in the second-half just given some of the actions we're taking to correct those pieces of the assortment in terms of the color sizing, and then also some exciting innovation that Calvin spoke to as well as other portions of the assortment that we're chasing into that are working for us today. So feel well-positioned headed into the second-half of the year.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. So it's mainly a function of Q1. This isn't that impactful for the year on the markdown rate?
Meghan Frank: Yes.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. You reiterated your sales guidance for the year, but curious if you've changed your outlook in any of the regions versus how you were thinking at the beginning of the year? And you also talked about there not being any structural differences in the U.S. market, but curious how you'd characterize the competitive landscape near term in 1Q relative to what you saw in the second-half of '23? Any changes in promotional cadence amongst competitors out there that you're paying more attention to? Thanks.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. I would say from a regional and country level. A little bit of feedback. [Technical Difficulty] Sorry about that. So from a regional and country-specific perspective, we have not changed our outlook materially for the balance of the year. I would say the slight Q1 overperformance would have come from international region and primarily China.
Calvin McDonald: Yes, Paul. In terms of the competitive landscape, the second part I'll address first, have not seen anything dramatically different from a promotional intensity perspective. There remains competitors in this space that use promo as a means to drive demand for their product. We've seen that increase over the last few years, but I wouldn't say in this quarter, it's either gone deeper or pulled back. It's sort of the same, which I would say is a heightened level from a few years ago, but nothing dramatic in the quarter. And competition in our space has always been there and been intense, and we've always been able to continue to perform and compete. And nothing has shifted from quarter four and 2023, where we saw our performance in the U.S. be very strong into Q1. And I really therefore point to the missed opportunities that we had versus it being a competitive impact on our business. Our men's business, and there are competitors in the men's space performed very well where we saw the outsized share gains because of the product, the innovation, the newness and the color palette was there. It resonated and very pleased with the success momentum that has continued in that business. I shared the accessories, and the excitement behind the newness, but lack of depth to satisfy the demand. And the mis opportunity in women's, which is really, we control that. It's within our control and we've been chasing it. So competition has always been there. I haven't seen anything dramatically shift and change in the quarter and definitely not from Q4 to Q1 where we had a very strong quarter. And therefore, I really do point to missed opportunities that we that we have.
Operator: The next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good afternoon. I guess I'm curious if you've seen U.S. trends kind of stabilize and become more predictable? And within the women's business, it wasn't clear to me whether you think you lost share within the quarter in the U.S. or whether maybe the whole market was a bit softer for the segment.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Sharon. I would say in terms of U.S. performance, it did come in as we expected in Q1. And so I would say to that from that standpoint, it was in line with our expectations.
Calvin McDonald: And in terms of share, in Q1, we did gain market share in both the U.S. adult apparel industry as well as the U.S. adult active wear industry. We saw outsized gains in men's where we significantly outperformed the overall market. In women's, we were flattish based on the missed opportunities that I identified.
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Calvin and Meghan, as you think about store productivity and levels of new stores in North America, is that changing at all from how you thought about it before? And how are new stores opening? And then lastly, as you think about the men's business, which seems to be growing very strongly, any difference in terms of what you're seeing overseas versus in North America for the men's business? Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. I would say in terms of new store openings, we continue to see opportunity and runway across all of our geographies. In the U.S. specifically, we see sales -- very productive sales per square foot above our average, which is around $1,600 per square foot. We tend to look at new stores as ramping into their full mature volume over a two- to four-year period. I would say we're continuing to see that, and we see ample runway in both the U.S. as well as importantly, our international region.
Calvin McDonald: Hi, Dana. I'll chat with Matt. Just I'll just add in terms of the optimization of our doors around the world, including in the U.S., very excited with the results we see, the percentage of the portfolio that we still have available to be optimized, and obviously the product innovative pipeline that is creating opportunities for these additional categories within that space. And that's markets from APAC to Australia into the U.S. So very excited about how we will continue to invest, optimize, and showcase our product innovation in an even a stronger fashion. In terms of men's, men's globally is performing very strong. Interestingly, it took us a number of years to get to our penetration of the men's business in North America, and we're seeing the international markets get there a lot quicker. So it really earlier on, lululemon is a dual-gender brand in these markets and men are responding to the newness in the product and the innovation globally. In similar fashion, when we see the strength of the ABC, we see the strength of our performance franchises. Interestingly, when we see the success of the new launches, the Zeroed In franchise or the expansion of Pace Breaker are resonating around the globe in all of our markets. So excited to see the growth in men's globally as well as in the U.S.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: And that question is from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on a nice quarter. Calvin, I think I heard you say international potential to reach 50% of sales. How does the complexion of that look on an omnichannel basis and geography basis?
Calvin McDonald: I think from a geography perspective, we haven't broken it out. Obviously, Mainland China, which continues to perform well for us. And we're still early in terms of the potential when we look at the number of doors we have, the potential of store locations, the success of our business online, unaided awareness internationally being as low as it is in every market we're in. So really the growth possibility is on stores. Digital, where we have a different degree of penetration of our digital channel, but I think all markets can be hitting 40%-plus on our digital channel in the years to come as a support and driver of that as we build out our store network and opportunity. The addition of new markets, but we're in the bulk of the right markets that are going to drive fundamentally the majority of that growth across EMEA, APAC, and Mainland China. And we are just so early in that growth that when I look at the performance and the adoption and the reception of the brand, where we are in unaided awareness, where we are in store penetration and growth and that potential, and then look at some competitive other brands and where their ratio is, that's where our aspiration is and see that opportunity. Obviously, not in the current Power of Three times two where, our goal is to quadruple our business again on top of quadrupling it. But there is nothing systemic that's preventing the brand from achieving a 50% international, 50% North America penetration in the future.
John Kernan: That's outstanding. I guess, how should we think about the omnichannel business in the Americas? You've made some big investments in co-located stores, you're still growing square footage in Canada and United States. I guess, how should we think about -- there's a DTC platform with tremendous scale, e-commerce with tremendous scale. How do we think about the balance of stores and e-commerce going forward in North America?
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we haven't put a fine point on stores versus e-comm. What we shared in our current five-year plan is we expected e-comm to grow slightly ahead of our 15% CAGR and stores slightly below. And but we are remaining agile and going to where the guest wants to shop with us. As you mentioned, we've invested in omnichannel capabilities and really look at it as a seamless experience across both. And so see slightly more opportunity in e-commerce over the longer term. And -- but we'll remain agile in how we approach the business.
John Kernan: That's great. Thank you.
Meghan Frank: Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-03-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc. Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.  
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes.  
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.  
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.  
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]  
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our Q4 and full year 2023 results, which represent another solid finish to another strong year for lululemon. We will also discuss our business in Q1 and our outlook for 2024.  
 As you've heard from others in our industry, there has been a shift in the U.S. consumer behavior of late, and we're navigating what has been a slower start to the year in this market. We view this as an opportunity to keep playing offense as we lean into investments that will continue our growth trajectory.  
 Outside the U.S., our business remains strong in all our international markets in Canada. Meghan will take you through our guidance shortly, and I will share with you some of the initiatives that we have planned specifically for the U.S. as well as our overall plans for product and marketing.  
 What you'll hear from me is a message that remains consistent. We have an impressive pipeline of innovation. Our opportunity to increase our brand awareness remains significant. And we will continue to grow and optimize our store base within the Americas and around the world. And we remain ahead of our Power of Three x2 goals.  
 So let's begin. As you read in our press release, our Q4 results, both top and bottom line, exceeded the updated guidance we provided in January. Our growth remained balanced across channels, regions and product categories. And we continue to see strong increase in traffic at our stores and e-commerce sites.  
 In the fourth quarter, total revenue increased 16%. By region, the Americas increased 9%, China Mainland increased 78%, and the rest of the world increased 36%. By merchandise category, women's increased 13%, men's grew 15% and accessories increased 40%. And earnings per share were $5.29 versus adjusted EPS of $4.40 in Q4 last year.  
 When looking at our product performance in Q4, the trends we have seen in the business over the last several quarters continued. We saw strength in key franchises, including, for women: Scuba, Define, Softstreme and Wunder Puff. For men: Steady State, Soft Jersey and ABC as well as License to Train and Pace Breaker. And in accessories, our overall bag assortment continues to perform well.  
 And we continue to build our Essentials membership program in North America, which has now grown to more than 17 million members in the first year. This quarter, we offered them exclusive benefits, including early access to our Black Friday styles, member-only shop nights and invitations to participate in experiences such as our Move for You activation with Peloton at the Mall of America.  
 We remain excited with our membership program as it offers us new ways to engage with our guests and increase both spend and LTV. I'm pleased that we're seeing positive results so far on all of these objectives.  
 Now turning to our full year 2023 results. Revenue increased 19% versus last year to $9.6 billion, with the Americas, up 12%; China Mainland, up 67%; and Rest of World growing 43% versus last year. Adjusted operating margin increased 110 basis points while adjusted earnings per share increased 27% versus 2022.  
 As you know, 2023 was the second full year of our Power of Three x2 growth plan. When looking at these 2 years collectively, I'm pleased that we have grown revenue at a 24% CAGR, fueled by a 44% CAGR in our international regions, expanded our adjusted operating margin by 120 basis points, grown adjusted EPS at a 28% CAGR and continued to gain market share. These results speak to the strength of the lululemon brand in all markets where we operate and illustrate the significant opportunities we have in front of us as we remain in the early innings of our growth story.  
 Let me now speak to quarter 1 of 2024 and what we're seeing in the business. We are pleased that our sales remain strong in most regions across the globe. Consistent with what we've seen from others in the market, the consumer environment in the United States has been somewhat challenging. However, despite the market dynamics, we remain optimistic about our opportunities to grow our business in the U.S. in 2024 and to continue to gain market share. 
 We have robust plans in place to further strengthen our position. We will continue to open and optimize our stores with plans for 5 to 10 new store openings and 15 to 20 optimizations. With U.S. sales per square foot above our overall average of $1,600, our stores remain among the most productive in the industry.  
 In addition, our stores facilitate a direct connection with our guests, help us attract new guests into the brand and act as hubs in our local communities. We will continue to invest into the market to increase our brand awareness as we continue to activate both community-based events and larger brand campaigns.  
 We see other areas within the business to further strengthen our positioning. We are successfully growing our business across all age demographics, including our younger guests. As we have attracted more younger guests into the brand, we have seen strong sell-through of our smaller sizes and our offering of color. 
 We don't yet know how high is high with this demographic, and our teams are chasing into these areas of the assortment so we can better maximize the business. And our product pipeline is compelling, both within the U.S. and across the globe. In fact, 2024 will be another year of significant product innovation. 
 We started the year strong with the launch of our expanded footwear collection in early February. Building on the initial success of our women's line, we hosted a media event in New York City to unveil new styles of both technical and casual footwear, including our first shoes designed for men.  
 Our new styles available for both men and women include the cityverse, designed for all-day comfort and bringing the best of technical performance to a casual sneaker; beyondfeel, a new running shoe that offers superior cushioning, ventilation and support; and beyondfeel trail, our newest road to trail running shoe.  
 We are very pleased with the initial reaction to our new styles. We were seeing a particularly strong response to cityverse from our male guests in North America and in China, and the guest response is exceeding our expectations. Our teams are chasing into this initial strength, and we'll build upon this momentum with additional footwear innovations planned throughout the year.  
 Our strategy with footwear is the same as apparel. We lead with technical innovations that solve for the unmet needs of our guests. We can then leverage our expertise in raw material innovation and technical construction to offer versatile styles designed for everyday use.  
 In addition, within our 2024 product pipeline, we will continue to be a leader in fabric innovation with new fabrics planned within both our yoga and train categories. Also for women, we will continue to maximize our largest franchise, Align, as we explore new silhouettes across both tops and bottoms. And we will continue to expand our popular train franchise, License to Train.  
 On the men's side, this year, we are launching the most innovation I've seen in the last number of years across categories and activities. A few highlights include new fabric innovations within our golf category and continuing to build upon the success of soft jersey with additional styles.  
 Also, we have recently leveraged our iconic Pace Breaker into a complete collection with the launch of a Pace Breaker jacket and pad to bring new solves into the men's run category. Our product and our ability to bring new technical solutions into our assortment on a consistent basis is one of our biggest competitive advantages. 
 I'm excited with the innovations we have on top for 2024, which will continue to enable our guests to sweat in any way they choose. Let me now shift to our brand and marketing strategies. As you know, our brand awareness remains low across most markets, which represents a significant opportunity for us to attract new guests.  
 Starting with our FURTHER event, which began just before International Women's Day and concluded last week. FURTHER was a first-of-its-kind women's ultramarathon in which 10 athletes from our ambassador collective set out to run the furthest distances of their careers. The activation was a huge success as world records were set by athletes wearing our apparel and footwear and is a great example of what makes lululemon unique.  
 For example, how we create authentic community activations like no other brand, which result in increased brand awareness through significant earned and social media attention and also how we continue to innovate with athletes and for athletes and introduce new technical solutions into our assortment. As part of FURTHER, we designed 36 products through a female-first lens, many of which we will introduce into our mainline assortment over the coming seasons.  
 Looking forward, next month in advance of the Paris Olympics and Paralympic Games, we'll be revealing our kit for Team Canada. As you know, in 2021, we announced a multiyear partnership with the Canadian Olympic Committee and the Canadian Paralympic Committee. After our inaugural 2022 Winter Games, we're now set to launch our first Team Canada summer collection, outfitting the athletes and coaches with our product. I've seen what we've created, and it's amazing for both our Olympians and Paralympians.  
 In addition to supporting Canadian athletes, this partnership is another example of lululemon's deep relationships with elite athletes. It showcases our brand on the global stage and is a compelling strategy to grow awareness and bring new guests into the brand. I'd like to spend a moment on the success and growth within our international business. 
 We experienced strength across all of our international markets in Q4, and we expect business to remain robust in 2024. International, which includes our China Mainland and Rest of World segments, continues to be underpenetrated and represents only 21% of our business. We operate a total of 273 stores in all of our international markets combined, which clearly speaks to the opportunity we have ahead of us.  
 In 2024, we'll open approximately 30 stores outside of North America, and we will continue with our strategies to increase our brand awareness. And while not part of the Power of Three x2 growth plan, over the long term, we expect international to represent approximately half of our overall revenue. 
 As you can see, we have many reasons to be optimistic about the future. We entered 2024 from a position of strength. We exceeded our Power of Three x2 revenue target in 2023. And based upon our guidance, we will remain ahead of schedule in 2024. We are excited that our strategies to build brand awareness are working. 
 Over the past year through our strategic investments in brand campaigns and community activations, we have successfully grown our unaided awareness in key markets. The U.S. went from 25% to 31%, and China went from 9% to 14%. We will continue these strategies in 2024. And we will continue to strategically invest across all markets, including the U.S., which will set us up well for this year and beyond.  
 Given we are in the early innings of our growth with low unaided awareness and significant market share potential, all of us on the lululemon leadership team are tremendously excited for what lies ahead for our brand. We are investing for growth with a pipeline of innovation that is full. We are playing offense while many others in our sector are not. And these advantages will further enhance our standing in the marketplace in the U.S. and around the globe.  
 With that, I'll turn it over to Meghan for a review of our financials and our 2024 guidance. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. We closed out 2023 on a strong note, with our Q4 results exceeding the updated guidance we provided in mid-January. As Calvin mentioned, we've seen a slower start to Q1 in the U.S. while we continue to see strength in all other regions. While we navigate the consumer environment in the U.S., we see several opportunities to maximize our performance.  
 Our teams are focused on executing against our strategies and delivering for our guests throughout 2024. As we have always done, we continue to plan for multiple scenarios. We are positioning ourselves to both maximize our performance in the short and long term and manage our business to protect against downside.  
 Before sharing the details of our Q4 performance and our guidance outlook, let me provide an update on our segment reporting. With the evolution of our business, the meaningful opportunity we have in our international regions and our omnichannel operating model, we've changed our reporting segments from channel to geography.  
 In our 2023 10-K, you will see our new segments, which are Americas, China Mainland and Rest of World. In the earnings release and on today's call, we will still provide comparable sales metrics by channel so you'll have the data to close out your models for 2023. However, going forward, we'll be reporting revenue metrics and profit on a regional basis.  
 Let me now share the details of our Q4 performance. For Q4, total net revenue rose 16% to $3.2 billion, and comparable sales increased 12%. Within our regions, results were as follows: Americas revenue increased 9%, with comparable sales increasing 7%. China Mainland revenue increased 78%, with comparable sales increasing 60%. And in our Rest of World segment, revenue grew by 36%, with comparable sales increasing by 31%.  
 In our store channel, total sales increased 15%, with comparable store sales increasing 6%. We ended the quarter with a total of 711 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 15% versus last year, driven by the addition of 56 net new lululemon stores since Q4 of 2022. 
 During the quarter, we opened 25 net new stores and completed 15 optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues increased 17% and contributed $1.7 billion of top line or 52% of total revenue. By category, women's revenue increased by 13% versus last year, men's increased by 15%, and accessories grew 40%.  
 We also experienced ongoing strength in traffic across channels, with stores and e-commerce both increasing by approximately 20%. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $1.9 billion or 59.4% of net revenue compared to the adjusted rate of 57.4% of net revenue in Q4 2022. 
 Our adjusted gross margin increased 200 basis points relative to last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 210 basis point increase in overall product margin, driven primarily by lower air and ocean freight costs as well as lower airfreight usage, offset slightly by 10 basis points of deleverage on foreign exchange. 
 Markdowns in Q4 were relatively flat with last year. Gross margin was favorable to our updated guidance of 120 to 130 basis points, driven predominantly by 40 basis points of leverage on fixed costs, 20 basis points of favorability in product margin driven mostly by lower freight costs and 10 basis points of favorability in FX.  
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $990 million or 30.9% of net revenue compared to 29% of net revenue for the same period last year. 
 The deleverage in SG&A was driven by our continued strategic investments in brand building, technology and foundational infrastructure, in addition to increased depreciation and amortization related to investments made in 2022 and 2023. This was partially offset by savings related to the evolution of our lululemon Studio business model.  
 Foreign exchange contributed 40 basis points to the deleverage in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was $914 million or 28.5% of net revenue compared to an adjusted operating margin of 28.3% in Q4 2022.  
 Tax expense for the quarter was $262 million or 28.1% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.7% a year ago. The decrease relative to last year is due primarily to an increase in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and some favorable adjustments upon the filing of income tax returns. This was partially offset by an increase in accrued withholding tax on earnings in Canada.  
 Net income for the quarter was $669 million or $5.29 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $4.40 for the fourth quarter of 2022. Capital expenditures were approximately $207 million for the quarter, flat with Q4 last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth, including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments.  
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $2.24 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory at the end of Q4 was $1.3 billion. We are pleased with our inventory levels, which declined 9% versus last year. Relative to our expectations, higher revenue and foreign exchange contributed to the decrease. On a unit basis, inventory increased approximately 1%.  
 During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 120,000 shares at an average price of $450. In the full year 2023, we repurchased approximately $550 million of stock at an average price of approximately $375. At the end of Q4, we had approximately $1.2 billion of capacity remaining on our share repurchase authorization.  
 Let me now shift to our guidance outlook. As I said at the start of my remarks, we're being disciplined and agile with our planning for 2024. Our teams are focused on maximizing our performance in the current environment and delivering for our guests this year and beyond.  
 We remain committed to our Power of Three x2 growth plan. Beginning with the full year 2024, we expect revenue to be in the range of $10.7 billion to $10.8 billion. This range represents growth of 11% to 12% relative to 2023. Excluding the 53rd week that we have in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect revenue to grow 10% to 11%.  
 We expect to open 35 to 40 net new company-operated stores in 2024 and complete approximately 40 co-located optimizations. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low double digits. Our new store openings in 2024 will include 5 to 10 stores in the Americas, with the rest in our international markets, primarily in China Mainland.  
 For the full year, we forecast gross margin to be approximately flat with adjusted gross margin in 2023. Within gross margin, we expect both markdowns and airfreight to be relatively flat with last year.  
 Turning now to SG&A for the full year. We forecast leverage of approximately 10 basis points versus 2023. We are prudently managing our expenses while continuing to invest strategically into our Power of Three x2 road map, including investments in marketing and brand building aimed at increasing our awareness and acquiring new guests, investments to support our international growth and market expansion and continued investment in technology infrastructure and data analytics capabilities.  
 When looking at operating margin for the full year of 2024, we expect it to increase by approximately 10 basis points versus adjusted operating margin in 2023, which expanded 110 basis points versus 2022. To date, in our Power of Three x2 plan, we are tracking above our operating margin target of modest expansion annually.  
 For the full year 2024, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%, an increase over the 2023 adjusted effective tax rate of 28.7%. The increase relative to last year relates primarily to lower stock-based compensation deductions and the favorable adjustments we realized when filing our tax returns in 2023. For Q1, we expect our effective tax rate to be 29% to 29.5%.  
 For the fiscal year 2024, we expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $14 to $14.20 versus adjusted EPS of $12.77 in 2023. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. When looking at inventory, we expect dollar inventory to decline in the high single to low double-digit percent in the first half of the year and then increase in the second half of the year as we anniversary last year's declines.  
 We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2024. This spend relates to investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments.  
 Shifting now to Q1. We expect revenue in the range of $2.175 billion to $2.2 billion, representing growth of 9% to 10%. We expect to open one net new company-operated store in Q1. We expect gross margin in Q1 to be approximately flat with Q1 2023, with markdowns relatively flat with last year.  
 In Q1, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 130 to 140 basis points relative to Q1 2023. This will be driven predominantly by increased investments to grow brand awareness and acquire new guests and higher depreciation resulting from technology investments made in 2022 and 2023.  
 Let me share some additional details on our investments to grow brand awareness. Within Q1, we will be activating 3 relatively large brand events: our footwear launch and Further ultra marathon, which already took place and our Team Canada kit launch later in the quarter. 
 These events, plus some other strategic investments in brand building, are contributing to the deleverage. Looking at quarters 2 through 4, we do not anticipate SG&A deleverage. And as I previously stated, we expect 10 basis points of SG&A leverage for the full year.  
 When looking at operating margin for Q1, we expect it to decline 130 to 140 basis points year-over-year, driven by our SG&A investments. I'd also note that operating margin in Q1 2023 expanded by 400 basis points, driven predominantly by airfreight savings. In addition, we did not start accelerating our investments into our strategic road map until the second quarter of last year. 
 And as I stated previously, we expect operating margin to expand modestly for the full year on top of the 110 basis points of operating margin expansion in 2023. Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.40 versus EPS of $2.28 a year ago.  
 And with that, I will turn it back over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. In summary, I'm proud of how we closed out 2023 and the way in which we have continued to expand around the world, deliver against our Power of Three x2 strategies and create momentum in the business. I'm optimistic that the investments we're making in the business will contribute to another year of growth in 2024.  
 In closing, I want to thank the members of our global collective, particularly our employees in our stores, distribution and guest education centers as well as our store support centers, who engage with our guests every day and bring our brand to life. They are responsible for driving these results, and they will be the engine that will fuel all we will accomplish going forward.  
 We will now take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. I just wanted to hone in on the comments on the challenging consumer behavior. Just wondering, are you seeing that in some pockets of the business more than others? Or is it broad-based? Is it a traffic or a conversion problem? Or how do you see that? 
 And then does that mean that the business is currently running at the 1Q guide, like that 9% to 10%, I believe? Or how should we think about that comment in relation to the first quarter guidance? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. In terms of what we're seeing, as I mentioned, all international markets, including Canada, are continuing their strong momentum into Q1. And in the U.S. is where we're really navigating the dynamic retail environment with the consumer. That is a little soft coming into the year. 
 I think we have an opportunity. I know we have an opportunity in this market, in particular, some in and around our product. As I mentioned, our sizing, in particular, in 0 to 4 is something we're chasing into. Color, where we had color, it performed well. And honestly, we just did not have enough. And both of these attributes overindexed in the U.S., which is where I see the opportunity, and we're going to continue to play offense in the market. 
 The innovation product pipeline remains very strong for this year, and we have some exciting brand initiatives in addition. Where that's showing up, we're seeing a slowdown in traffic in the U.S., but it's still positive, and conversion is down slightly. And I'd link that to some of the product opportunities we have in the sizing and color, which, as I said, we will -- we are chasing into and get stronger through the quarters. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And Alex, I'd just add, on the Q1 guide relative to current trends, we don't speak to inter-quarter trends. But as Calvin shared, we were off to a soft start in the U.S., with all other regions performing strongly, and did guide to the 9% to 10% growth, which we feel is appropriate given what we're seeing in terms of trends. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I was hoping you could provide a state of the union on the men's business. Growth stabilized after decelerating a bit last year. Where do you see the largest opportunity is to defend and grow share in the men's business? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Lorraine. As I mentioned, I'm very excited about the product pipeline for men's this year. Last year, our men's business did increase, as you indicated, in the Q4, which was great to see that momentum back into our men's business. 
 Total year was 15% growth. And 2 years into our Power of Three x2 plan, we've grown our men's revenue at a 21% CAGR, so ahead of that goal. We continue to put on share through all of last year. We did see the male guest in general pull back a little bit in the category of apparel and athletic. And I think Q4, we are seeing him being drawn back in on innovation, which I will highlight a few that, for this year, I'm very encouraged by. 
 One is, as you know, in our ABC franchise, both the trouser and 5 pocket, it was only a few years ago that we had one fabric offering, and that was Warpstreme. Since then, we've added Utilitech, we've added WovenAir, and we are launching a VersaTwill product this year, which is -- feels more -- it's a proprietary performance base. So it feels more of a hand feel of a cotton. So it's fantastic for the lighter, warmer months. And it really is a completely incremental offering for us in a silhouette and a brand and a franchise that he loves. 
 Our Lounge product in men's is just getting stronger. We launched Soft Jersey last fall. We've been chasing since then. In the next few weeks, we'll really be fully in an in-stock position to represent. 
 We've added Steady State and Smooth Spacer. So our Lounge offering for him is the strongest it's been. And we've equally launched some performance product that's performing incredibly well: Zeroed In, which is a new train franchise; and the Pace Breaker, which is our most versatile hero short item, bringing that into a track bottom and top to round out the needs for him. 
 So all those are checking very positively. We're seeing very encouraging demand on the newness. And I'm very confident in our product pipeline and what we're going to see. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: I was hoping you could elaborate on what you're seeing in the China market today and your outlook for growth there this year. Additionally, could you provide updated thoughts on opportunity for further profitability improvement in the region this year? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. I'll take the first half. We remain excited about the potential for lululemon in China. In Q4, our revenue increased 78% in Mainland China. Part of that was driven by the COVID-related store closures we experienced in quarter '22. But in the full year, our business grew 67%. 
 So while we're keeping a close eye on the macro environment in the region, our business remains very strong, and we believe several factors benefit us in China. One, we are building from a smaller base. We have 127 stores on Mainland at the end of the quarter, and we see opportunity to continue to add. 
 We have and take a localized approach to our brand, leveraging relationships locally in the community through ambassadors, instructors and influencers that has really resonated locally. And some of our most exciting activations come from that market and an ongoing strategy to keep opening new stores. 
 So our unaided brand awareness, we did see good improvements last year. We started the year at 9%. We ended at 14%. But 14% in a market of that size, we have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow, see great momentum in the brand and excited about how that team is activating and growing and optimistic with our potential in that market. 
Meghan Frank: And then, Brooke, I'd add, though we don't break out regional outlooks, in terms of China, we believe that growth rate will be significantly above our guide of 10% to 11% for the full year, excluding the 53rd week. So coming off of a 78% growth in Q4 and feel well positioned as we move into '24. 
 And then in terms of improving profitability in that region, our near-term priority is really to grow top line and capture, as Calvin mentioned, the unaided brand awareness opportunity we see there and go after new guest acquisition this year. So we've looked to continue those investments as we look into '24, but certainly see opportunity over the longer term to continue to grow that operating margin product. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to ask you about inventory. I guess this is the first time in a while, I think, I've heard you speak to stock-outs in certain sizes and styles perhaps weighing on sales growth. So how do you feel about the level and the mix of your current inventory? What are your plans for inventory growth this year? 
 And given that things seem to be fairly lean, why wouldn't there be an opportunity to perhaps drive lower markdowns in 2024? Maybe walk us through some of the puts and takes you're thinking about there. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So inventory, we came in negative 9% on a dollar basis and plus 1 on a unit basis. We feel pleased with the level and currency composition of our inventory overall. Calvin did talk about a few pockets in the U.S. where we feel like we've got an opportunity to accelerate what's working in terms of inventory, but we still feel well positioned from an overall perspective. 
 I would say, from a markdown perspective, we run a very low markdown rate. Generally speaking, 2023 was flat to '22 and 2019, which is a healthy water line for us. That's our expectation for 2024. So at this point in time, given we're very early in the year, we're not changing our thinking on markdowns, but we'll continue to keep updated there. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Could you speak to multiyear drivers of positive comp growth in the Americas maybe relative to the high single digits last year or just areas that you see could take continued market share regardless of the macro? 
Meghan Frank: Matt, I think the beginning of your question cut off. Do you mind just repeating it? 
Matthew Boss: Yes, sure. Yes, I think the operator held it on. So what I was asking is on the early innings growth story that I know, Calvin, that you speak to, just how the Americas fits into that? And as we think about same-store sales growth in the Americas relative to the high singles this year, just how best to think about multiyear drivers or areas to take continued market share regardless of what the Americas macro may look like? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Definitely still view across all markets being early innings in our growth story. When we look at Americas, as I mentioned, Canada is continuing its strong momentum into quarter 1. And within the U.S., we're navigating what we see as a dynamic retail environment and a consumer that's a little bit softer. 
 But there are a lot of areas that we are focused on and we know can continue to drive our business, that being product innovation and the unaided awareness, which, in the U.S., is still very low. I think, combined, it's less than 50%, in the 40% range, with a lot of exciting initiatives. Plan to continue to make progress on that awareness metric. 
 So when we look across the metric, when we look across our categories, which I've always talked to before in terms of the balanced approach across men's and women's and accessories in the pipeline and the ability to grow and where we are from an awareness perspective, no change in U.S., no change in our strategy. And with this guidance, not only did we complete '23 ahead of our Power of Three x2 goals, but with the guidance, 2024, we will still be ahead of our Power of Three x2 goals, and we don't see a change in that. 
Meghan Frank: And Matt, I'd just add, we shared a long-term target of low double-digit CAGR for North America. We're tracking ahead of that to date in our plan. I feel comfortable with that long-term target. And then from a sales per square foot perspective, the U.S. is the highest in terms of sales per square foot by store. So -- and was -- continue to grow when we went through 2023. So we still feel like stores are an important part of that strategy. 
Matthew Boss: That's great. Meghan, just one follow-up. Could you elaborate, this year, on SG&A, just efficiencies or flexibility in this year's P&L to leverage on the low double-digit revenues? I think, historically, it's mid-teens to see SG&A and operating margin leverage. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we guided for the year to 10 basis points operating margin expansion. We were up against a 110 basis point expansion in 2023. So really pleased with the leverage we saw in 2023. 
 When we looked at our 2024 plans, we've made some reductions to discretionary spend while continuing to invest behind market expansion as well as going after unaided guest awareness and new guest acquisition. So we're really looking at driving into the long-term opportunity there as we also move through 2024. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about the marketing investment and how you're thinking about this year compared to last year? And then the membership program, any update on the rollout of the membership program, the profile of the guests that you're seeing and getting? 
Calvin McDonald: Dana, from a marketing campaign perspective, as we've signaled, we continue to lean in to a variety of activations as a means to get at that unaided brand awareness. Building on the successes that we saw last year, we continue to test and learn. We did an Align campaign beginning of last year, very pleased with the results, followed up with an ABC campaign for him in the fall. Very pleased with that activation. 
 We had a number of activations in Mainland China. All of those are contributing to the growth that we've seen in unaided awareness. So we know that we are acquiring guests, and these top-of-funnel activations are performing. And heading into this year, we have a number that we will continue to innovate and create and bring. 
 So we've kicked off this year already with our cityverse activation, which we were able to leverage quite a bit of earned media behind. That's off to a strong start, as I mentioned, in particular, overindexing with our male guests. 
 FURTHER, which another earned media opportunity supported. Interestingly, with FURTHER is we showcased up to 36 unique innovative items that will, over the next coming months, appear in our lineup for run, with the first being an incredible bra innovation that we'll be launching in Q3. 
 The COC or the Canadian Olympic Committee, which really, we know, from the Beijing Games had a great impact on the brand from a global scale. So there are a lot of exciting activations that we will continue to really gear towards that more top-of-funnel unaided awareness. And as I shared with you, we're seeing success on that. I know we have a long way to go, early innings on what the potential of the brand is in driving unaided into that consideration. 
 Membership program, I mentioned we now have 17 million active members, and that's from really the program was just 1 year -- launched 1 year earlier. So a significant number of our guests, and the program is geared to drive LTV and to drive spend. And we do that through a variety of activations as well as benefits. 
 It can be early access to product. It can be access to some of our events, leveraging our partners, be it physically in local communities or, as we did in January with Peloton, having a back-to-sweat activation. And that is driving engagement, and it's having an impact on the LTV and spend metrics. So we're going to continue in that work. But it's only been less than 1.5 years since we launched it and very encouraged with the results so far and excited to continue building that program. 
Meghan Frank: And Dana, I'd just add, in terms of marketing investment, our marketing as a percent of sales for 2023 was 4.5. And we're expecting to be in the range of 4.5 to 5 in 2024 and looking forward at this point in time. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: So Calvin, we've seen new entrants in the space. They didn't slow your momentum over the holiday in Q4. But can you talk to the durable competitive advantage that lululemon maintains in terms of materials innovation, scale, the depth of the offering for both men and women? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, John. I'll break that down into how I view it, which is really 2 components. One is what's fueling the momentum in the business? And obviously, what are the unique strengths or the moat of the brand and how unique are we when we look and compare ourselves to others? 
 So from a momentum perspective, we know that our unique approach to innovating, putting unmet needs of the guests first and delivering the solutions through science of feel, beginning with fabrics, but into fit and overall into performance and then into that product, which then drives the engagement and -- with our community and guest relationships, which then unlocks further unmet needs, is really the momentum driver of this business. 
 And when I look at where we sit in terms of the innovation, the product and the activation with our guests and how they're engaging in any and all activations we do and the relationships with our stores, with our educators, NPS scores, very, very positive, good momentum across all markets when I look at those attributes. 
 And then when I look at what makes lululemon unique, I really stack it and build it across both our model and our brand. And I think the uniqueness is all of these elements combined. Other competitors or brands may have elements of these. But when I look at our model and our product and the consistency of true innovation at the performance level, not at a fashion level, but at a performance level, into our community and the way in which we activate across our partner platform and then through our stores and our ambassadors, the scale in which we're able to do that compared to others. 
 And then combined with our D2C model, where not only do we own the relationship with our guests, but there are inherent benefits of margin structure that allows us to invest other ways in our business to further differentiate. And then into brand, being a dual-gender brand that has permission across wear occasions, from Pinnacle, Podium, Sweat all the way through of Lounge and Social, we believe, is incredibly unique. 
 And we bring that performance perspective to all those needs of the guests and then into the agelessness of the brand, where, if you look -- and I've said before, you go to stores, mom, daughter and grandma can be shopping in the brand and are actually advocates of the brand to the others. And I think that's rooted in the notion of the solutions that we offer and provide for. 
 That stack, when I go through the competitor list, I don't see anyone that compares to that. And we think that is really the strength of this brand and where we look to disrupt ourselves, where we look to invest and definitely fuel and plugs into our momentum. But that's how we compare and look at ourselves and see a lot of strengths in that and the ability to keep driving our business. 
John Kernan: That's very helpful. Meghan, just a follow-up, maybe shifting more towards the model. The decision to go towards a geographic-level disclosure versus the channel disclosure before, how should we think about omnichannel comps going forward? 
 You've obviously made some big investments across stores and digital. I think a lot -- you focus more on co-located stores recently and larger stores. How should we think about the balance between corporate store sales and DTC now? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we had shared, when we set out this Power of Three x2 plan, that we expected e-comm to grow slightly ahead of our CAGR of 15% sales CAGR, and store is slightly below. I would say, over the long-term time period, that view hasn't changed. 
 We've seen, I would say, strength in both channels coming off of '23: e-comm total growth, 17%, stores 21%; e-comm comped at 17%, and stores at 9%. So continue to see opportunity across both channels and leveraging that on the ecosystem. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Kelly Crago: This is Kelly on for Paul. Just wanted to follow up on the slowdown that you're seeing in the U.S. currently. Is one category or gender driving the slowdown? Or is it more broad-based? 
 And then secondly, just curious if you're assuming some pickup in traffic in the U.S. as a result of some of these marketing investments you're making in 1Q as we move throughout the year. 
Meghan Frank: Kelly, I would say, the slowdown we're experiencing in the U.S. is fairly broad-based. As Calvin mentioned, we have identified some opportunities that we can go after and product specifically on color and on women sizing, so on the 0 to 4 size range. 
 And then in terms of traffic, we do have -- you'll see in our guidance, Q2 through Q4 is the growth rate is slightly ahead of what we're guiding to in Q1, given Q1 guide at 9 to 10, and then the full year at 10 to 11, excluding the 53rd week. 
Kelly Crago: And just to clarify, is that being driven by what you would expect to be an improvement in the U.S. relative to what you're seeing in 1Q? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. We'd expect some marginal improvement. 
Operator: The next question comes from Abbie Zvejnieks with Piper Sandler. 
Abigail Zvejnieks: Just a follow-up to that one. I mean what exactly is driving those 2Q through 4Q improvements in the U.S.? Is it product? Was there something that we're lapping in 1Q that we should think about? Any color you have there? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say it's a modest acceleration Q2 through Q4 and really points to some of the investments we're making on the marketing side in terms of new guest acquisition as well as some of the product opportunities that Calvin pointed to would be drivers of that. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I'll just add some of the products. As we obviously mentioned that we're chasing color and size. And we expect that, that will continue to improve starting in Q2 through. In fact, we're seeing -- and as color hits now, the guests respond incredibly well to it. 
 Q2, our business shifts from leggings, still an important part, but shorts and skirts plays a much greater role. And we're seeing good results in that assortment in response to the guests now, and then the innovation that I alluded to. 
 We have a hydrogen yarn legging coming out in summer for yoga. We have the support code bra, which is one of our further proprietary technology innovations coming out later in Q3. And then we have another innovation in leggings for the back half in the train category. So there's quite a bit of product innovation. I mentioned men's, just highlighted women's that we see playing a positive through the back half of this year. 
Operator: The last question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, maybe for Meghan or Calvin, is there any way you're able to let us know what comp you're specifically modeling for Q1 and for the full year, specifically based on your guidance? 
 And then just a follow-up to that, maybe this one's for Meghan. Gross margin is flat for Q1 and the year, but clearly, lots of outperformance overseas. We know that's a higher-margin channel. I'm assuming that means the Americas gross margins are going the other way. I guess just could you comment on that if that's correct? Is there something that's driving that? Is it markdown? Is it just deleverage? Just kind of curious how you would think about that. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Ike. So we aren't providing forward-looking comps, but we would share that we see North America below the guided growth range and then international significantly above. 
 In terms of margins, as I mentioned, relatively flat markdowns year-over-year. And as you mentioned, we do have an overpenetration in our international regions. We are still investing behind our DC, distribution center network. That's a multiyear investment. So that would be embedded in our gross margin guide that we've provided. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-12-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc. Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon Athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of Lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable store sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors Section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for one hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'd like to welcome everyone to the call today, and I'm happy to discuss our quarter 3 results. On today's call, I'll share some highlights regarding our performance over the Thanksgiving weekend and the start of the holiday season. Next, I'll speak to our quarter 3 results, then you'll hear from Meghan with a review of the financials and an update on guidance, and finally, we'll take your questions. So let's get started with Thanksgiving. We are very pleased with our results over the holiday weekend. In fact, this Black Friday was the single biggest day in company history, with strength across our store and e-commerce channels. 
 Along with several members of the leadership team, I visited stores in Houston, Dallas and Los Angeles, and we were thrilled to join our local teams and experience their energy and excitement firsthand. Our stores were very busy, and our overall performance is driven by strength across both full price and markdown merchandise. This year, we extended an additional benefit to our Essentials members who received early access to our Black Friday styles via our Shop app. This strategy drove a significant spike in app downloads with virtually no incremental marketing costs. 
 We also visited several recently remodeled locations that showed the benefits of our ongoing co-located optimization strategy, including enhanced merchandising of men's, increased traffic flow and improved throughput due to additional guest services and fitting rooms. Finally, our overall success was enabled by the ongoing foundational investments we've been making to our DC network and IT infrastructure to enhance the guest experience, both in stores and online. 
 And while there is nearly 2/3 of the quarter still ahead of us, we are encouraged by our trends at the start of the holiday season. Now looking back at quarter 3. As you saw from our press release, our results remain strong and balanced as both our top and bottom line exceeded our expectations. Revenue increased 19% versus last year, comparable sales grew 9% in stores and 19% in our e-commerce business and adjusted EPS increased 27% versus the same period last year, and our Board recently authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which reflects our optimism in the growth trajectory of the business. Meghan will share the detailed financials later in the call, and I think it's clear our performance continues to speak to the strong response to the Lululemon brand in our markets across the globe and how we remain in the early innings of our growth story. 
 Now let's look at quarter 3 in more detail as I share highlights in 3 areas: product innovation, brand building strategies and regional performance. Let's begin with product. One of our competitive advantages is our ability to consistently bring newness and innovation into our assortment. Our product teams work with our athletes and ambassadors, leverage our Science of Feel innovation platform and solve for the unmet needs of our guests. Quarter 3 was no exception as we introduced several new styles into our assortment. Let me highlight just a few. 
 In quarter 3, our women's business increased 19%, fueled by new product launches, strength in bottoms and ongoing performance in key franchises. As we shared on our last earnings call, we mentioned the launch of a new franchise for women. In quarter 3, we introduced Wundermost, our new collection of bodywear made in our softest fabric ever. By leveraging our expertise in raw materials development, fabric innovation and technical construction, our product teams engineered a brand-new sensation and unique [indiscernible] for our guests. And I'm pleased to share that Wundermost launch has been met with great initial response from our guests and we're excited to keep bringing innovation into this new franchise. 
 Other quarter 3 product highlights on the women's side include bottoms and second layers. Within bottoms, both tights and away-from-body styles performed well, including Align, Wunder Train and the Dance Studio Jogger. In addition, we continue to see success in our key second layer franchises, including Define, Scuba and Softstreme. Looking at quarter 4, you will see fresh seasonal takes on several of our guest favorite franchises, including Scuba, Align and Wunder Train. Shifting now to men's, we saw growth of 15% in quarter 3. Similar to during the COVID-19 period, we see that when there is some uncertainty in the macro environment, men can become a bit more conservative in their apparel purchases. However, growth in our international regions remains very strong. 
 And in North America, our market share gains continue, and we know our guests respond well to product innovation and compelling marketing campaigns. In quarter 3, we launched 2 new men's franchises, Steady State and Soft Jersey. These collections build out our lounge offering and continue to bring versatility across our men's assortment. Guest response has been very strong, and we are chasing into additional inventory for these 2 new hit franchises. Following the holidays, our stores and e-commerce sites will have a back-to-gym focus. For men, we'll feature items from our Pace Breaker and License to Train franchises to support our guests as they live into their New Year fitness and well-being resolutions. 
 We're also gearing up to launch men's footwear in the first quarter of 2024, which will be an important moment for Lululemon. We'll have much more to share as our pipeline of innovation continues to generate newness and versatility for our male guests. When looking at men's brand awareness, it remains low, approximately 13% in the U.S., 12% in Australia and single digits everywhere else outside of North America. Building awareness and consideration remains top of mind for us, and we see ample opportunity to increase the media and brand-building commitment to the men's business. An example of this strategy is our recent targeted TV campaign. In quarter 3, we tested TV in the U.S. with a campaign focused on bringing new male guests into the brand and featuring our iconic ABC bottoms. We are encouraged by the early results and the buzz created by this targeted investment, and we plan to continue the campaign next year. 
 In 2024, our marketing calendar has other men's moments planned, such as the footwear launch, and we will continue to leverage ways that paid media can raise our awareness among men who have yet to wear Lululemon. I would also like to mention our accessories business, which continues to perform well. In quarter 3, our bag assortment grew in the strong double digits, and the Everywhere Belt Bag posted solid growth on top of last year's standout performance. I remain excited with our pipeline of innovation for the remainder of quarter 4 and into next year. 
 Our foundational principle remains, when you feel your best, you perform your best. Our teams continue to live into that principle for our technical gear, and we are also leveraging it as we expand our lounge and on-the-move offerings. I'd now like to spend a few minutes and share some of the ways we connect with our local communities in quarter 3. As we've discussed in the past, we continue to lean into our grassroots approach to building community and engaging with guests on a local and one-on-one basis. In addition, we recognized the opportunity to raise unaided awareness and attract new guests through larger scale activations and brand campaigns, both within North America and across our international markets. 
 Let me share a few examples. To bring attention to World Mental Health Day, we released our third annual global well-being report in September. This global survey conducted in 14 markets looks at how people around the world are approaching their physical, mental and social well-being. And while a majority of people say they are making well-being a priority, you feel it is where it should be. To support our guests, we created well-being focused experiences in key markets and a highlight was a one-of-a-kind activation in China that encompass 32 cities and 76 stores. 
 The pinnacle expression took place in Shanghai as we took over the West Bund for an entire week with events and experiences over a 3-kilometer stretch of this popular destination on the waterfront. The results of this activation were phenomenal and included more than 1,600 pieces of press coverage with 3 billion impressions, significant engagement on social media and approximately 12,000 guests participating in person. This event was a very unique and compelling way to drive unaided brand awareness in the market. 
 Also in October to support and help launch our new partnership with Peloton, we hosted a 3-day experience at our Lincoln Park store in Chicago. More than 2,000 guests joined us and it was exciting to see our local Lululemon community come together with the Peloton community to celebrate our new relationship. The success of this event represents the potential of the partnership to leverage the strength of both our highly engaged communities. As you can see, we are taking multiple paths to building brand awareness and consideration across our global markets. 
 Quarter 3 was a terrific example of this strategy, and you can expect more of this type of marketing execution from us going forward. Shifting now to our regional performance. We continue to see solid results across markets with revenue in North America growing 12% and international increasing 49%. We remain pleased with our business in North America, which is in line with our Power of Three x2 targets despite the dynamic operating environment. The quarter began strong as guests responded well to our back-to-school product innovations and our strategies to connect with younger guests through dedicated digital marketing and targeted activations and our market share gains continued. 
 In quarter 3 2023, the adult active apparel industry decreased its U.S. revenue compared to the same period last year. Over the same time period, Lululemon gained 1.5 points of market share in the U.S. with gains in both men's and women's according to Circana's consumer tracking service. North America remains a significant and compelling opportunity for Lululemon. With unaided awareness of only 25%, we have several ways to bring new guests into the brand, including ongoing innovation within our product assortment, new store openings and optimizations and our unique approach toward connection encompassing both local activation and larger-scale marketing campaigns. 
 Switching now to international. We remain excited and optimistic regarding the potential for the Lululemon brand. In quarter 3, all regions grew in strong double digits, including a 53% increase in Greater China. While we are keeping a close eye on the macro environment in China, our business remains strong. We believe several factors benefit us in this important market, including our relatively small size with room to grow beyond our 114 stores in Mainland China at the end of the quarter, the localized nature of our brand as we leverage our relationships with local fitness studios, instructors and influencers and our local and community-based events. 
 We are excited with the brand acceptance we're seeing globally as we continue to execute against our plan to quadruple our international business from 2021 levels by the end of 2026. And with that, I'll turn it over to Meghan for a review of our financials and our updated guidance. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. We continue to be pleased with our performance across channel, geography and merchandise category. Despite an uncertain macro backdrop, our teams are executing at a high level, which contributed to our upside in Q3. As Calvin mentioned, we're happy with our start to the holiday season, but with nearly 2/3 of the quarter still in front of us, we remain prudent in our planning. Let me now share the details of our Q3 performance. 
 Please note that when comparing the financial metrics for Q3 2023 with Q3 2022, adjusted earnings per share for Q3 2023 excludes $72.1 million of after-tax expense related to the impairment and restructuring costs associated with the Lululemon Studio business. I'll provide more detail on these charges shortly, and you can refer to our earnings release and Form 10-Q for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. For Q3, total net revenue rose 19% to $2.2 billion. Comparable sales increased 14% with a 9% increase in stores and a 19% increase in digital. In our store channel, sales increased 19%. We ended the quarter with a total of 686 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 17% versus last year, driven by the addition of 63 net new Lululemon stores since Q3 of 2022.  
 During the quarter, we opened 14 net new stores and completed 8 optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues totaled $908.1 million or 41% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 12% versus last year. Within International, we saw a 49% increase versus last year with Greater China increasing 53%. By category, women's revenue increased 19% versus last year, men's increased 15% and accessories grew 29%. It's also great to see ongoing strength in traffic across channels, with stores up nearly 25% and e-commerce increasing 20%. This speaks to the strength of our omni-operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them. 
 Adjusted gross profit for the third quarter was $1.28 billion, or 58.1% of net revenue compared to 55.9% of net revenue in Q3 2022. The adjusted gross profit rate in Q3 increased 220 basis points versus last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 250 basis point increase in overall product margin driven primarily by lower freight costs as well as lower air freight usage. Fixed costs deleveraged 20 basis points in the quarter. We also saw 10 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be granted and prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $843 million or 38.2% of net revenue compared to 36.8% of net revenue for the same period last year. We achieved better-than-expected deleverage in the quarter, while at the same time continuing to invest behind our strategic initiatives to build brand awareness among additional investments we've accelerated to fuel our Power of Three x2 road map. 
 Foreign exchange, both translation and revaluation, contributed 30 basis points of leverage in the quarter. Adjusted operating income was $436 million or 19.8% of net revenue, an increase of 80 basis points compared to Q3 2022. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $125.3 million or 28.1% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 27.6% a year ago. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $320.8 million or $2.53 per diluted share compared to $2 for the third quarter of 2022. Capital expenditures were approximately $163 million for the quarter compared to approximately $176 million for the third quarter last year. The spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology and supply chain investments. 
 Before turning to our balance sheet highlights, let me spend a moment on the charges we took related to the Lululemon Studio business. As you know, in September, we announced a new 5-year partnership with Peloton. Under this arrangement, Peloton has become the exclusive digital fitness content provider for Lululemon Studio, and we have become Peloton's primary apparel provider. In addition, while we will still provide service and support to owners of the Lululemon Studio Mirror Device, we've recently stopped selling the hardware. As we will no longer be producing content or selling Mirror hardware, we recognized a post-tax asset impairment and other charges related to Lululemon Studio, totaling $72.1 million during the third quarter. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory was $1.66 billion at the end of Q3, down 4% versus last year and lower than our guidance. The lower inventory relative to our guidance relates predominantly to higher revenue, the provision we took against our remaining Lululemon Studio hardware inventory, timing of certain receipts and foreign exchange. On a unit basis, inventory increased approximately 5%. 
 We remain comfortable with both the quality and quantity of our inventory. At the end of Q4, we expect inventory on a dollar basis to be flat to down slightly versus last year, with units flat to up slightly. We repurchased approximately 553,000 shares at an average price of $381. At the end of Q3, we had approximately $243 million remaining on our prior repurchase program. In addition, as Calvin mentioned, our Board of Directors recently authorized a new $1 billion plan. We remain optimistic in our outlook for the business and continue to use share repurchases as our preferred method to return cash to shareholders. 
 Over the last 5 years, we have repurchased approximately $2 billion worth of our shares. Let me shift now to our guidance outlook. As I mentioned, we're pleased with the trends we've seen at the start of the holiday season. That being said, the majority of the quarter remains in front of us. We remain aware of the uncertainties in the macro environment, and we continue to plan the business for multiple scenarios. So let me begin with Q4. We expect revenue in the range of $3.135 billion to $3.170 billion, representing growth of 13% to 14%. We expect to open approximately 25 net new company-operated stores in Q4. We expect gross margin in Q4 to increase 90 to 120 basis points relative to Q4 of 2022. This will be driven by lower freight expense and regional mix, offset somewhat by strategic investments to support future growth, including supply chain distribution centers and product teams as well as modest deleverage on occupancy and depreciation. 
 In Q4, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 160 to 190 basis points relative to Q4 2022. This deleverage continues to reflect our strategic decision to invest in growth initiatives, including those to grow brand awareness globally. When looking at operating margin for Q4, we expect approximately 70 basis points of contraction relative to last year. Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $4.85 to $4.93 versus adjusted EPS of $4.40 a year ago. Shifting to full year 2023, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $9.549 billion to $9.584 billion. This range represents growth of 18% relative to 2022 and exceeds the revenue target in our Power of Three x2 growth plan. We expect to open approximately 55 net new company-operated stores in 2023 and complete approximately 25 to 30 co-located remodels. 
 This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low to mid-teens. Our new store openings in 2023, will include approximately 35 stores in our international markets, with the majority of these planned for China. For the full year, we continue to forecast adjusted gross margin to increase between 190 to 210 basis points versus 2022. The expansion relative to last year is driven predominantly by lower air freight expense. For the full year, we now expect airfreight to be down approximately 220 basis points versus 2022. When looking at markdowns for the full year, we continue to expect them to be relatively in line with last year in 2019. 
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We now forecast deleverage of 120 to 140 basis points versus 2022. While we continue to plan the business prudently, our sales trend has enabled us to invest into our Power of Three x2 growth pillars while also delivering operating margin ahead of our goal for modest expansion annually. When looking at adjusted operating margin for the full year 2023, we now expect it to increase approximately 70 basis points versus last year. For the full year 2023, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 29.5%. 
 For Q4, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. For the fiscal year 2023, we now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $12.34 to $12.42 versus adjusted EPS of $10.07 in 2022. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2023. The increase versus 2022 reflects investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Our range of $670 million to $690 million is approximately 7% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%. With that, I will turn it back over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. As you can see, Lululemon had another strong quarter, and we are energized about the many opportunities ahead. We are pleased with the strength and resilience of our brand across markets, channels and categories, and are well positioned to deliver against our Power of Three x2 growth strategy. In addition, we are happy with the start to the holiday season, and our teams are ready to deliver for our guests in quarter 4. And I want to mention that as we have demonstrated over recent years, we are actively planning the business so that we respond to any changes in guest behavior that could occur related to the dynamic macro environment. 
 In closing, I want to express my sincere gratitude to our people across the Lululemon, who make these consistently strong results possible as we deliver for our guests and build towards the future. With that, we can now take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Perfect. My question was actually on the remodeled locations with the co-locations within them. I was wondering if there are any metrics you can share on how those stores perform compared to the legacy fleet? Then also, if you have any update on how much of the fleet is in that format now in North America and if all the new locations are in that format? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Alex. We've got about 150 stores co-located. Our plans this year have ticked up slightly to 25 to 30 co-located remodels, up from 25. These are stores where we have very high traffic and sales productivity and see an opportunity to capitalize on that traffic and drive incremental volume. We tend to look over a 2- to 3-year time horizon in terms of maturation of store, and we will see a slightly lower sales productivity from those boxes, but very strong returns and healthy sales per square foot. And so pleased overall with that strategy. And you'll continue to see more of that from us. We are much further along on that in North America, and that strategy is still largely in front of us in our international business. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Patel with Raymond James. 
Rakesh Patel: Just had a question on what's implied with fourth quarter guidance. So I'm just hoping if you can provide some guardrails on how we should think about stores versus direct and North America versus international? I'm curious which segments may have a different trend versus the growth that you've seen year-to-date? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Rick, so in terms of Q4 guidance, we're guiding at 13% to 14% growth. As Calvin mentioned, very pleased with the Thanksgiving weekend, still have about 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, so being prudent in our planning there. We haven't broken down specifics, but what I'd share is very strong continued double-digit growth in international and then on North America, high single digits. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on the prior question. The high single-digit North America sales guidance is below your typical algorithm [indiscernible] guidance. Can you talk to what you're seeing in the business or hearing from your customer that's informing this posture? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Lorraine. Yes, I would say coming off of a strong Q3 performance, we did experience some very strong performance during our Cyber Five period. We are mindful of the macroeconomic environment as we move into the balance of Q4 and still with 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, being mindful of the pressures out there and contemplating that and how we are guiding. We are also planning the business for multiple scenarios to be able to capitalize on any potential upside. 
Operator: The next question is from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in terms of the consumer behavior with the brand. You've talked a little bit about being mindful about the macro backdrop a few times. But has there been any shift in consumer behavior conversion or engagement with the brand that shifted relative to what you saw 90 days ago? 
Meghan Frank: Brooke, in terms of guest metrics, we're still seeing growth in both spend from new and existing guests. So still really pleased, I would say, overall, and just looking out over Q4, again, 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, so planning the business prudently. But I would say, overall, really pleased with what we're seeing in terms of guest behavior. 
Calvin McDonald: The only one I'd add, Brooke, relative to when we look at the overall market is, as I mentioned, in the men's business. And that is our business internationally remains very strong, our growth well above industry average and putting on share in North America. But when we look at the macro category within North America, we do see that he is spending less in apparel in general. We continue to put on market share. But if I was to point to just one trend that we're observing and monitoring, it is that guest behavior that we're seeing in a macro condition. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And congrats on another nice quarter. So maybe, Calvin, could you just elaborate on the cadence of business that you saw as the third quarter progressed in North America? Maybe if you could speak to stores versus digital. And where do you see the largest market share opportunities next year across the assortment? And then Meghan, any constraints to modest operating margin expansion on the mid-teens revenue growth multi-year? Or are there just -- are there any geography considerations on the margin front as we think about gross margin relative to SG&A beyond this year that we should be thinking about? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. I'll talk about sort of just the trends through the quarter and then share gains, and then I'll let Meghan pick up the other part of it. I think you snuck in 5 or 6 questions there, but let's take our time. 
 We have a little bit of -- we have some time here, Matt. But on the quarter, we dropped some new innovation to begin in August, and had some targeted campaigns, both digitally, some activations around back-to-school and the guests, both in our female and male guests responding incredibly well to that and the newness. I would say that momentum moderated a little bit in September and then accelerated again in October when once again, some newness and innovation was dropped with Wundermost. We activated with our men's campaign around the ABC franchise targeted for top-of-funnel guest acquisition. So it definitely sort of progressed through the quarter like that healthy across but with the peak sort of being in August and October and driven by either newness and our campaign to activate and go after unaided awareness. 
 When I think of share next year, our plans are still very much reflective of the being early innings across our business. We do expect to see our men's business continue to be strong and put on share at unaided awareness below 25%. It's 13%, in fact, in North America. We're going to continue to put on share across all of our categories and playing to our strengths in bottoms and some of our core franchises and the new franchises like Soft Jersey and Steady State, which is really resonating. We're chasing into that inventory, and we're seeing both our existing guests and new guests come in through that franchise. And then with women's and accessories, similar story. We have a lot of runway and opportunity in our bottoms business as well as tops and accessories. So there's not a specific category that we think will drive share but a very balanced approach and performance as we've experienced and really pointed to the fact that we're in early innings of growth across all of those categories in both genders. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of operating margin expansion, so we're up 70 basis points -- our guide of 70 basis points above 2022 on an annual basis. So we're really pleased with our performance this year, which is above our target. We remain committed to our target. We still see opportunities with scale of business and efficiencies in our cost structure, e-com penetration is a benefit to us. And then air freight that we've largely recovered the air freight spend. We still have about 20 basis points above 2019 levels. So obviously, we'll share more on '24 as we close out the year, but still remain comfortable with our long-term posture there. 
Operator: The next question is from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Let me add my congratulations to the stores, look great, and I love the [indiscernible]. Calvin, so my question for you is on the Power of Three x2, the portion that is 4x international. Obviously, we see the strength in China. Just wondering what role does Europe play in that? And is there a time when we'll hear from you a little bit more aggressive rollout in Europe? And then my second one is pretty quick. Meghan, just remind us of the timing of the gross margin pressure last year. I think it was post Christmas that we start to see some liquidation activity. And does that remain sort of an opportunity as we get to the latter part of the quarter? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of our international growth and the markets that -- regions that will contribute to the quadruple, it really is balanced across all. Clearly, China has emerged as the significant region outside of North America. But every market we're in within APAC and within EMEA is growing double digit, contributing to growth and has single-digit unaided brand awareness. So I believe every market will continue to contribute next year. We are leaning in on certain markets, continue to lean on China to accelerate that growth potential. 
 As you know, we've opened up some markets in EMEA. We'll continue to invest behind those. As Meghan mentioned, see co-located opportunities in some of our key markets as we go back and reinvest and open stores, the ones we've done that in, be it [indiscernible] performed incredibly well. We see some opportunities in London to bring that co-located strategy to some of our proven doors there. We're seeing success both locally and with tourism and then in the APAC market. 
 We've opened up Thailand, but all of our key markets. Australia is an interesting one where a few years ago, we prioritized and leaned in with an optimization strategy and seeing significant benefits and gains from that and what had been our most mature international market. We've opened up a new DC that allowed us to service better, service the stores. We've optimized a number of our doors there. They're performing incredibly well and very pleased. So it really shows our ability to keep growing in our most mature but still very underdeveloped. And growth is coming from every market we're in, in the double digit, and we'll continue '24 and beyond and contribute to that quadrupling. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of margin and markdowns, yes, you're correct. It was those peak Christmas week where we started to see guest behavior gravitate towards -- more towards markdown sales and more towards the more highly discounted goods that we're offering with similar in penetration to 2019. We were comparing to Q4 of 2021, which was a low point in terms of markdown rate. So in the end, Q4 was just slightly above 2019. At this point in time, just given we've got about 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, we are guiding to 90 to 120 basis points of gross margin expansion and markdowns essentially in line with last year as part of that, being mindful of the proportion of the quarter that's still ahead. 
Operator: The next question is from Abbie Zvejnieks with Piper Sandler. 
Abigail Zvejnieks: Great. Just 2 questions for me to follow up on the previous question on gross margins. Just -- was there any strategy for Black Friday or maybe being a little bit more visible for that shopping occasion and shifting some of those promotions maybe more towards the Black Friday period versus those Christmas weeks last year? And then secondly, can you just talk about your inventory management, I think that was a little bit better than expected and how you got there? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Abbie. I'll take the first part. We did pull some volume forward on Black Friday, making it available in early access to our central members. It was an initiative to have a membership of reward benefit. Exciting behind that was we saw a significant increase in app downloads, which was the way in which members needed to be able to access that and obviously did that at no incremental cost. So I think over 250,000 app downloads into that membership base. So it was a benefit of reward. We pulled some volume forward, which allowed our infrastructure and DCs to manage very well through the weekend. 
 But in terms of other than that initiative, you would have seen on our sites, the similar language, not calling out sale. You would have seen in our stores, no signage, traditional merchandising, full price product at the front of the store. I thought the stores look fantastic. The Winter Whites and the newness in the product really punched through, and we saw some very nice balance sales, as I alluded to, in terms of regular price and our markdown. And markdowns were at the back traditionally done, really didn't deploy anything more and happy with how the guests responded to both options and through the entire Cyber Five weekend. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of inventory management, so we ended the quarter down 4% in inventory, and it was lower than our expectation of high single to low double-digit increase. That was driven by higher sales, the studio inventory write-off, some timing on receipts as well as FX. Important to keep in mind, we still have opportunity in our inventory turns relative to 2019. That is our goal over the longer term. And then looking at our inventory CAGR relative to 2019 versus our sales, we're relatively in line at the end of the quarter. 
 Our expectation at the end of Q4 will be inventory balance flat to slightly down on a cost basis and then flat to slightly up on a unit basis, again, still opportunity from [indiscernible] perspective, and we feel pleased with the level and currency of the inventory, both at the end of Q3 and then at the end of Q4 as well. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about store comps, how it shook out from a traffic versus ticket perspective and I guess the same question for e-com. And then I'm curious if you can share any early thoughts on store growth for '24 specifically, how are you thinking about China? 
Meghan Frank: Paul, so in terms of KPIs in stores and e-com, we saw similar to the start of the year, very strong traffic performance, so up 20% plus in both channels. With that traffic, we're still pleased with the absolute conversion but seeing a little bit of a comp decrease in terms of conversion and then relatively stable basket size. We haven't shared any specifics. Obviously, we'll do that at the end of the quarter in terms of store growth for '24, but we remain committed overall to our store growth target in the low double digits. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about in-store productivity in China in this year's [indiscernible]? 
Calvin McDonald: The stores in China continue to exceed [indiscernible] as we open. So we're pleased with both the new stores we're opening. They are beating pro forma, both on a total revenue perspective, obviously, on a dollar per square foot, and that's across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, which we continue to test into. We went back and optimized and continue to see opportunity, as Meghan alluded to, predominantly in Shanghai and Beijing to go back in and start optimizing and collating some of our locations. 
 We did our Kerry Center store in Shanghai, and the results have been very, very strong. So we know that our business there is growing. And in a lot of these locations, we've hit that productivity level where it's time to go back and invest and expand the assortment and continue to drive the overall results in those stores. But the openings of these new stores continue to sort of exceed and beat plan, which is very encouraging and excited to see the ability to go back and optimize some of the locations. 
Operator: The next question is from [indiscernible] with Evercore ISI. 
Unknown Analyst: Congrats on a great quarter. I just want to go back, I know you spoke to North America high single digits in the fourth quarter. I know you said that -- Calvin, you later mentioned that trends are accelerating nicely with some newness in October. I guess [indiscernible] that the fourth quarter deceleration baked into the guidance is maybe just being prudent against the macro you're seeing here. But it's a little bit below the Power of Three algorithm that you gave us. Is there any reason that North America wouldn't be at that low double-digit algorithm you gave us in 2024. Is it conservative and contained to the fourth quarter? And then I'm curious if there's anything you're seeing in the business today on the competitive set to inform you as to whether you may or may not see the consumer break towards some of those value purchases that you saw right before the holiday last year? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks. So right at this point in time, we're guiding to 13% to 14% for Q4. I'm just being mindful of the proportion of the quarter that's in front of us. We were really pleased with our Q3 performance in North America despite some macro challenges in North American market, still picking up share, still growing at 12%, so in line with Power of Three x2 target. We remain committed to that, I would say, for the year and as we move forward and managing from a portfolio approach perspective, any near-term pressures, but I think appropriate and prudent, given where we are in the quarter at this point. 
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just chat a little bit about the competitiveness and the guest behavior. We have not seen a dramatic shift as it relates to our product and our assortment. I've mentioned the men's behavior from a macro perspective within the category within North America. But within our assortment, our guests, we continue to see very healthy full price, continue to see very healthy reaction to newness and innovation. I think those are both very positive signs that indicate if the guest is trading down to value, they are equally trading up or holding onto purchases that I think play to the strength of our product, which is versatility, quality and innovation. 
 When you purchase our product, you get multiple wear occasions, multiple uses out of it. That's the versatility and the quality and the innovation behind it and still is resonating. And he and she is still responding very well to the newness that we drop, be it the new franchises in men's, which we're chasing into far exceeded our expectations, launch of new initiatives like Wundermost or just how we are assembling and bringing product of our core, be it through our Winter Whites or other initiatives, responding very well. So encouraged, we'll continue to monitor and be agile, but not seeing a behavioral shift within our assortment mix with our guests. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: When you think about the market share and obviously, your market share opportunities, Calvin and you're continuing to gain market share, are there new players who you see that you're taking market share from and that you see opportunity moving forward? And then is there a different market share opportunities in different areas of the world that you see? And then just lastly, when you think about categories and outerwear, which has been a focus, how is that category performing and how is it contributing to AUR? 
Calvin McDonald: All right. Thanks, Dana. In terms of market share gains, by the very nature of where we are in our product innovation and creation and unneeded awareness, we really do continue to grow across both men's and women's across all categories in all markets, including North America and especially internationally. Now market share data internationally in certain markets, it's harder to get than in North America, but our growth when we compare it to other peers that report, we know is definitely above and therefore, putting on both through our guest acquisition market share gains. 
 So feel very encouraged by that continuation, the balanced nature of we're growing market share. A couple of call-outs. I don't see any shift in change within men's and women's and the core strengths that the brand has, be it bottoms and in our performance activities. And there are a lot of categories, as you mentioned, where we have below market share when I compare some of those strengths to us. Accessories is one good example. It's a $110 billion global category. We have less than 1% share. And what we're proving and continuing to see through newness and innovation is it's more than just the Everywhere Belt Bag. That is a core item that is resonated, has and continues to perform incredibly well for us. But we're building out a very solid bag business with a lot of opportunity of growth moving forward. 
 And we think other players have 2% to 3% in that category. So we see that as being a nice contributor and driver of growth. And our other categories, be it lounge. And you mentioned outerwear, we have a very sizable outerwear business as we look across all, not just cold weather, but activity based, rain. We don't report the category specifically, but if we were to, we are a significant player in outerwear and see a lot of opportunity to continue to develop into those across the performance needs of our guests, rain as an opportunity and then building upon our growing credibility and success in cold weather with the Wunder Puff, which we're seeing very good success internationally, in China in particular right now. I'm very pleased how we're set up in North America with success. And obviously, climate has been slightly different, but we're not pointing to that and we're excited where we see opportunity to grow that business. So outerwear will be another key growth driver for us [indiscernible] but look to the core to continue to grow, continue to put our market share. 
 Operator, We'll take one more question. 
Operator: The next question is from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: I just have a 2-part question. First, you touched on competition, but just in Q3 and over the Black Friday holiday, how does the competitive landscape impact your approach to pricing and promotions [indiscernible] Calvin, if you could give us a little bit of a -- little deeper dive on footwear, what you see in the women's footwear business, what gives you confidence to launch the men's footwear business, that would be super helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Jay. In terms of competitiveness in the marketplace, what I saw was a lot of discounting. I saw a lot of discounting early. I saw deeper discounts. And I saw some early and young players in this space discount consistently in days, weeks leading into and over the Cyber Five weekend. That's what I observed. We didn't change our approach or strategy, as I mentioned. We didn't use sale language. We led with an early access, which had great value in the downloads of the app, which we know delivers a much greater value with our guests. 
 We're excited to be able to use a benefit to drive that strategy within our essential membership base. And we continue to sell and see very good regular price sales. So I definitely saw a more dynamic promotionally driven environment by some of our peers, by some of the new entries into this category. We didn't deviate. We didn't change. And our results I talked to, I was very pleased with and indicated we didn't need to. Guest still responds to innovative products and that's what our pipeline is full. 
 It's what we continue to deliver, and we'll continue to drive our growth into the oncoming quarters and through our Power of Three x2 strategy. And then relative to footwear, we're early and we're pleased where we are in our footwear journey. It's a small category for us, especially in our Power of Three x2 growth plan in terms of the role that it plays in our growth targets. I'm glad we're in footwear. I'm excited with what we're learning and how we're seeing and some of the early successes as we continue to test and learn. 
 We updated Blissfeel and Chargefeel this year. We continue to see success with our Restfeel across both men's and women's. We're trying an [indiscernible] on Restfeel in additional locations, seeing great response this holiday period. So we continue to be excited about footwear and the newness that the team has in the category that we'll be bringing forward and our current plans are to launch men's in quarter 1 of 2024. We'll continue to test and learn. But we're seeing enough positive signals in response from the guests that we have an opportunity in this category, and we're going to take a long-term view and build it, but excited about what we're seeing so far. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Inc. Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future.  
 These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release.  
 In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.  
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour so please limit yourself to 1 question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. 
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'm pleased to be here with everyone to discuss our quarter 2 results. Today, I'll share the highlights of our recent performance and speak to some of the exciting product launches and activations we have planned for the second half of the year. As you've read in our press release, our second quarter results exceeded our expectations as our core product and new launches continue to resonate strongly with guests in markets around the world. 
 On today's call, I will provide details on our quarter 2 performance, I'll then speak to our outlook and the many opportunities we have across the business. Next, I'll turn it over to Meghan for a review of the financials and the guidance update, and then we'll take your questions. 
 So let's get started. Our business remained strong in quarter 2 with both revenue and EPS exceeding our expectations. Revenue increased 18% versus last year with strength across our portfolio. Comparable sales grew 9% in stores and 17% in our e-commerce business and adjusted EPS increased 22% versus the same period last year.  
 These results demonstrate the strength of the business and how we are well positioned for the second half of 2023. In fact, we are seeing our strong momentum continue into quarter 3 and expect revenue growth in the 17% to 18% range for the quarter. Meghan will share our detailed guidance with you later in the call.  
 Let's now look at quarter 2 in more detail as I share some highlights on product innovation, brand building strategies and regional performance. When looking at product, we posted strong double-digit growth across women's, men's and accessories as we bring newness and innovation into our assortment. Specifically in quarter 2, women's increased 16%, men's was up 15% and accessories increased 44%. In women's, guests are responding very well to our core franchises as well as our newer play activities.  
 We continue to see strength in our key franchises, including scuba, define and our dance studio jogger. In addition, Softstreme has emerged as another meaningful franchise for us. In quarter 2, we saw strength across the collection with guests responding well to our offering. Turning to play, our tennis and golf collections remain strong performers for us. As we've shared before, our strategy with play is to solve for our guests' unmet needs across their secondary sweat activities. We introduced styles designed specifically for these activities while continuing to leverage the versatility of our core assortment.  
 In men's, I'd like to highlight the ongoing strength we're seeing in our ABC franchise, 1 of our most popular for him. Our teams continue to expand and evolve the assortment, which now includes 4 styles and 4 fits and is available in 3 proprietary fabrics, Warpstreme, Utilitech and WovenAir with additional fabrics in solves for unmet needs planned for upcoming seasons.  
 As we expand this trusted franchise, we are gaining share of wallet from existing guests, while at the same time, attracting new guests to our brand. 
 In accessories, our entire bag assortment is performing well. Crossbody styles, backpacks and small pouches are helping drive these results and contributed to the 44% growth in accessories in quarter 2. Our teams will continue to create innovative solutions over the coming months and seasons as we realize the meaningful opportunity to expand our bag assortment.  
 Looking specifically at the Everywhere Belt Bag, I am pleased we generated strong double-digit growth on top of last year's strength. Consistent with our strategy to develop franchises from our most popular styles, our accessories team expanded our assortment of Everywhere Belt Bags across multiple sizes, color waves, prints and patterns and the guests are responding incredibly well.  
 Turning to footwear. We are making steady progress in this category, and I'm excited with how our team continues to evolve the offering. We recently introduced Chargefeel 2, an update to our most versatile run to train style, and we are gearing up for the launch of men's footwear next year. 
 Looking now at the second half of the year, I am pleased with our pipeline of innovation. In women's, we will launch an exciting new collection in the fall, which will show our continued ability to address the unmet needs of our guests. Stay tuned for additional details.  
 On the men's side, recently in quarter 3, we launched 2 new franchises, the steady state and our soft jersey collection, both of which are exceeding our expectations. Steady state is constructed from the same fabric used in our scuba franchise, and is a great example of how we can leverage our technical fabrics across genders. Our soft jersey collection includes several styles, all in our jersey fabric, which provides guests with incredible softness and is quick drying, stretchy and sweat-wicking.  
 These collections enhance our men's lounge offering and are consistent with how we view our overall On The Move assortment. These products are designed for lounge but made from technical fabric and offer performance features. Later in quarter 3, we will expand our outerwear offering with new styles of vests, jackets and waterproof down. And in quarter 4, we will launch a new performance fabric designed specifically for cold weather runs. 
 These are just a few examples of how we consistently bring innovation into our core while at the same time, expand into new categories. We are still in the early innings of our product journey and have significant opportunity ahead of us as we continue to solve for the unmet needs of our guests.  
 While product innovation is a key tenet of our Power of Three x2 growth plan, we also have a real opportunity to increase our brand awareness. As we previously discussed, our unaided brand awareness is still only 25% in the United States. And with the exception of the U.K. and Australia, our unaided awareness remains in the single digits in every market in which we operate outside of North America.  
 In 2023, we have accelerated our efforts to increase awareness and consideration for lululemon, and we are seeing gains in key growth markets across the globe. Last quarter, we spoke about several initiatives, including the initial phases of our Get Into It campaign, our Dupe Swap event in Los Angeles and the launch of the further initiative. 
 In quarter 3, we have several activations and campaigns on deck that will support our key product launches, begin to build excitement for the upcoming holiday season and increase overall awareness of the lululemon brand across the globe.  
 Let me share some highlights. Given the positive reception to our Get Into It campaign, we'll continue to highlight our leadership position in bottoms with another installment in quarter 3. For women, the campaign will focus on our core franchises and feature our global ambassador and professional tennis player, Leylah Fernandez.  
 And for men, we'll elevate our ABC franchise with the support from some fun and exciting special guests. The campaign will include digital media assets across our stores and e-commerce sites. As well, we'll also test some targeted television in the U.S. 
 In EMEA, we will build on our soft launch with Zalando in June with a larger consumer-facing launch on this popular e-commerce site. Our relationship with Zalando is not wholesale as we fulfill orders ourselves, and it is an excellent way for us to bring new guests into the lululemon brand across Europe, where Zalando is a strong and leading player.  
 And finally, we'll release our global well-being index in the coming weeks to raise awareness and celebrate World Mental Health Day in October. We are excited about the ongoing opportunity to grow brand awareness in the U.S. and across all our international markets. Our grassroots approach to building community and engaging with guests remains unchanged, but we are also increasing the number and frequency of larger scale activations and global brand campaigns. And we are doing this within the confines of our P&L and keeping overall marketing spend relatively stable as a percentage to sales on an annual basis.  
 In addition, the continued acceleration in our top line unlocks dollars that we are then able to strategically invest behind our initiatives to drive brand awareness, leveraging both earned and paid media in new and creative ways. Shifting now to our regional growth drivers. We continue to see broad-based strength. Specifically, revenue in North America grew 11% in quarter 2 and international increased 52%.  
 Within international, we delivered strong growth across all markets and continue to see great acceptance of our brand in Greater China, where revenue grew 61%. 
 Within North America, we remain pleased with the underlying strength of the business with double-digit growth in quarter 2, consistent with our Power of Three x2 target, and we continue to gain market share. 
 In quarter 2, the adult active apparel industry decreased its U.S. revenue compared to the same period last year. Over this time period, lululemon gained 1.3 points of market share in the U.S. with gains in both men's and women's according to Circana's consumer tracking service. 
 In the back half of 2023, as I mentioned, we have a compelling pipeline of innovation planned. We will continue to focus on acquiring new guests as we solve for their unmet needs. And thus far in quarter 3, I can also share that we are seeing our business in North America accelerate relative to quarter 2.  
 Turning to international. Our business remains strong and balanced across regions. In quarter 2, total international represented 22% of sales versus 17% in quarter 2 last year. And while expanding nicely, this penetration still remains below our long-term target, which reinforces just how early we are in our growth journey. 
 Let me now share some recent regional highlights. In China, we celebrated the National Fitness Day in August with the third installment of our summer sweat games. Through this activation, our local teams hosted regional competitions across the country which culminated in a national final held this past weekend in Shenzhen. This year, the games included 3,400 participants from more than 100 stores in 36 cities. Our APAC and EMEA region also continued to perform well.  
 In Australia, we are beginning to reap the benefits of our store optimization program as well as the recent rollout of ship from store in this market. This is our most mature market outside of North America, and we still have ample opportunity to drive growth this year and into the foreseeable future.  
 We also opened our first store in Thailand in July, which marked the 100th location in the APAC region. The pent-up demand for the lululemon brand in this market was clear and the opening of the store in Bangkok was our strongest ever in the APAC region. In addition, we've seen a noticeable uptick in travel and tourism within APAC, which is also having a positive impact on our business.  
 And in EMEA, in August, we opened our second store in Amsterdam, which reflects our expanding community and our ongoing investment in this key European city to grow the lululemon brand. It's incredibly exciting for all of us at lululemon to see the strong acceptance of our brand across all markets within our international business. With each new store opening, we see a groundswell of support that welcomes lululemon into the community. Our runway for growth is substantial, and I am optimistic about the future as we continue to expand our business.  
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Meghan for a review of our financials and our updated guidance. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. Our momentum remains strong in Q2, enabling us to exceed both our top and bottom line guidance. In addition, our inventory growth continued to moderate about 14% versus our guidance of approximately 20%, and it remains well positioned from both a level and composition standpoint. I'm also excited to see our sales strength continuing into Q3 as guests are responding well to our back-to-school and early fall product innovations.  
 Now let's dive into our Q2 financials. For Q2, total net revenue rose 18% to $2.2 billion, driven by broad-based strength across the business. Comparable sales increased 13% with a 9% increase in stores and a 17% increase in e-commerce. 
 In our store channel, total sales increased 21% versus last year. We ended the quarter with a total of 672 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 19% versus last year, driven by the addition of 72 net new lululemon stores since Q2 of 2022.  
 During the quarter, we opened 10 net new stores and completed 4 optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues totaled $894 million or 40% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 11% versus last year. Within international, we saw a 52% increase versus last year with Greater China increasing 61%. And by category, women's revenue increased 16% versus last year, men's increased 15% and accessories grew 44%.  
 It's also great to see ongoing strength in traffic across both channels. In both stores and digital channels, traffic increased over 20%. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $1.3 billion or 58.8% of net revenue compared to 56.5% of net revenue in Q2 2022.  
 The gross profit rate in Q2 increased 230 basis points versus last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 330 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from freight favorability, we remain pleased with the product margin strength we continue to realize on top of the strong gains over the last several years. The combination of product and supply chain costs and occupancy deleveraged 70 basis points in the quarter, driven predominantly by ongoing investment in product development and supply chain. We also saw 30 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.  
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $817 million or 37% of net revenue compared to 35.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. We achieved better-than-expected deleverage in the quarter, driven predominantly by our top line strength while continuing to invest behind our strategic initiatives to build brand awareness among additional investments we've accelerated to fuel our Power Of Three x2 road map.  
 Foreign exchange, both translation and revaluation, contributed 60 basis points of leverage in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $479 million or 21.7% of net revenue compared to adjusted operating margin of 20.9% of net revenue in Q2 2022.  
 Tax expense for the quarter was $145 million, or 29.8% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 28.2% a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $342 million or $2.68 per diluted share compared to adjusted EPS of $2.20 for the second quarter of 2022. Capital expenditures were approximately $146 million for the quarter compared to approximately $145 million in the second quarter last year.
 The spend in Q2 of this year relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, technology and supply chain costs. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory was $1.7 billion at the end of Q2, up 14% versus last year. At the end of Q3, we expect inventory to be up in the high single to low double digits versus last year.  
 The relatively low growth rate is due to the provision for MIRROR hardware we took in Q4 2022 and have not yet anniversaried. In Q4, we continue to expect inventory growth to be relatively in line with sales growth. We repurchased approximately 517,000 shares at an average price of $371. At the end of Q2, we had approximately $454 million remaining on our $1 billion repurchase program.  
 Let me shift now to our guidance outlook. We continue to be very pleased with the strength of our business as Q2 exceeded our expectations, and Q3 is off to a solid start. The upside we've seen in the first half of the year allows us to invest into our strategic initiatives to set ourselves up for future growth, while at the same time, flowing some of that upside through to the bottom line.  
 With that being said, we remain aware of the uncertainties that exist in the current macro environment and consistent with our approach over the last several years, we continue to be prudent and plan the business for multiple scenarios. 
 Now let me begin with Q3. We expect revenue in the range of $2.165 billion to $2.19 billion, representing growth of 17% to 18%. We expect to open 23 net new company-operated stores in Q3. We expect gross margin in Q3 to increase 160 to 180 basis points relative to Q3 of 2022. This will be driven by lower freight expense, offset somewhat by strategic investments to support future growth, including supply chain, distribution centers and product teams as well as modest deleverage on occupancy and depreciation.  
 In Q3, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 200 to 220 basis points relative to Q3 2022. This deleverage continues to reflect our strategic decision to invest in growth initiatives including those to grow brand awareness globally. When looking at operating margin for Q3, we expect approximately 40 basis points of contraction relative to last year. 
 Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $2.23 to $2.28 versus EPS of $2 a year ago.  
 Shifting to the full year 2023. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $9.51 billion to $9.57 billion. This range represents growth of 17% to 18% relative to 2022 and exceeds the revenue target in our Power of Three x2 growth plan. We now expect to open approximately 55 net new company-operated stores in 2023 and complete approximately 25 co-located remodels. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low teens. 
 Our new store openings in 2023 will include approximately 35 stores in our international markets with the majority of these planned for China.  
 For the full year, we now forecast gross margin to increase between 190 and 210 basis points versus 2022. The expansion relative to last year is driven predominantly by lower air freight expense. For the full year, we now expect airfreight to be down approximately 210 basis points versus 2022.  
 When looking at markdowns for the full year, we continue to expect them to be relatively in line with last year in 2019. 
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We continue to forecast deleverage of 150 to 170 basis points versus 2022. While we continue to plan the business prudently, our sales trend has been strong. As I mentioned earlier, this gives us the opportunity to invest into our Power of Three x2 growth pillars while also delivering operating margin this year ahead of our goal for modest expansion annually.  
 When looking at operating margins for the full year 2023, we now expect it to increase 40 to 60 basis points versus last year. 
 For the full year 2023, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. For Q3, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30.5%. For the fiscal year 2023, we now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $12.02 to $12.17 versus adjusted EPS of $10.07 in 2022. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases.  
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $670 million to $690 million for 2023. This increase versus 2022 reflects investments to support business growth, including the continuation of our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. Our range of $670 million to $690 million is approximately 7% of revenue in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%. 
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. As these results demonstrate, we arrive at the midpoint of 2023 in a very strong position for what's ahead. We continue to deliver sustained growth in the business through a steady drumbeat of product category and market expansions that connects us with our guests on a regular basis. We recognize the significant opportunity in front of us and we remain focused on both delivering a successful 2023 and achieving our goals contained within the Power of Three x2 growth plan.  
 My confidence in our leadership and our people remains extremely high as we consistently demonstrate our ability to deliver for our guests and our shareholders. 
 I'm grateful to the many teams across lululemon who champion our brand every day and make these results possible. 
 And now we look forward to taking your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another nice quarter. So Calvin, could you elaborate on the broad-based global strength, notably customer demand that you saw in North America and China as the second quarter progressed. And then on more recent trends, could you just speak to drivers of the strong August momentum and the acceleration that you cited in North America? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. Similar to the success through the first half of this year, which is really driven from our core product as well as our new innovation across both performance and OTM categories across both women's and men's -- so it continues to be that balanced growth across categories, channels, both stores, e-comm and all markets that's fueling the business.  
 And heading into Q3, there's really no change to that formula, and the team is doing a wonderful job and guests are responding to the new innovation that we are launching. I referenced a few on the call, the soft jersey, steady state for him.  
 We have some exciting innovation still to come. So I think it's just a continuation of low unaided brand awareness, and we are launching initiatives to get at that opportunity, incredible product opportunity and the teams delivering on that on unmet needs and our international business, which, in addition to North America is still performing very strongly, double-digit in line with our Power of Three x2 growth targets, seeing acceleration across every market in the globe we're in. So -- it really is a reflection of my consistent message of us being early innings and balanced growth across all opportunity we have and a team that's delivering on that potential. 
Matthew Boss: That's great. And then, Meghan, could you just speak to the overall health and composition of your current inventory position as we head into the back half. And just how best to think about markdowns in the third quarter? Or are there any constraints to recapturing the markdown headwinds that you incurred in the fourth quarter a year ago? 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely, Matt. So in terms of inventory, so we came in up 14% at the end of the quarter, our expectation was approximately 20%. Relative to our expectation, there were a few items that drove that balance lower. So the first would be revenue upside above our expectations. Second being lower air freight costs and then the third being some timing implications. And in terms of how we're looking at inventory for the balance of the year, at the end of Q3, we're expecting high single to low double digits.  
 And then in Q4, end of Q4, relatively in line with sales as we move into 2024. So I would say overall, we're really pleased with the currency and also the level of our inventory. In terms of markdowns, nothing really to note on the quarters. We're still expecting markdowns to be relatively flat on an annual basis for '23 over '22, and that's consistent also with our 2019 levels, which is a normalized healthy level for us. We run a low markdown penetration, high full price penetration business. We were flat in Q2, markdowns year-over-year, and I wouldn't expect any anomalies in Q3 and Q4. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Congratulations. The results are really -- they really stand-alone. Calvin, so the business is being driven by innovation, product launches and newness, whereas sort of the competitive backdrop is a little bit more safe. And I'm just wondering how -- have you been able to sort of inspire that? It feels like you're innovating faster. Every time you get on a call, there's like another list of 5 new things that we didn't know about.  
 So I'm just wondering, have you accelerated the innovation turnover time, the pipeline or the investment? And then Meghan, if you can just talk to us about kind of the China, the opportunity there, the sales are almost double sort of what you have in Canada and the year-to-date sales are roughly similar at $0.5 billion. So just kind of talking about the improvement there and what you think about the opportunities there? 
Calvin McDonald: All right. Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of our speed of innovation, I would agree that the pipeline and the launches within each quarter continue to get very strong and excited about the balance across our accessories business, our women's business, our men's business. I think it is an execution of a very deliberate innovation strategy that we've been working through the Power of Three and into the Power of Three x2 strategy. 
 You've heard me reference our play categories and being very deliberate in terms of what we design into and then leveraging our core, how we leverage versatility, but continue to innovate against some of those core hero franchises that he and she loves so that we don't simply launch and then just allow it to run without enhancements, improvements and adding to. 
 Sharing across gender. For instance, in this quarter, we took our famous scuba fabric and brought that into a steady state for him, which was an opportunity we saw in our assortment that we were missing. So I think what you continue to see is just the team executing on the strategy.  
 We have a horizon of innovation across horizons 1, 2, 3, which can be anywhere from 1 to 3, 4 years as we keep looking to solve the unmet needs of our guests and where and how, but we have a lot that we're able to bring forward and commercialize as well as having a lot that the team continues to work on for future quarters and future years. And feel very excited about our ability to sell through core, innovate core and then bring true innovation to the guest through that notion of unmet needs versus unmet wants. And I think that's driving our business that we're truly solving, which is a unique standout in this marketplace. 
Meghan Frank: And then, Adrienne, in terms of China, we are really pleased with the performance there in the quarter, up 61% in Greater China. We have 100 stores today in China. We're opening 35 stores in an international region this year, the majority of those in the China market. As Calvin mentioned, we've had some exciting community activations still looking to build brand awareness and drive into that opportunity there. And then over the longer term, we've set approximately 200 stores at the end of our 5-year plan, and I think -- there's also a beyond there as well in terms of still very early innings on our China growth. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Fantastic results. Best of luck. 
Meghan Frank: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Meghan, you've pulled a lot of investments forward into 2023 as gross margins continue to be. Can you give us some examples of the most successful investments? And then also talk to your ability to generate leverage on this line item as we move into 2024? 
Meghan Frank: Absolutely, Lorraine. So we've been really excited with the revenue momentum we've had and then also the progress that we've made on recouping air freight expense.  
 So our guidance now on revenue is 17% to 18% growth ahead of our original target and then margin, guiding to 190 to 210 basis points with airfreight really being the driver there. So what it's done is it's given us the ability to invest behind our Power of Three x2 road map. So that would include market expansion, notably international, specifically China as a key focus there, improving guest experience and omni capabilities and then a foundational investments to drive the business forward. And I think coupled with that, what we're really excited with is you heard us talk on Analyst Day about the tremendous opportunity we have in brand awareness.  
 And this upside has given us an opportunity, particularly in the second half of this year to invest in marketing activations to drive that brand awareness, really capitalizing on some of the key innovation moments we have coming up in the second half of the year. So that, we believe, will drive into our long-term opportunity and sustain our momentum. So we're a little bit ahead of where we were. We were expecting to be from a Power of Three x2 initiative road map, and then that's coupled with driving into some upside opportunity on brand awareness.  
 In terms of leverage, we're really focused on operating margin and feel good about maintaining our commitment to modest operating margin expansion over the longer term. I think as we get closer to '24, we'll put a finer point on where we see the components of the P&L shaping up next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just want to talk about the China business. Would love to hear about what sort of volatility you saw in China over the quarter. And if you could talk about how stores performed versus e-comm? And where are store productivity levels running in China currently versus North America? 
Meghan Frank: Paul, I would say in terms of China volatility, we really didn't experience any over the course of the quarter. I would say, really strong healthy growth across each of the 3 months of the quarter. And then I'll let Calvin comment on store and e-comm performance. 
Calvin McDonald: In terms of both channels, they're performing incredibly well in the market. We now have 107 stores in Mainland China, predominantly Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, but still see opportunity to grow as well as look to opportunities into Tier 3. Every store we've opened has exceeded plan, our optimization of some stores as we did with our Kerry Center location, which is really our first bigger, more experiential store in country is performing incredibly well. And as you know, online business in China is different than that of other markets where our .cn is a lower percentage of our overall business, and we do work through partners such as Tmall, JD to grow our business. But on the back of those platforms and leveraging some of the B2B and working direct and selling direct to our guests through their clienteling platform.  
 The team is doing some incredible initiatives and learnings for us globally and driving the overall e-commerce business. So very strong in both -- great guest acquisition in both -- it's helping us determine new markets, new opportunities and locations that we can continue to open and build into. And our stores are really driving the brand the way in which we traditionally do in all markets, which is grassroots community and through the educators.  
 And from a productivity standpoint, they're behind North America, but performing very well, just slightly behind. They're smaller in size, but we see a significant opportunity, obviously, in the success of that -- of our store footprint, both productivity driving the brand, coupled with e-comm. So very exciting and good and balanced growth across all of those levers. 
Paul Lejuez: So what's the profitability in that China market currently versus where you think it can go longer term? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I'd say we haven't broken out the profitability specifically. It's very healthy. Closest to our North America region. I think in the near term, what we're really focused on is capitalizing on the opportunity we have in that market, not necessarily maximizing that operating margin, but that would present an opportunity also over the long term as we scale that market. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen. 
John Kernan: Excellent. Calvin, when you talk to international up 52%, I think it's 23% of revenue now. I guess this dovetails into Paul's question, the margin structure of this business is seemingly very high. I think this is your highest quarterly gross margin in history in the second quarter. So maybe just talk to internationally broadly about how that's contributing to the margin expansion you're seeing this year? 
Calvin McDonald: I'll tee up relative to the market, the success you mentioning at 23% of our sales and where we see the potential across the market. I'll let Meghan speak to the margin. I think we indicated on the last quarter that in every market, every region we're in, we're profitable and early innings of growth didn't seem that long ago when international was 14% of our total sales, 15% of our total sales.  
 So to be crossing the 20% consistently to have it contributing to the growth of the overall business is incredibly exciting to see every market we're in, the business growing double digit and consistently and having some of the lowest unaided brand awareness we have in the company. It's single digit in every market, except for Australia and the U.K. where we've been in the longest, but even there, it's in the teens. So we have a significant runway of growth in international business.  
 And at 23%, I think we really are just getting started. I've shared before that the potential of this brand is, I think, 50-50 beyond our current Power of Three x2. But I don't see anything that would hold us back from being a global brand to that scale, diversified and balanced in multiple markets. and all markets today being profitable with significant growth through product unaided brand awareness. And Meghan, if you want to touch on the margin mix? 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely. So for the full year, we guided a 40 to 60 basis points of expansion in operating margin year-over-year. That's about 20 to 40 basis points above 2019 levels. So we're really pleased with that performance. Within that international is still below North America profitability. As I mentioned, China being the closest really looking to maximize that market. And then APAC and EMEA, still some opportunity in terms of operating margin expansion in the near term as we continue to scale those markets. So I would say, over the longer term, focused on driving into the brand awareness and revenue opportunity, store expansion we have in the international market, scaling and leveraging over time. 
John Kernan: Excellent. My 1 follow-up is just on other categories. It's obviously been a bigger driver of revenue. It should be well north of $1 billion annually this year. You talk to the growth of that category line item and how we should think about that going forward? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So within our other categories that are franchise businesses as well as seasonal pop-ups, those would be the largest components. We also have outlets in lululemon Studio. I would say the growth being driven by new franchise markets as well as relatively consistent, I would say, performance in terms of seasonals and pop-ups. And so I would say we'll continue to scale markets within that bucket and capitalize on the opportunity we have there with our franchise model with another going forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Congrats on another nice quarter. Two questions, I'll shove together. I mean first, I apologize if this is repetitive, but you talked about the further strengthening of your business here into fiscal Q3, specifically August. So -- can you help us understand better, I mean, where -- what's driving that? Are there particular product categories, particularly geographies you're seeing that happen? Then I have a follow-up. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brian. I think it's a combination of some of the new innovation that came out at the tail end of Q2 that is set up in position for sort of back half needs in men's. We've seen incredible response to the soft jersey and steady state. We're geared up for the ABC campaign of Get Into It, which I'm really excited about, having men's play along with women's being featured in that. We've activated accessories across our bags.  
 We've done some digital campaigning in certain regions relative to back to campus, which has resonated well and driven some of our core products in terms of the bottoms in both women's and men's. So -- it's been a variety of activations, a combination of getting at unaided awareness through campaigning, leveraging our core as well as some newness and innovation that is resonating in both he and she are responding very well to and that's consistent across all markets, and we've seen a nice response in North America. So it's a similar formula, a similar approach to that, really driven, I think, from a North American business has responded well, I think, as we head into the fall and back to campus. 
Brian Nagel: That's very helpful, Calvin. I appreciate that. And then my follow-up question with regard to inventory. So just look at the numbers and given your comments, I mean, you've done a phenomenal job of really rationalizing if you will, inventories. So my question, I mean, given the level of concern that was in the marketplace, say, just a few quarters ago about inventory, both on lulu and in the channel.  
 As you look at your inventories now, are we -- recognize you always have to manage inventories, but are we really now past that critical point? Is there some type of all clear with regard to your inventory and the cleanliness of that inventory? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I mean I would say we've made some significant progress. We still have some degree of elevated airfreight in our inventory balance on a cost basis. And so I would say not completely optimized and turns are a little bit slower than history, and our goal over the longer term would to get those inventory turns back to normalized historical rates. So still some opportunity, but I think the team has done a nice job in navigating what was a really dynamic supply chain and positioning inventory so that we were able to capitalize on the demand upside that we saw and experienced. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on your terrific performance. It's great to see the progress. As you think about the traffic, which was so impactful, both for stores and for e-commerce. Any discussion regarding the loyalty programs? Is that a driver of this? And where do you stand on the loyalty programs with that enhancement? And then Calvin, as you're mentioning new product, I know outerwear is a big thing for last year. How do you see the AUR developing? And are we moving into a higher AUR zone going forward with some of the newness? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Dana. As you mentioned, the traffic was very strong and pretty much completely in line across both stores and e-comm. So continuing to drive that omni strategy and have the guests connect with us wherever is convenient for them, has been a strategy of ours and continues to resonate and drive our business. And we're cycling over the success of some categories and items last year that really drove traffic. So very healthy, strong numbers on top of strong numbers, which is very encouraging as we look at just how the guests both new and existing are engaging with us.  
 I think membership is a part of that. We've had it before membership, but with the membership program obviously is allowing us is more deliberate ways to engage with that guest. And I mentioned that it's not going to be a number we consistently share. But I will indicate that the program continues to far exceed our expectations. We launched this less than a year ago. And we now have 12 million of our guests signed up in North America to the Essentials membership program, which is a significant unlock for us, our teams, it allows us to play into our strength of community, relationship, allows us to leverage benefits that are unique to that guest to that member.  
 And allows us to interact with data and communicate with them that is very effective for our digital marketing teams as well as our store teams and look at the history and assist the guests in the way in which we do. 
 So it is an exciting new program for us that we have a lot of ideas and initiatives planned, how we will continue to leverage. I think it's a part of it. I wouldn't point all to it. I think ultimately, it's the success of the brand, success of our product and product innovation, why the guests comes to lululemon. And we see that continuing through for the Power of Three x2 period and beyond. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just 2 clarification questions for me. Just on the quarter-to-date North America acceleration, is that full revenue comp or both? And then on China, 60% growth was great. Just kind of curious in terms of the revenue guidance for the remainder of the year, what kind of growth are you guys baking in for China for the back half? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Ike. So in terms of the acceleration in North America specifically, it would be total and comp. In terms of China, we haven't broken out the second half of the year by region. But we are coming off a very strong performance, 61% growth in Q1 -- sorry, Q2 in Greater China. And feeling well positioned as we move into the second half of the year, as I mentioned, 107 stores in China today, 35 stores international. And the majority of those being China openings. And I would say we're pleased with our performance in China as we move into this. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I was hoping you could elaborate on the composition of North America growth between new and existing customers. How are those customer cohorts performing as they enter the brand? And are you seeing any difference in customer behavior by age or income demographic? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. In terms of the overall composition, I'll speak directly to sort of how we view the cohorts. And I think I've mentioned before, that the new guest cohorts are performing and behaving very similar to how that cohort has behaved in past quarters, past years. That's very encouraging for us because we did see through the success last year of the Everywhere Belt Bag that it did pull in a younger guest to see them in the cohort and that cohort behaving similar nature of how they engage the frequency of engagement and the migration of their spend is encouraging.  
 And we still see our business driven by new guests coming in as well as our team's ability to retain existing guests and increase share of wallet and spend with them. So nothing that would signal they're behaving differently in very healthy and contributing factor to the overall business, both with new existing very low retained, very high guest loyalty, longevity and engagement in the brand and responding to the newness and the innovation continues to sort of be that guest formula. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take 1 more question. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Congrats on another good quarter. One for me. Just on the stores, it looks like they could be at over $6 million a pop in revenue or so on average this year. It's definitely a high number per box. So I'm just wondering, maybe Meghan, how do you think about the trajectory from here? What drives that number higher? And on a related note, how do you think about the store growth opportunity from here in North America specifically? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Alex. So in terms of sales per store and sales per square foot, it's definitely a key part of our strategy to expand our box size in locations where we have high sales per square foot, high traffic to capitalize on that traffic. So we are opening approximately 25 what we call co-located stores, which are really expansion. It allows us to have a more holistic assortment across men's, women's accessories, footwear and as I mentioned, capitalize on that traffic trend. So it's a key strategy for us and one that we monitor closely. We're definitely further along in that strategy in North America than we are in our international markets, we're still very early days on that.  
 But still runway, I would say, across both our North America and international region in terms of store expansion and a very measured and deliberate strategy. And then I would say -- sorry, can you remind me the second half of your question? 
Alexandra Straton: On the store growth opportunity in North America, specifically? 
Meghan Frank: We haven't broken out the specifics, but I would say we're not dissimilar from this year and square footage growth in the low double digits range. Globally, high single digits in North America. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-06-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investors site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone, to our call today. I'm happy to be here to discuss quarter 1 and share with you our strong start to 2023, which shows the continued momentum in the business. As you've read in our press release, we delivered top and bottom line results that exceeded our guidance. We continue to engage with guests across the globe and drive our business with new and innovative technical products.
 On today's call, I'll provide updates on our quarter 1 performance, our community-based model, which is powered by our new membership program. I'll also share highlights on our product performance as well as our international business. And then I'll turn it over to Meghan for a review of our financials and a guidance update. Then we'll take your questions. So lots to share. Let's get started.
 In quarter 1, as I mentioned, the business delivered strength across both the top and bottom line. Revenue increased 24% versus last year, balanced across category, channel and region. Women's was up 22%, men's was up 17%, and accessories was up 67%. Comparable sales grew 16% in stores and 18% in our e-commerce business. And by region, North America grew 17% and international increased 60%.
 Within international, we saw a meaningful acceleration in the Greater China business with revenue increasing 79%. EPS was strong as well, increasing 54% versus last year to $2.28. This strength was driven by revenue, gross margin and SG&A, all coming in better than our guidance. So a great start to the year, fueled by our product and people.
 For today, I'd like to devote some time to talk about our community-based model. Not only does our approach allow us to connect uniquely and authentically with our guests, it also drives incrementality of spend and increases LTV as guests engage more with our brand. We are celebrating our 25th anniversary this year, and community has been at the core of our brand since day 1.
 Within North America, 8 months ago, we embarked on an expansion of our model with our Essentials membership program. Through this free-to-join program, we gained deeper knowledge on how our guests like to sweat and what aspects of our brand are most meaningful to them. We can leverage the data and insights to help develop future activations, invite them to the events that are most relevant to them and inform our product pipeline with opportunities around unmet needs.
 Our stores are an integral part of this ecosystem as they provide connection points within local communities across the world and serve many purposes, including allowing our guests to interact with our educators to learn about our product, the technical innovations that can be found within our assortment and the unmet needs they solve.
 Secondly, our stores act as hubs for our local ambassadors and fitness studios. Guests looking for new ways to sweat in their neighborhood need only enter the local lululemon store where our educators will point them to the best studios in town.
 Thirdly, our stores are the focal point for local events that range from hosting run clubs and other sweat sessions to parties and community celebrations.
 And finally, our stores provide support for some of our larger-scale activations, such as our 10K runs, product launches, including footwear and our lululemon Studio launch last fall.
 In quarter 1, we saw a meaningful increase in the number of community events compared to the same period last year, and this brings us back to the prepandemic levels. Key celebrations in the quarter included our Align Campus Haul Pass event to increase awareness of our new Align styles with our younger guests. And exclusively for Essential members, we ran 6 events across 3 cities, in Houston, Chicago and Boston, which were a great success and hugely oversubscribed.
 Most recently, May has been a big month for activations. We went live with our new lululemon Studio digital app earlier this week. The app, which will help us broaden our TAM, offers guests in the U.S. access to our industry-leading content for only $12.99 per month without needing to purchase hardware.
 We announced our FURTHER initiative. Further will demonstrate how far women can go when they're supported with resources and product innovations typically reserved for men. This initiative will include a scientific research program which takes a holistic approach to addressing the existing sex and gender data gap in endurance performance, new women's first product innovations, community activations and a giveback component to support young women. In addition, the program will culminate in a multiday women's-only ultramarathon starting on the International Women's Day 2024. At its core, this initiative supports lululemon's commitment to innovation, solving for unmet needs and driving brand awareness.
 In addition, we tapped into dupe culture with our Align Legging Dupe Swap event in L.A. Our team set up a 2-day pop-up at the Century City Mall and asked guests to trade in their dupe leggings for a pair of our iconic Align Leggings. For us, the primary purpose of this event was new guest acquisition and increasing brand awareness for being the original in leggings.
 Overall, it was a resounding success. It generated more than 1 billion earned media impressions and was covered by national and international media outlets in addition to creating viral social media buzz. About 50% of the guests who traded in dupes are new to our brand. Approximately half of the guests who attended, some of whom started waiting in lines as early as 3 a.m., were under 30 years old. And while I won't get into specifics, the leggings that guests traded in ran the gamut in terms of brands and price points.
 We view our community model as one of our biggest competitive advantages. With connection points across both the physical and digital, our ecosystem powered by membership supports our leadership position in developing and cultivating omni guest relationships. We engage with guests in ways that are more than just transactional by creating deeper connections and more holistic relationships. This in turn builds our brand awareness, drives purchases and contributes to our strong financial performance.
 Let's shift now to our product innovation. Guests responded well to our spring merchandise assortment as we continue to bring compelling innovation across our core and play activities in footwear. In women's, we saw continued strength in many of our key franchises, including Scuba, Define and Align.
 When looking specifically at women's bottoms, we saw growth of 22%. While women's bottoms is our most mature category, our teams continue to update and enhance existing styles, bring innovation via new fabric technologies and create new styles and silhouettes that solve for unmet needs. In quarter 1, our strength in women's bottoms was driven by our iconic Dance Studio pants, which has always been a guest favorite and is currently experiencing a resurgence in popularity; the newest additions to our Align franchise, including the Mini Flare and Wide Leg; and our incredibly soft and smooth Softstreme bottoms.
 In men's, guests continue to respond well to our iconic ABC, Commission and Pace Breaker franchises. In accessories, I'm thrilled with the strength we continue to see across our assortment. While it is the smallest of our 3 major merchandise categories, it is a growing piece of our business that we fuel with innovation, just as we do across women's and men's. In quarter 1, guests responded well to our collection of bags, backpacks and duffles.
 And we continue to bring newness and innovation into our footwear assortment. In quarter 1, we launched an updated and enhanced version of the Blissfeel running shoe. And just last week, we launched the Blissfeel Trail. This shoe was our first road-to-trail running shoe designed to offer traction and durability for guests who love to run on the trails and off the road.
 Our Be Planet initiatives are also driving product innovation in support of our 2030 goal to make 100% of our products with sustainable materials and end-of-use solutions. For Earth Day in April, we debuted our first capsule collection made with plant-based nylon in collaboration with Geno, a leader in the sustainable material space. More recently, we announced a new partnership with Australian and viral tech start-up, Samsara Eco, to scale circularity through textile-to-textile recycling, which is a very cool technology. Together with Samsara, we're working towards recycling our apparel back into new products, bringing us one step closer to our end-to-end vision of circularity. This partnership, along with our other Be Planet initiatives, including Like New and our collaboration with Geno, is the latest example of how we are taking a leadership position in our sector and driving toward a circular ecosystem by 2030.
 Turning now to our product pipeline. Let's take a look at quarter 2. We're continuing to build out our golf and tennis collections with versatile styles that can be worn both on and off the course and court. The second installment of our Get Into It campaign launched 2 weeks ago and featured both technical shorts and new on-the-move styles for both him and her. And for men, we'll be expanding our offering of train tops with new styles using our Drysense fabric technology. These are just a few examples of how we continue to bring innovation into all areas of our assortment, solve for the unmet needs of our guests, increase wallet share and grow our brand awareness.
 Before I turn it over to Meghan to discuss our financials, I'll take a moment to share some geographical highlights with you. As you know, 1 of the 3 key pillars of our Power of Three x2 plan is international. We have a target to quadruple our business outside North America between 2021 and 2026. This will be driven predominantly by our existing markets, but we'll be entering some exciting new markets as well.
 In 2022, international represented only 16% of our revenue, and I remain optimistic about our runway of global growth. As I stated earlier, our business remained strong in North America and across our international regions. In quarter 1, revenue in North America increased 17%, while we saw a 60% growth in international. In Greater China, we experienced a significant sequential acceleration in the business relative to quarter 4 as the effects of COVID-19 subsided. In total, revenue in Greater China increased 79% in quarter 1, ahead of our expectations and just one more sign of the potential within this market.
 I had a chance to visit Shanghai in mid-April for the first time in 3 years, and it was great to see how much our brand has grown in the city. We walked through the neighborhoods we serve, visited our new stores, and I was impressed by the incredible brand experiences we are bringing to the local community. In addition, spending time with our educators as they engage with guests and bring our culture to life is always one of my favorite parts of being in market.
 In EMEA, we're off to a great start in Spain, a market that we entered last fall. And with the help of a franchise partner, we recently opened our first store in Tel Aviv with Israel becoming the 24th market globally for lululemon. We know that the Israeli guest has been engaging with our brand while traveling to other regions, and now we'll be able to bring our product innovation and community and guest experiences directly to them in their home market.
 In APAC, business remains robust as well. And in the coming months, I'm pleased that we will enter Thailand with our first store in Bangkok. Our approach to increasing brand awareness and growing revenue internationally is rooted in the same tenets as what has fueled our success in North America. This includes our multichannel direct-to-consumer model, our community-based approach to brand building, our innovative product assortment and the deep and direct connections we have with our guests. I'm excited for what the future holds for our global business as we continue to execute the Power of Three x2 growth plan.
 And with that, I'll now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'm happy to be here today to discuss our recent financial performance and provide you with our outlook for Q2 and our updated guidance for the year.
 In Q1, sales, gross margin, SG&A, EPS and inventory all came in better than our guidance. Guests responded well to our spring merchandise assortment, we saw sales trends accelerate in Greater China, and we connected with our guests via multiple activations throughout the quarter. 2023 is off to a strong start, and based on our guidance, we continue to see solid momentum in Q2.
 Let me now share the details of our Q1 performance. Total net revenue rose 24% to $2 billion driven by continued strong execution across all parts of the business. Comparable sales increased 17%. In our store channel, comparable store sales increased 16%. We ended the quarter with a total of 662 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 22% versus last year driven by the addition of 83 net new lululemon stores since Q1 of 2022. During the quarter, we opened 7 net new stores and completed 3 optimizations.
 In our digital channel, comps increased 18% and contributed $835 million of top line or nearly 42% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 17% versus last year. And within international, we saw a 60% increase versus last year with Greater China increasing 79%. And by category, women's revenue increased 22% versus last year, men's increased 17%, and accessories grew 67%.
 It's also great to see ongoing strength in traffic across both channels. In both stores and digital channels, traffic increased approximately 30%. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them.
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $1.15 billion or 57.5% of net revenue compared to 53.9% of net revenue in Q1 2022. The gross profit rate in Q1 increased 360 basis points versus last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 430 basis point increase in product margin, resulting predominantly from lower airfreight as well as regional mix. Markdowns were in line with last year. Occupancy and depreciation leveraged 10 basis points in the quarter. These improvements were partially offset by a 30 basis point increase in product and supply chain costs driven by ongoing investment in product development and supply chain. In addition, FX deleveraged by 50 basis points, which was predominantly offset by a 40 basis point FX benefit within SG&A.
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $748 million or 37.4% of net revenue compared to 37.7% of net revenue for the same period last year. SG&A came in better than expected due to leverage on higher-than-planned sales and, to a lesser extent, a shift in timing of certain investments.
 Operating income for the quarter was $401 million or 20.1% of net revenue compared to 16.1% of net revenue in Q1 2022. Tax expense for the quarter was $119 million or 29.1% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 27% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to accruing for withholding tax on our unremitted earnings in Canada and a decrease in tax deductions related to stock-based compensation.
 Net income for the quarter increased 54% to $290 million or $2.28 per diluted share compared to $1.48 for the first quarter of 2022. Capital expenditures were $137 million for the quarter compared to $111 million in the first quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and also technology and supply chain investments.
 Turning now to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $951 million in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 24%, in line with sales growth and was $1.58 billion at the end of Q1. 
 We remain comfortable with our inventories, and we're well positioned to continue to fulfill guest demand. At the end of Q2, we expect inventory growth of approximately 20%. And we continue to expect inventory growth to be relatively in line with sales growth in the second half of 2023. 
 We repurchased approximately 300,000 shares at an average price of $336. At the end of Q1, we had $646 million remaining on our $1 billion repurchase program.
 Let me shift now to our guidance outlook. We continue to be mindful of the uncertainties in the macro environment, and as a result, we remain prudent as it relates to planning the business. That being said, we're pleased with the strength we experienced across the business in Q1 and also the start we've seen to Q2. The strength affords us the opportunity to invest in our strategic growth pillars while also delivering on our financial commitments we've laid out in our Power of Three x2 growth plan.
 Let me begin with Q2. We expect revenue in the range of $2.14 billion to $2.17 billion, representing growth of 15% to 16%. We expect to open 9 net new company-operated stores in Q2. We expect gross margin in Q2 to increase 200 to 220 basis points relative to Q2 of 2022. This will be driven by lower airfreight expense, offset somewhat by strategic investments to support future growth, including supply chain, distribution centers and product teams as well as modest deleverage on occupancy and depreciation.
 In Q2, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 190 to 210 basis points relative to Q2 of 2022. While a portion of this deleverage relates to the timing shift of certain investments, it also reflects our strategic decision to invest more in initiatives to grow brand awareness relative to our initial expectations. These initiatives include top-of-funnel brand building and community activations. 
 When looking at operating margin for Q2, we expect approximately 10 basis points of expansion, inclusive of our decision to increase investment into certain of our strategic initiatives.
 Turning to EPS. We expect earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $2.47 to $2.52 versus adjusted EPS of $2.20 a year ago. 
 Shifting now to the full year 2023. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $9.44 billion to $9.51 billion. This range represents growth of 16% to 17% relative to 2022 and is better than our Power of Three x2 growth plan. We expect to open approximately 50 net new company-operated stores in 2023 and complete approximately 25 co-located remodels. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low teens. Our new store openings in 2023 will include 30 to 35 stores in our international markets with the majority of these being planned for China.
 For the full year, we now forecast gross margin to increase between 180 to 200 basis points versus 2022. The expansion relative to last year is driven predominantly by lower airfreight expense. For the full year, we now expect airfreight to be down approximately 190 basis points versus 2022. When looking at markdowns for the full year, we continue to expect them to be relatively in line with last year in 2019.
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We now forecast deleverage of 150 to 170 basis points versus 2022. While we continue to plan the business prudently, our sales trend has been strong. As I mentioned earlier, this gives us the opportunity to invest behind our Power of Three x2 growth pillars while also delivering operating margin this year ahead of our goal for modest expansion annually.
 When looking at operating margin for the full year of 2023, we now expect it to increase by 30 to 50 basis points versus last year. For the full year 2023, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%, an increase over the 2022 adjusted effective tax rate of 28.1%. This is in line with our longer-term tax rate expectations we provided as part of our Power of Three x2 plan and reflects the increase we expect as a result of accruing for Canadian withholding taxes. For Q2, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%.
 For the fiscal year 2023, we now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $11.74 to $11.94 versus adjusted EPS of $10.07 in 2022. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases.
 We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $660 million to $680 million for 2023. The increase versus 2022 reflects investments to support business growth, including a continuation of our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. A range of $660 million to $680 million is approximately 7% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. Across lululemon, we are excited about the opportunity ahead of us. We continue to monitor the environment around us, but 2023 is off to a strong start, and we're pleased with our trends as we've entered quarter 2. Given the strength of our product pipeline, our unique approach to building communities, our international growth prospects and our initiatives to grow brand awareness, I'm optimistic that we will continue to deliver on the goal set forth in our Power of Three x2 growth plan.
 And in closing, I want to express my deep gratitude to the leaders and teams across lululemon who continue to deliver these results and bring our culture to life. I look forward to taking your questions now. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Rick Patel with Raymond James. 
Rakesh Patel: Can you dig a little deeper into the sources of the revenue beat versus your expectations? And as you look ahead, which categories and geographies do you have the most confidence in as we think about the rest of the year? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Rick. I'll talk about the drivers overall of our business and then chat quickly on how I see sort of the different regions continue to perform the rest of the year. At a high level, our business model is uniquely different versus our peers with some key competitive advantages, which begin with our D2C omni operating model.
 Second is clearly our product driven by our innovation platform of Science of Feel. And then within that, our product assortment is supported with a large portion which is nonseasonal; the versatility and multiple wear occasions, which cross both sweat and social; as well as the frequency of our new innovative drops that guests wait for and have become accustomed to; and finally, the community connection that we drive through a lot of our initiatives and then recently, the launch of our Essential memberships program and lululemon Studio.
 And if we zoom out, the drivers of our business pre, during and post the pandemic are still very relevant today, and that is the importance of product versatility as it relates to apparel; guests living an active and healthy lifestyle; convenience expected by our guests, which really speaks to our strength in an omni operating model that we've been investing in for many years; and then finally, focus on both physical, mental and social well-being, all supporting the brand positioning. And those continue to be the drivers that separate us from others and fuel our performance.
 And when I look at regional performance, as we've shared, strong growth in North America, internationally -- with international all at double-digit growth. And I expect that to continue as we see balanced growth in every market across gender, category and activity. And with the product pipeline, I don't see that; changing. So I think still balanced and very healthy growth ahead. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations on a great start to the year. Calvin, I wanted to talk about sort of kind of entry-level pricing strategy as you enter new markets, China, Spain. How do you price into those markets at the onset? And then how do you think about building price on a long-term basis, being able to raise those in those markets over time?
 And then, Meghan, if you could just talk to us about kind of the relative segment margin, how we should think about the relativity between North America, APAC/China, I guess, would be the primary driver there, and EMEA. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. On pricing, we enter markets with our similar premium positioning of the brand with the intent to sell at full price with markdowns being used only as a means to exit through seasonal shifts in product and not leverage promotional discounting in order to fuel and create demand. We go in with the intent of having parity -- a close range of parity around markets. And then we make adjustments either because of cost of operating within the market, it could be import taxes or other elements. And there may be a slight shift as a result of local competition and strategically. But a tight band and always with the intent of selling full price with moderate discounting, leveraging markdowns as a typical course to exit. So a very similar policy in positioning of supporting full price. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And Adrienne, in terms of regional profitability, we saw meaningful expansion in our operating margin for the quarter relative to last year and would have experienced that across both our channels and our regions. And then in terms of how we think about the relative margin rates by region, North America is our most profitable, followed by APAC, China within that is the highest, and then EMEA. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Congrats again. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Really nice acceleration in the international business. I guess as we think about the revenue guidance for the year, obviously, you raised overall today, but just curious if there have been any changes to your thinking relative to 3 months ago in terms of the contribution from North America versus international over the remaining quarters.
 And then kind of just drilling down in China, you've had some unique activation events over the past few months. I'm curious your learnings there. And any data or anecdotes you have on how the brand is being perceived in some of the newer markets you've entered? Any differences in what the product mix looks like in core versus fashion or sweat versus on-the-move in some of these newer markets and newer consumers? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So in terms of top line for the balance of the year, we're obviously coming off of a very strong quarter, which exceeded our expectations at 24% growth. We did guide to 15% to 16% for Q2 and then 16% to 17% for the full year, so both above our Power of Three x2 targets. So feeling well positioned for the balance of the year.
 We're not breaking out the regional performance, but still see meaningful opportunity across both our North America and international regions, obviously, international being a bit outsized, as Calvin mentioned, given the strength we continue to experience and see, particularly in our China region. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll -- on China and the activations that you referenced, as you know, our go-to-market strategy is about building community relationships in connection locally, either through ambassadors and then into -- and with our guests. And that strategy is working incredibly well in China. We've done a number of activations both at the local level, store level as well as larger events. We have a few planned for this summer and into the fall. And those are driving the brand awareness, which I think I've shared with everyone before is in the single digit. So we have a huge opportunity to keep building brand awareness and consideration.
 As we enter new markets, that is one way as well that we are driving brand awareness and consideration. We have good success in our Tier 1 cities and ability to keep building stores as well as in Tier 2. And in each of those cases, stores are performing -- all stores are performing ahead of plan. So we're very pleased with the way the brand is being received, built upon that community model and driving momentum in all new markets that we enter. We now have 101 stores with plans to continue to open this year and then into next moving forward.
 When I look at the overall mix, I'd say our men's and women's business is almost similar to that of North America, which is good considering the age of the brand there. So it's becoming quicker, earlier, the North America dual-gender brand. And we're pleased with the balance between both OTM and sweat. The brand is still rooted as a performance premium brand, and it's playing to our strength of versatility and wear occasions across lounge and social that we're seeing in that market. So very pleased with how product is being received and the momentum, and it really is built upon community activations as you alluded to. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Meghan, can you talk about some of the investments that you're pulling forward? What do they pertain to? And then maybe just a little bit more detail on plans to increase brand awareness in China outside of just opening stores. 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, Lorraine. So in terms of SG&A investments, we're obviously experiencing strong top line, and we've seen some recovery in our airfreight expense for the balance of the year. So we see an opportunity to push into investments into our road map behind our Power of Three x2 growth pillars. So specifically, those would be in market expansion in our international regions, enhancing, I would say, guest experience, omni capabilities as well as digital and guest support and then important foundational investments across the business. And these would also include brand awareness opportunities where we continue to push in there for the balance of the year and then also higher depreciation on current and prior year investments in terms of capital expenditure. And then can you remind me the second part of your question, Lorraine? 
Lorraine Maikis: The plans to build brand awareness in China. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take that, Lorraine. So in addition to the stores, as you mentioned, which are one of our top vehicles to do and achieve brand awareness and consideration, we also activate a number of campaigns and do so locally. So they may take a global campaign and then activate it locally, build upon it. That's the example of the Get Into It campaign that we did globally, which was all around our women's leggings initiative.
 They also will create a market-specific activation campaign, which we're in right now called Worn By Us, which is a fantastic campaign where they are celebrating and highlighting all the ambassadors that we have relationships with, their favorite products and telling their story of inspiration and how they live a well-being life. And we have many more of those plans. So we definitely invest in campaign and traditional brand marketing in that market to achieve the awareness and consideration opportunity.
 And leveraging digital, which is a big part of our business. We expanded channels. We have .cn. We have Tmall. We added JD. We continue to innovate and do a variety of initiatives across WeChat, leveraging the WeCom platform for a lot of our one-to-one and one-to-many initiatives and plugging into our community. So there are a lot of exciting things.
 And as you know, we have a leader in [ Sanyan ] that is based in Mainland China, in Shanghai. We have a specific SSE office where we have talent and resources that are specifically focused on driving these initiatives and building the business in Greater China and Mainland China. 
 So those are just a few of the initiatives that have been executed -- executing, but we have a team on the ground that's empowered to build that business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the results. As you think about the benefit in the margin of the 430 basis points, I believe, of freight reduction, how should we think of that through the year? And what are you seeing in terms of AUR? And with the extensive product innovation this year, how are you planning AUR? And are you seeing any difference regionally, and even globally, in terms of level of reception to new products and consumer differentiation? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. In terms of airfreight, so we are expecting it to be down 190 basis points now for the year. So that is now 50 basis points above 2019 levels. So we made some great headway there. We did experience 430 basis points product margin expansion in Q1, which was primarily driven by airfreight. We will see the year-over-year comparison moderate throughout the year with Q4 being close to flat to last year, and we'll continue to monitor and push into opportunities there. I'd say in terms of AUR, we're not expecting any material change to our AUR strategy in terms of the assortment. And then I'll let Calvin take the last part. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Dana, in terms of product newness and how it may differ globally, one of the benefits of our business is that, predominantly, a global assortment strategy drives the momentum across every market and region. And obviously, there's a huge number of benefits to that. And there are a few nuances by market and some that we designed into. 
 So one in particular in APAC is fit, where we have a whole different fit classification for our leggings, for our bras and for inseams on the men's bottoms. And we introduced that a few years ago, and it has really helped in driving those categories in those markets. 
 Footwear, as you know, we've rolled out in only a few international markets. So even though we see demand in -- for that category and guests asking for it, as of now, it's in Mainland China, it's in the U.K. and in North America. Seasonality is an obvious factor. 
 And then the only other difference that I would call out is we can see and do see differences globally based on the power of social media in certain platforms. So in markets in which a lot of the U.S.-based social influencers have a large voice, we see similar trends, the Everywhere Belt Bag, the Define Jacket. And in markets where we don't see the same type of U.S.-based social media influence, there are other trends, and we don't see quite the distortion in these items. But overall, I think the main message is outside of fit, which is, by design, a global assortment strategy that is more similar than not and drives the momentum across every market. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. First, I was wondering if you could tell us the progression in the quarter by month and whether you saw any falloff at all in the U.S. business as some others have seen. And then secondly, I was just hoping you could give us your current views on the competitive landscape in the U.S. and the macro backdrop. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Tracy. In terms of months, so we don't break out monthly performance specifically. But what I would share is that we saw double-digit comp increases each month of the quarter. February was our strongest month, followed by April and then March. And coming off of the 24% sales growth, we're pleased to be able to guide to 15% to 16% in Q2 and then 16% to 17% for the full year. Obviously, planning multiple scenarios as we move into the balance of the year but feel well positioned. 
Calvin McDonald: And in terms of competitive and macro, we continue to, as we always have, monitor the actions that are taking place both in the competitive land -- I think I've talked before about pricing. That was a strategic decision last year to take very minimal price activity, and that allowed us to continue to support our full-price selling, in particular, when most others had to course-correct and pull the promotional lever to adjust. And we're going to continue to manage that. 
 We are seeing inventory levels come in better positioning. So although I'm anticipating further discounting in the marketplace, I don't expect it will be worse than it has been, and our business has continued to perform well during that heavily promoted period. And as you saw, we got our inventory this quarter ahead of guidance and in line with our revenue number. 
 So from a competitive perspective, I think we're well positioned and have an exciting, innovative pipeline of product to come for the back half of this year, and that always fuels our business. And I'm excited with what I see and what's coming for both the male guest and our female guest. 
 On macro, with the uncertainty, as we've done for the past 2 years, we're going to continue to plan the business for multiple scenarios, monitor it. Our guest metrics were healthy in Q1 in terms of both traffic transaction and new guest acquisition, but we're continuing to monitor and we'll adjust as we need to. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another great quarter. So Calvin, on the broad-based global strength of the brand, have you seen any change with the North America core consumer? Can you elaborate on drivers of the outside store comps that you're seeing? And just any overall change in global momentum that you've seen here in May?
 And then Meghan, with markdowns 40 basis points favorable to 2019 in the first quarter, I guess, can you elaborate on full-price selling trends, your better-than-planned inventory? And just does this create potential opportunity in the back half of the year as we think about markdowns and the opportunity in terms of a year ago? 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the first part. In terms of our guest metrics, they remain very strong. We've seen no change in our cohort behavior in terms of frequency of purchase or engagement. In addition, in quarter 1, transactions by existing guests increased 22%, and our transactions by new guests increased 28%. And traffic was also strong across both channels with stores up over 30% and e-comm up approximately 30%.
 And when I look globally across every region, that behavior, we don't share the numbers specifically, but the general behavior of very healthy new guest acquisition, very healthy transaction and engagement with existing guests as well as traffic to both channels continue. Some of the differences, what's driving, one, brand awareness and consideration is low and represents a significant runway of growth and opportunity for our business. And as we build new doors, as we continue to feed incredible, exciting, innovative product, that is helping to fuel our business and will continue to, as I've alluded to. I mean international was 16% of our revenue and represents a significant opportunity for us, as we all know, going forward for this brand.
 And then from a store performance versus our peer set, while we're equally able to continue to grow, our online business speaks to the strength of our omni guest relationship and strategies. It's really immaterial where they choose to shop, and the technology links both channels together for a very frictionless fluid flow. And we have guests coming to us and into both channels and interacting with the brand accordingly. And that's obviously supported by a D2C model that allows them to do that and not have any other intermediary getting in the way of the relationships we have.
 So I think those are a few of the drivers. But very, very strong guest metrics shared across the regions with opportunity with brand awareness to keep building our business moving forward. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And then in terms of markdowns, so we were pleased with our performance in Q1. So markdowns flat to 2022, and then as you mentioned, slightly under 2019. Our expectation right now embedded in our guidance is that we continue to expect markdowns to be generally flat year-over-year, which will also make a slot to 2019 levels. And really pleased with our performance in top line in Q1 as well as the full-price trend that was embedded in that. And we'll continue to closely monitor. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Meghan, just 2 quick ones on the model for me just to kind of follow up Matt's question. 3 months ago, you had said you expected higher markdowns year-over-year in 1Q through 3Q. They were flat in 1Q. Now you're kind of saying that it should be flat the rest of the year. So just where did that -- I'm just kind of curious if you could comment on the improvement that you thought versus 3 months ago. And then now with the airfreight up to 190, is there any additional airfreight potential upside into fiscal '24? Or would that kind of give you like fully recaptured freight dynamics at that point? 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks. Yes, I'd say the change in markdown performance really came through the outperformance on top line and the portion of that, that came through full-price sales. So when we look at the balance of the year, we're expecting generally in line for the full year, but there is an outperformance in Q1.
 And then for airfreight, we are now 190 basis points down to last year, still 50 basis points above 2019 levels. We do expect over the longer term to continue to push into recouping all of that airfreight amount. So I think too soon to put a fine point on 2024, but we continue to make good progress on that line item, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to optimize. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Congrats on another great quarter. Just firstly, did you guys observe any deviation in purchase behavior by household income level across the quarter? And then secondly, just zooming out, margins sit hundreds of basis points above pre-COVID levels. It's really amazing. So can you just walk us through the puts and takes of that? Is it just sales leverage or other pieces -- moving pieces there would be helpful. 
Meghan Frank: Great. In terms of guest metrics, nothing material by household income. We were pleased, I would say, overall guest metrics, both existing and new gas metric trends, above 20% for the quarter. And then can you remind me, sorry, of the second part of your question? 
Alexandra Straton: Just margin sitting so much higher than pre-COVID levels, yes, the key puts and takes there. 
Meghan Frank: And sorry, are you speaking specifically to gross margin? 
Alexandra Straton: Both gross and operating. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So our operating margin is pretty flat to 2019 levels. And then I'd say in terms of gross margin, we're well above given the composition of our business has shifted to be -- we pulled back somewhat on new store openings. The cost of that is within gross margin. And then we've invested more deeply behind the digital portions of our business. It's in SG&A. And then, obviously, a big piece through scale and revenue outperformance. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I was hoping you could speak to the opportunity to build on the success of the platform strategy that you've built so far. How are you thinking about balancing new innovation within key platforms like the Align versus building out new product platforms that can be built upon in the future?
 And then, Meghan, can you elaborate on your inventory outlook? What is the path to improve inventory turn from here? And how should we be thinking about the time line to repacing that prepandemic inventory turnover rate? 
Calvin McDonald: Brooke, in terms of product, we definitely think of it through the lens of a hero item strategy, a franchise expansion strategy and then newness that could either show up as a new item and/or franchise. So that's what has been fueling our business. And then equally in that, not only bringing newness but going back as well as updating, like we did in this quarter, for instance, on our Pace Breaker short, for instance, for him where we took a fantastic single hero item and we've innovated it with a number of changes that have been incredibly well received. 
 In the franchise lineup, we're always looking at strengths and ways in which the positioning of that, either through fit, versatility, functionality and/or fabric can be extended into additional unmet needs for the guest. The Align being one of our strongest franchises, we introduced the Align dress this quarter, which was incredibly well received. And equally building new franchises, either through the introduction like we did last year with footwear, which we've declared as a test and learn for us. But we're excited with the initial results and success in being able to build that forward into a very positive business in general. And there are additional ones that we'll be launching later this year that really fit into that franchise category that we're really, really excited about.
 So we definitely take a strategy across category activity, hero item franchise, look for ways to expand, look for ways to update and then obviously ways to create new and then -- and build from that. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And then in terms of inventory, so our expectation is we'll be approximately 20% at the end of Q2 and then inventory in line with sales in the second half of the year. We will still have opportunities, as you mentioned, to get our inventory turns back to historical levels. We have seen some material improvements in supply chain and lead times but not all the way back to historical positioning. So too soon to say when we'll move back to those levels, but that would be the goal over the longer term. 
Operator: The next question comes from Abbie Zvejnieks with Piper Sandler. 
Abigail Zvejnieks: Just on the growth of the Other segment, can you break out, I guess, or just comment on what of that is driven by lululemon Studio versus other components? And then any numbers you can give on early subscriptions or learnings or loyalty numbers? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. In terms of the Other segment, we aren't breaking out lululemon Studio as a portion of that. But that bucket also contains strategic sales, seasonal stores and outlets, which would be a larger revenue component and the material driver in that bucket. And then in terms of early statistics? 
Calvin McDonald: Well, we just launched -- so a couple of things in terms of that. We just launched a few days ago our digital app for lululemon Studio, which is $12.99 a month and gives guests access to the same content that you can get but without the hardware purchase. We're excited to introduce that. We think it will expand the TAM and allow us to offer that offering into the membership program.
 Last quarter, I talked to the membership number of essentials, which after 6 months was a real strong start, over 8 million. We're not going to share that number quarterly, but I will indicate it's continued very strong momentum and continue to grow. So we're excited about Essential memberships, how it's going to support our community, fit into lululemon Studio, the benefit of sweat and other means to interact with our guests and drive both LTV and incrementality. And early with having these tools all supporting the membership program, we'll share more as we move forward, but excited as we continue to see strength in that Essential membership base grow. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-03-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release.
 In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our strong finish to another strong year for lululemon. As you've seen from our press release, our adjusted quarter 4 results came in ahead of our January guidance update, and our adjusted full year results represent a very solid start to our Power of Three x2 growth plan. I'm also excited that we continue to see strength and momentum across the business so far in quarter 1. None of this would have been possible without our lululemon collective, our employees, our vendor partners, our ambassadors and our guests, all of whom are integral to our continued success. I want to express my gratitude on behalf of all of the senior leaders to our incredible teams around the world. Thank you for your ongoing commitment to lululemon. We are ready for all the future holds for our brand in 2023 and beyond.
 On today's call, I plan to cover several topics: our quarter 4 and full year results; our product pipeline for 2023; an update our membership program; our recent market share gains; and finally, insights across our international business. So let's get started.
 Our momentum continued in quarter 4, with revenue increasing 30% versus last year and 26% on a 3-year CAGR basis. We managed the business very well through an environment that was highly promotional, and our markdowns were only up a modest 40 basis points versus 2019. I am pleased that as we progressed out of the holidays and began to transition to new spring merchandise, regular price sales returned to our normal levels. This speaks to the power of our brand, the appeal of our merchandise assortment and the strength of our operating model. And as you can see from our guidance, business remains good in quarter 1, and we are looking forward to another strong year in 2023.
 Our business continues to be well balanced across product category, channel and region. Revenue increased in quarter 4 on a 3-year CAGR basis as follows. Women's was up 23%. Our men's business was up 26%, and accessories was up 44%. We saw a 10% increase in company-operated stores and our e-commerce grew 46%. And by region, North America grew 24%, and international increased 39%. When looking at adjusted earnings per share, we continue to deliver strong gains as well, with quarter 4 EPS increasing 31% versus last year and 25% on a 3-year CAGR basis.
 I would also like to spend a moment on our full year 2022 results. As you know, we launched our new 5-year Power of Three x2 growth plan last spring. At the highest level, this plan assumes 15% CAGR revenue growth and modest operating margin expansion annually.
 In 2022, our revenue increased 30% compared to 2021 and 27% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Adjusted operating margin increased 10 basis points, while adjusted EPS increased 29% and 27% on a 1- and 3-year CAGR basis, respectively. It is a testament to the strength of our brand that for the full year 2022, we were able to significantly exceed our annual revenue goal and deliver adjusted operating margin in line with our target. And we achieved these results despite the challenging macro backdrop, supply chain issues and the pressure of COVID-19 in China.
 Now let's shift to product innovation. 2022 was a strong year for product newness and innovation. We continue to expand our core categories with the launch of SenseKnit fabric technology and cold weather run styles. We grew our play categories with our golf, tennis and hike capsules, and we entered a new category with the launch of footwear. Looking forward into 2023, I continue to be incredibly excited by the pipeline of innovation developed by our product teams. Several of our ideas this year include franchise growth, category expansions and building upon the success of some recently launched collections.
 First, in the coming weeks, we will launch our Get Into It campaign featuring our popular and versatile Align franchise. As you know, Align began with a single style, a legging, which we grew to be our #1 performing bottom. We then expanded the collection to include shorts, tanks and bras. More recently, we added away from body styles, including wide leg and mini flare. We will support this product story with an integrated global marketing campaign.
 We will also be expanding our Men's franchise, License to Train, into women's later this year, which will complement our accessible Wunder Train franchise. In men's, we continue to innovate within our core activities with new versions of the Metal Vent tee and the Pace Breaker short. Updates to fit, function and aesthetic have modernized these guest favorites. 
 And in footwear, we recently introduced an updated version of Blissfeel, which incorporates learnings from the initial launch, and it's already receiving the same kind of positive media reviews that we have seen throughout our footwear rollout. In May, we will launch Blissfeel Trail, our first road-to-trail shoe, and this summer, we'll introduce an updated version of Chargefeel. Related to footwear, we are pleased with our performance and guest response. Looking forward, we're excited to continue expanding our offerings for her and also launch our men's lineup in 2024.
 These are just a few examples of how we solve for the unmet needs of our guests. The versatility of our merchandise assortment is one of the key competitive advantages for lululemon. One thing to add is that we do not drive our top line growth through discounts or promotions, and we have no intentions to do so. We run a full-price business with markdowns strategically used to clear seasonal and other select product, and this will remain our approach in the future.
 Now I would like to update you on membership. We launched our new 2-tier membership program in North America this past October, and throughout the holiday season, we gained many learnings and insights regarding how our guests engage with our brand.
 Let me start with our Essentials program, which is offered to guess at no cost. While we do not intend to release this metric regularly. I wanted to share that the number of sign-ups is significantly exceeding our expectations. In the first 5 months, we have already enrolled more than 9 million members. This demonstrates the significant potential behind this program. While the Essentials tier offers several compelling benefits and access to content, no discounts are involved. The rapid rate of sign-up speaks to the incredible loyalty of our guests, and the early results show our membership program increases the frequency of guests engaging with us. For example, more than 30% of members have already participated in at least one of the benefits of the program, and we expect this engagement to drive retention and incremental purchasing behavior going forward.
 Related to the lululemon Studio tier of our membership program, we have also gained valuable insights that are informing our next steps. As we mentioned in our press release, we are taking an impairment charge related to assets and goodwill associated with MIRROR. Meghan will share more details with you in a moment.
 As you know, we tested a paid city-based membership program in North America prior to our acquisition of MIRROR. Through that experience, we saw how guests were eager to engage with us through some of the sweat options we provided to participants. Not only did members enjoy these benefits, but we also saw increased member engagement, new guest acquisition and an increase in member spend. These learnings were the basis for our acquisition in 2020.
 The recent launch of lululemon Studio has provided a new way to scale a paid membership program. Our best-in-class content helps build on our community of engaged guests, deepens our connection with them and drives incremental purchases of lululemon product. In fact, after studying the behavior of members, our initial analysis suggests that their spend on lululemon product increases approximately 9%, and this 9% is incremental. However, as you know, since our acquisition, the at-home fitness space has been challenging. While members love our content, hardware sales did not match our expectations, and even though our CAC has continued to improve, it has not improved enough to maintain the current level of investment.
 As we continue to invest prudently in this business, we are evolving the model from being focused on hardware only to offering content through a digital and app-based solution as well. The new more efficient app-based model will launch this summer at a lower monthly subscription rate and when combined with our 9 million and growing Essentials members will allow us to expand our total addressable market for potential members. We view lululemon Studio in the same way we view any innovation. We test. We learn, and we evolve as necessary. Although the acquisition has not fully materialized as originally intended, we're in a much better position in our understanding of the community and our new membership program as a result.
 Shifting gears, I want to speak to the strength of the lululemon brand and the gains we are seeing in market share. Let me share a few metrics with you. When looking at transactions, our growth continues to be well balanced across new and existing guests. In quarter 4, we delivered a nearly 30% increase in transactions by new guests and more than 35% increase in transactions by existing guests. For the full year, these results contributed to a mid- to high 20% increase for both metrics.
 Next, I will touch on our recent and continued gain in market share. In fiscal quarter 4, 2022, the adult active apparel industry decreased its U.S. revenue by 5% compared to the same period last year. And over this time period, lululemon gained 2.3 points of market share in the U.S., the most of any brand in this market according to NPD Group's consumer tracking service. This is the highest quarterly market share gain we've achieved since we began tracking these numbers in 2020, and it caps a year in which we grew our market share every quarter. This speaks to our growth in the U.S., a key market within North America. And as we detailed at Analyst Day, we have significant opportunity to grow our brand awareness in North America and markets around the world.
 Just since last April, we have seen increases in awareness in some of our key growth regions. We added 5 points to our unaided awareness in Australia from 19% to 24%, 2 points in China from 7% to 9% and 2 points in the U.K., taking us to 16% in the market. As you can see from these numbers, significantly more consumers in these regions are currently unaware of our brand compared to those who are, which highlights this meaningful opportunity.
 As I mentioned earlier, our business remained strong in both our North America and international markets. In quarter 4 and full year 2022, revenue in North America increased 29%, while our international business generated 35% growth in quarter 4 and for the full year as well.
 I would like to turn to our results in China where our potential continues to be significant. We have been investing in foundational infrastructure, people in stores that have fueled considerable growth in the market. As the impacts of COVID-19 normalize, we are seeing our momentum accelerate, and we are excited for the opportunities in the region in 2023 and beyond.
 In quarter 4, revenue in China increased more than 30% versus last year and over 50% on a 3-year CAGR basis. While COVID-19 impacted revenue in December, we had a strong finish to the quarter and have seen momentum accelerate in quarter 1. We have a solid foundation in the region across our brick-and-mortar and digital channels and is supported by exceptional talent on which we continue to build. We recently opened our largest store in Asia Pacific, Kerry Center in Shanghai. It's an incredible expression of our brand, reflecting our commitment to the market, and it now brings our store count in China to nearly 100 locations. It's clear our growth strategies are on track, and we remain early in our journey across our international markets.
 With that, I'll now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'm excited to be here today to discuss our Q4 results. We finished 2022 on a strong note with our adjusted results exceeding the updated guidance we provided in mid-January. This was enabled by an acceleration in our sales trend, along with the normalization of purchasing behavior relative to full price and markdown product.
 Looking at Q1, our business continues to be robust. Our inventory growth will continue to moderate, and we expect to realize significant gross margin expansion driven by lower air freight.
 Let me now share the details of our Q4 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our inventory and cash position. Please note that when comparing the financial metrics for Q4 2022 with Q4 2021, adjusted earnings per share for Q4 2022 exclude $3.46 of expense related to impairment charges associated with the MIRROR business. Adjusted earnings per share for Q4 2021 exclude $0.01 of expense related to the acquisition of MIRROR. I will provide more detail on the Q4 2022 impairment charge shortly. And you can refer to our earnings release and Form 10-K for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics.
 For Q4, total net revenue rose 30% to $2.8 billion. Comparable sales increased 30% with a 17% increase in stores and a 39% increase in digital. On a 3-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 26%. In our store channel, sales increased 26% on a 1-year basis and 10% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Productivity remains above 2019 levels. We ended the quarter with a total of 655 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 21% versus last year, driven by the addition of 81 net new lululemon stores since Q4 of 2021. During the quarter, we opened 32 net new stores and completed 13 optimizations.
 In our digital channel, revenues increased 46% on a 3-year CAGR basis and contributed $1.4 billion of top line or 52% of total revenue. Within North America, revenues increased 29% versus last year and 24% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Within international, we saw a 35% increase versus last year and 39% on a 3-year CAGR basis.
 And by category, men's revenue increased 22% versus last year and 26% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Women's increased 30% versus last year and 23% on a 3-year CAGR basis. And accessories grew 69% and 44% on the same basis.
 It's also great to see ongoing strength in traffic across both channels. In stores, traffic increased over 30%; and in our digital business, traffic to our e-commerce sites and apps globally increased over 45%. On a 3-year CAGR basis, traffic is up 7% in stores and 40% in e-commerce. This speaks to the strength of our omni-operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them.
 Adjusted gross profit for the fourth quarter was $1.59 billion or 57.4% of net revenue compared to 58.1% of net revenue in Q4 2021. Adjusted gross margin decreased 70 basis points relative to last year. This was driven primarily by the following factors: 50 basis points of deleverage from foreign exchange within gross margin, which was offset by a 50 basis point FX benefit within SG&A and 50 basis points of deleverage on fixed costs. This was driven primarily by investments in our product teams and DC, offset somewhat by leverage on occupancy and depreciation. These were partially offset by a 30 basis point increase in product margin. This increase was driven primarily by lower air freight expense, partially offset by higher markdowns and merchandise mix.
 When looking at markdowns relative to 2019, for Q4, they were up 40 basis points, contributing to markdowns being relatively flat for the full year versus 2019. Adjusted gross margin was favorable to our updated guidance, which was a decline of 90 to 110 basis points due predominantly to favorability and markdowns in air freight in addition to leverage from higher-than-planned sales.
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $803 million or 29% of net revenue compared to 30.2% of net revenue for the same period last year. The leverage in the quarter versus Q4 2021 resulted from leverage in our operating channels and a benefit from FX I mentioned earlier. This was offset somewhat by increased corporate SG&A and a modest increase in depreciation and amortization.
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was approximately $785 million or 28.3% of net revenue compared to 27.8% of net revenue in Q4 2021. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $226.5 million or 28.7% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.4% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to accruing for Canadian withholding taxes on a portion of fiscal 2022 Canadian earnings and some benefit we had last year upon the filing of income tax returns. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $562.5 million or $4.40 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.37 for the fourth quarter of 2021.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $207 million for the quarter compared to approximately $128 million in Q4 of last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to investments that support business growth, including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments.
 Before turning to our balance sheet highlights, let me spend a moment on the charges we took related to the MIRROR business. As you know, the overall at-home fitness space remains challenged. MIRROR hardware sales during the holiday season came in below our expectations, therefore, we ran an impairment test at the end of Q4. Based upon this test, we took charges related to the impairment of goodwill and certain long-lived assets and a provision for MIRROR hardware. These charges totaled approximately $443 million, net of tax, or $3.46 per share. The valuations used in the impairment calculation are based on an evaluation of MIRROR on a stand-alone basis.
 We are pivoting away from the hardware-centric business that we acquired to also focus on a more efficient app-based model. While we see Studio as a key component of our membership strategy, which will help drive incremental revenue, the stand-alone valuation of MIRROR doesn't fully reflect the incremental revenue. Looking forward, we remain excited about our membership program. As Calvin shared, we already have over 9 million members in our Essentials program, and we continue to see opportunity to build our community, increase engagement and drive incremental spend.
 Turning now to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory at the end of Q4 was $1.4 billion, modestly under our expectations for 60% growth. This reflects 1 year dollar growth of 50% or 57%, excluding the provision for MIRROR hardware.
 I would also like to note that core seasonless product continues to make up approximately 45% of our inventory. We remain pleased with our inventory levels. In 2023, our inventory growth will continue to moderate, while we maintain our full price selling model, and we remain well positioned to fulfill guest demand. At the end of Q1, on a 1-year dollar basis, we expect inventory to increase approximately 30% to 35% relative to last year. Looking further out, we expect inventory growth to be relatively in line with sales growth in the second half of 2023.
 During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 213,000 shares at an average price of $323. At the end of Q4, we had approximately $744 million remaining on our $1 billion repurchase program.
 Let me shift now to our guidance outlook. While we are mindful of the ongoing macro uncertainties and we continue to plan the business prudently, we're excited with our sales trends in Q1 and also the benefits we expect to realize in 2023 from lower air freight and our new lululemon Studio model. We have the opportunity to invest into our Power of Three x2 growth pillars while also delivering operating margin in 2023, slightly ahead of our goal for modest expansion annually.
 In 2023, we expect revenue to be in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.41 billion. This range represents growth of 15% to 16% relative to 2022 and is in line to slightly better than our Power of Three x2 growth plan. We expect to open 45 to 50 net new company-operated stores in 2023 and complete approximately 25 co-located remodels. This will contribute to overall square footage growth in the low double digits. Our new store openings in 2023 will include 30 to 35 stores in our international markets with the majority of these planned for China.
 For the full year, we forecast gross margin to increase between 140 to 160 basis points versus 2022. The expansion relative to last year was driven predominantly by lower air freight expense. For the full year, we expect air freight to be down approximately 150 basis points versus 2022. When looking at markdowns for the full year, we expect them to be in line with last year in 2019.
 Let me also share some additional detail on our multiyear distribution center project. We began this project in 2022 with the opening of our new Tilbury DC near Vancouver. For the year overall, this project had a negative 30 basis point impact on gross margin. In 2023, we will continue investing in our distribution network to support future growth. Projects include building a new DC in the Greater Los Angeles area and also expanding 2 of our existing DCs in Columbus and Toronto. Included in our gross margin guidance for the year is 20 basis points of deleverage associated with these initiatives.
 Turning now to SG&A for the full year. We forecast deleverage of 120 to 140 basis points versus 2022, driven predominantly by increased investments to support market expansion, improve our guest experience by enhancing our omni capabilities and continuing to make foundational investments to support future growth. In addition, we expect higher depreciation due to current and prior year investments.
 When looking at operating margin for the full year 2023, we expect it to increase by 20 to 40 basis points versus last year. This would be slightly ahead of our Power of Three x2 long-term target of a modest expansion annually.
 For the full year 2023, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%, an increase over the 2022 adjusted effective tax rate of 28.1%. This is in line with our longer-term tax rate expectations we provided as part of our Power of Three x2 plan and reflects the increase we expect as a result of accruing for Canadian withholding taxes. For Q1, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30%.
 For the fiscal year 2023, we expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $11.50 to $11.72 versus adjusted EPS of $10.07 in 2022. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $660 million to $680 million for 2023. The increase versus 2022 reflects investments to support business growth including a continuation of our multiyear distribution center expansion, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, and technology investments. Our range of $660 million to $680 million is approximately 7% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%.
 Shifting now to Q1. We expect revenue in the range of $1.89 billion to $1.93 billion, representing 1 year growth of 17% to 20%. We expect to open 5 to 10 net new company-operated stores in Q1. We expect gross margin in Q1 to increase 290 to 320 basis points relative to Q1 of 2022. This will be driven by lower air freight expense offset somewhat by strategic investments in supply chain and distribution centers as well as foreign exchange. In Q1, we expect our SG&A rate to deleverage by 60 to 80 basis points relative to Q1 2022, related to the investments I just described.
 When looking at operating margin for Q1, we expect expansion of approximately 200 basis points. We expect earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $1.93 to $2 versus adjusted EPS of $1.48 a year ago.
 With that, I will wrap up my remarks and turn it back over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. In 2022, we passed $8 billion in revenue for the first time driven by balanced growth across categories, channels and markets. Our product pipeline driven by innovation is very strong. More than 9 million guests signed up for our Essentials membership program in the first 5 months, which further strengthens the opportunity to keep building our community, strengthen our guest relationship and drive long-term value. Our market share gains show our brand is able to expand and attract new guests, and yet our unaided awareness remains low, which demonstrates the runway in front of us. And we're seeing strong momentum in every market where we operate, and we continue to successfully expand into new geographies. These are just some of the reasons I'm excited about all that's in front of us, both in 2023 and over the coming years.
 I look forward to taking your questions now. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations, everybody, for stellar year and great momentum coming into the first quarter. Calvin, I was wondering if you can help expand upon that notion of unaided brand awareness. I think that's a really powerful concept there. What was your advertising spend as a percent of sales last year? And what avenues are you going to be using sort of to expand that brand awareness.
 And then Meghan, really quickly, if you can just expand upon the notion of flat promos, I think you said to last year and 2019, just trying to understand those 2 comparisons. And that is a nice improvement, I think, from kind of ICR when maybe, I think, we were in a little bit more of a promotional kind of backdrop or notion of promotions coming into the year. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of unaided brand awareness, as you highlighted, it's exciting to see both our improvements in it, but also the runway of growth and potential we have. So we know that our approach is working as well as we know that it's going to continue to fuel our ability to acquire guests and drive the overall momentum in the business across all markets, including North America and the U.S.
 Our current spend is in around the 4% range. And at this point, we're planning to maintain the percentage of sales relatively consistent. How we deploy it? It's a combination of opening stores, which is a wonderful vehicle to drive that awareness and acquire guests, connecting with guests and ambassadors in our local communities and investing in both our community activations as well as these relationships; expanding our relationships with lead athletes around the world, which we continue to make great contributions and add into our collective; and then finally, like you will see with the Get Into It campaign, executing more deliberate and coordinated global brand campaigns, which I'm excited for you to see that. Those are just some of the examples the way in which we activate our brand and product first through most of the messaging and that we've seen our success and excited for what we have planned in '23. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of markdowns, our full year 2022 markdowns came in, in line with 2019. And we're expecting to be relatively flat in 2023 on a full year basis. We do have the biggest opportunity in Q4, which will be offset somewhat by Q1 through Q3 markdowns. But that 2019 waterline, we view, is a healthy level for us. And then we'll also see inventory, as we mentioned, 30% to 35% growth at the end of Q1 and then coming in line with sales in the second half of 2023. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to focus on China for a minute. It was about 8% of sales last year. How are you thinking about the growth cadence there? And can you give an update for us on profitability of the region? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, in terms of China, we haven't put a fine point on China in 2023. However, what I'd say is we still had a degree of COVID disruption in both Q4 and full year '22, when we were at a 30% growth rate. We have seen that trend accelerate as we moved out of Q4 and into 2023, particularly Q1. So we are above that 30% growth. And then in terms of profitability, we are profitable in China. We haven't put a fine point on it beyond that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Great quarter. Congratulations. 
Meghan Frank: Thank you. 
Brian Nagel: So I just want to -- my question -- I just want to focus on inventories because I know that has been a big topic for lululemon as well as the sector. So you had fantastic results here in the fourth quarter. I'm looking at the math you. You ended the year, inventory is up, I guess, just around 50%. So as we think about '23, within the context of the guidance you gave, how should we expect that inventory to moderate? And is it -- are you essentially saying you're just going to work through that primarily for the normal course of business without really any excess promotions? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of inventory, we've been navigating obviously the dynamic supply chain environment. And we did place a number of core buys earlier to try to manage our air freight expense. We do have a higher proportion of our inventory in core, 45% versus 40% historically. We also saw increased air freight impacting our cost inventory balances. And then we also saw vendors who were shipping later than historically pivot to shipping more on time. So the team is still navigating and adjusting to that new reality.
 And I would say, at the end of Q1, we're going to see inventory moderate to 30% to 35% growth, and we expect it to come in line towards the second half of the year. Our goal overall is to manage our inventory in line with our revenue growth and believe we'll be there over time. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can I just piggyback on the inventory question? Curious if you're a little bit heavier in certain geographies versus others and if it's going to take a little bit more time to clear and get to where you want to be in certain geographies. And then just separately, curious what you're looking at from a product cost perspective this year, first half versus second half, if you can share what you're anticipating on the AUC side. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say nothing notable by geography in terms of inventory balances. We're pleased overall with the content composition, and we plan to, as we mentioned, have a healthy full price penetration as we move throughout the year. In terms of product costs, we haven't experienced any significant increases, and we don't expect any significant changes as we move throughout 2023, relatively stable. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Congrats, everyone. Two-part question. Maybe first for Calvin just on the MIRROR hardware decision. Can you walk us through a little bit more about what you saw in the holiday, and I guess, the past several quarters that kind of informed your decision that you guys ultimately made to eliminate the hardware piece of the business? And then, Meghan, is there anything you can quantify in the P&L? What kind of revenue or operating losses are being removed by eliminating that piece of the business this year? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Ike. On MIRROR, I just want to clarify, we're not eliminating the hardware, but we are adding a app feature that will allow a guest to sign up and pay a lower monthly subscription fee and acts as the same content without having to purchase the hardware. So I just want to clarify that. And that will launch later this summer. And we think with the lower cost to entry, not being hardware restricted and the 9 million Essential members that we've built and will continue to build, it will allow us to more easily migrate and attract guests into it. 
 We did see an improvement in our performance with the launch of lululemon Studio in October. But as we shared, it just didn't meet our expectations. And although CACs are improving, they're still not proving fast enough that we didn't -- that we felt it prudent to make this pivot to open up the TAM and appeal to a broader audience within our collective. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of the P&L, we don't break out MIRROR separately given it's now embedded in our membership program. But what I will share is that it's a very small portion of our revenue this year and was also a very small portion of our 5-year plan. We have moderated investment levels, and we'll continue to do so and continue to see dilution improving. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Straton from Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Congrats on another good quarter. Two quick ones from me. The first is just on the big increase you mentioned in new guests. I think a 30% level or so. Could you share any learnings you have on how those new guests compare to existing guests? And then secondly, on the 40% to 45% of the business that's core, any insight you can give us on the split of the rest of the business, I guess, the newer categories and what they represent and whether they have similar full price sell-through rates to that legacy business? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. In terms of the new guests, we have -- one of the benefits of the brand is we see good success across guests across all age demographics. So that remains very healthy, both acquisition as well as engagement. We have seen a very healthy growth in our younger guest base, in particular, over the past 12 and 18 months, and that continued. But overall, we would wait a little bit on the younger but very healthy overall and seeing, as I indicated, very healthy numbers in terms of engagement of existing guests, the new guests, how those cohorts are shopping and engaging on a frequent basis and migrating up through the category offering that we have. 
Meghan Frank: And I'd share in terms of category breakdown of the balance of inventory outside of the 40% to 45% core, we're pleased with the seasonal nature of our product and the aging of that inventory. And in terms of by category, it'd be positioned relative to our Power of Three x2 plan in terms of category growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel from Raymond James. 
Rakesh Patel: Congrats on all the progress. I was hoping you could talk about your expectations for growth in North America for the new year. You've made a lot of progress already in the market. So I'm curious what you see as the strongest growth levers as we think about channels and product segments. 
Meghan Frank: So in terms of North America, we're looking at achieving our low double-digit expectation that we shared as part of our Power of Three x2. And sorry, can you remind me the second half of your question? 
Rakesh Patel: Yes. Just what the strongest growth levers are as we think about channels and product segments. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say I'd frame that also in that context. So we have our 15% average growth rate annually as part of that plan, with a goal of the 4x international business, double our men's business, double our e-commerce business, and that also included low double-digit North America growth as well as low double-digit women's and store growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the results. As you think about the product margin puts and takes for 2023, how do you think about them and the markdowns which are normalized with 2019 levels, how do you see that evolving as we go through the year? Is there any cadence or shape that we should be mindful of? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So we're -- we shared color of 140 to 160 basis point increase in gross margin for the full year, and that would really be driven by a benefit from air freight down 150 basis points. We are expecting markdowns to be flat year-over-year, also flat to 2019 levels. And we have a little bit of pressure, as we mentioned, in our distribution center strategy that's really aimed at servicing our demand over time.
 In terms of cadence by quarter, I had mentioned earlier, we have the biggest opportunity in markdowns in Q4 offset by Q1 through Q3. And then in terms of air freight, our biggest opportunity will be Q1 in the range of 300 to 400 basis points. We will be higher -- we will have opportunity relative to the last year in Q2 and Q3, and then we're expecting, at this point in time, we'll be in line in Q4. 
Dana Telsey: Got it. And then just, Calvin, on the new product rollouts that are coming this year, where do you see the most opportunity to have an influence on the overall category given that you're gaining share in a category that's a little more challenged now? 
Calvin McDonald: In terms of the product, what I'm anticipating is similar to what we've been seeing, which is balanced growth across men's and women's, across categories and activities. The innovation, a little bit of what I've shared is a balance of continuing to innovate on our core styles and franchises like the recent update to the men's Metal Vent and Pace Breaker short as well as adding additional styles to proven franchises like the Align campaign that I'm really energized and excited about. It's a fantastic expression of one of our powerhouses and excited to use it as a way to continue to recruit new guests and then building on new launches like footwear and then bringing successes in our men's business with the License to Train into our women's assortment.
 So I think it's another expression of the evolution we've had with our product strategy, which is early still, very balanced across the activities we identified expressed through categories and franchises across both men's and women's. So my anticipation is still very balanced growth both in North America, around the globe for product for us in '23 and beyond. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach from Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I was wondering if you could contemplate the customer engagement that you're seeing with full price relative to discounted product and how that engagement may have changed over the course of the last few months, combined with your expectation for that for the rest of the year. Does that engagement rate differ by region, age or customer income demographic? 
Meghan Frank: Brooke, in terms of markdown and full price penetration, we did see that normalize as we moved through the balance of January and then into Q1. We haven't seen any material differences by customer segment, and we do expect that we'll maintain that relationship of healthy full price in line with history that's reflected in the color we provided on markdowns being flat year-over-year, also flat to 2019, which we view as a healthy waterline for us. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I'll add my congrats on a nice quarter and a nice update since ICR, Meghan. I guess on China, you built a lot of stores there since pre-COVID, and I think you've done -- I think you've -- you haven't had much time over there over the past 3 years, those stores operating in any kind of normal capacity. So if China was 8% of sales but it's 15% of your global store count, I'm just curious, if China was operating at normal productivity, would revenues be closer to that 15% store mix. Or do you think those stores -- any reason to think they should trend above or below global averages on sales per store or sales per flow? Just anything -- any way for us to think about the opportunity there with the assets you already have?
 And then Calvin, on thoughts on pricing in 2023, I know this hasn't been the most urgent lever for you to pull in recent quarters. You talked about that. Any change to that for 2023? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. In terms of China stores, definitely, we were impacted by COVID as we move throughout 2023. So I would expect that percentage to be higher. I would say our stores are highly productive there. They tend to be smaller than the balance of our fleet, particularly in North America, and we view that as an opportunity over time. We continue to have a long pipeline of store openings there. We also are very early in terms of store expansion strategy, which we've employed in North America to capitalize on where we see very strong and healthy sales per square foot and opportunities to expand the market. 
Calvin McDonald: And Michael, on pricing, I'll start with what we shared last year, which is going to be similar to our approach this year. And I'll start with I'm proud of the approach that the team took, and that is knowing we're a full price business. We only increased prices on a small percentage of our assortment so that we continue to lean in on full pricing and not rely on and have to pull the promo lever.
 What we saw in the industry was many other players price up and then heavily discount that back down. But it allowed us to manage margins, manage full price selling throughout with selective pricing. And heading into '23, it's a similar approach. We're not planning any drastic significant moves in pricing and continue to focus on full price with markdowns as a means to exiting seasonal product only. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad from Evercore. 
Omar Saad: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Calvin, maybe you could touch on the strategy to use paid media and how that's going for you guys. The efficacy, is that something you're using in other markets like China as well? And maybe a quick update on some of the new categories, footwear, hike, golf, et cetera, would be helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Right. Thanks, Omar. In terms of our approach to media, we'll always and continue to use a balance between paid and earned. And I think we've really made gains in the last few years in leveraging both of those with earned media playing very, very heavily for us, which is great on the back of innovation, and some compelling story. So we're going to continue to leverage both of those, leaning in when we do, do paid into digital in more direct and specific. And I think you'll see a lot of that expressed and executed through the Get Into It Align campaign.
 And Nikki and the team are also doing a wonderful job working with the regions in getting expression right through to the digital campaign, through to stores and in and around in local markets and amplifying that. So it just really fits and feels like a very omni expression, execution for the guests out of the store, in-store and across digital applications. So excited for you to see for that campaign expressed.
 And your second part of the question was? 
Omar Saad: Just an update on some of the new categories, footwear, hike, golf. 
Calvin McDonald: Perfect. On the play activities, and I'll start there, they've -- the guests have responded very well to them. And I'm excited, as I've shared with you, in particular, on tennis and golf, how they're designed. We know that, that is how our guests also sweat and offering product and offering for them helps us strengthen the relationship and extend our share of wallet with them. 
 And on those two, they're really designed to selectively innovate into and then leverage our core assortment. And in both of those executions last year when we really kicked off and then through the year and then into spring when we've recently brought tennis back as well as about to do so in golf, we're seeing that strategy execute very well where we sell a lot more core wrapped around a golf or tennis execution. We're going to continue to do that. So it allows us to manage assortment and SKU additions, while at the same point, drive productivity and credibility into these activities. 
 And on footwear, it's a test-and-learn category for us. We've just cycled over the first year. Very pleased with early guest response. Very pleased with industry recognition to disrupt and innovate and create something new within footwear for women. We've just updated with our Blissfeel 2.0, and both the industry is very positive on it as well as our guest, and excited about continuing to sort of test and learn. And as I indicated, we'll be launching a Blissfeel Trail later, an update to our Chargefeel, and then next year in '24, the introduction of our men's footwear business. So we're excited with the response and continue to test and learn and innovate into the category. 
Operator: Last question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: Just curious about the sales cadence for the year. Q1 looks like it's around high teens. And then it seems like the guidance implies the growth rate goes into the mid-teens range by the end of the year. Just wondering if there's like a specific driver that's part of that forecast or was just assume that you go back into the long-term algo?
 And then at the same time, just curious about accessories. You mentioned it's up 44% in Q4. Within that, I assume belt bags is a big driver. Calvin, I'm just worried about how you feel belt bags fits into the overall brand strategy and what you plan to do with that category going forward. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Jay. So in terms of cadence throughout the year, we are really pleased with our trends headed into Q1. And we're also mindful of the macroeconomic uncertainty. So our guidance reflects what we feel to be the appropriate direction at this time. The 16% to -- 15% to 16%, sorry, growth rate for the full year is slightly above our Power of Three x2 average of 15%. So we feel well positioned headed into the year. 
Calvin McDonald: And on accessories and the Everywhere Belt Bag, our accessories business is very healthy, and it's very balanced as well. It's not a one-hit wonder. That team has done a great job in building a compelling total bag business, not just that one particular item. 
 We're pleased with that one item. Love the results. It's been a great driver of brand awareness as well as new guest acquisition. But we have an accessories business across all categories, not just bags, that continue to contribute and grow, and we're excited about its opportunity moving forward in our mix of the assortment for our guests. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-12-07 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc. Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of Lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. 
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. 
 The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website, www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. 
 Today's call is scheduled for one hour, so please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'm happy to be here today to discuss our third quarter results, which, as you've seen from our press release, continue to be strong and resilient while we navigate an external environment that remains challenging. At Lululemon, innovation is at our core. We create apparel, footwear and gear that offers technical solutions to our guests as well as versatility and comfort with a variety of end uses, but that's just the starting point for us. 
 Lululemon is a brand that stands for community with connection firmly at our core. We connect with guests through our educators and ambassadors through our well-being offerings and local events and now through our new membership program in Lululemon Studio. It is this combination of innovation and connection that differentiates Lululemon from our peers and contribute meaningfully to the continued and sustained momentum we see across the business. 
 Over the next few minutes, I'll highlight for you the trends we've experienced over the recent Thanksgiving weekend on what we're seeing in our business at the start of the holiday season. Then I'll discuss quarter 3 and speak to the balanced strength we continue to see across our business in terms of geography, channel and merchandise categories. 
 Next, I'll update you on the supply chain environment and our inventories, and then I'll speak to our product pipeline. And finally, I'll speak to the benefits of our direct-to-consumer model and several of the unique ways we enabled connection with our community. So let's jump in. I will start with our performance over Thanksgiving as I'm sure it's top of mind for all of you. 
 I'm pleased with our results and performance over the extended Thanksgiving weekend and as we start the holiday season. Over the past 2 weeks, I have traveled with several senior leaders across North America to cities, including Phoenix, Tampa, Orlando, New York and Toronto. We visited several stores in each market and saw a tremendous level of engagement from our team members, our guests in every store. 
 In fact, Black Friday was the biggest day ever in our history in terms of revenue and traffic driven by our results in both North America and around the world, with guests responding well to the innovation we offer across our product assortment. 
 Our performance across markets and geographies shows that consumers are seeking brands like Lululemon that offer innovative, versatile product and a strong community connection that they can't find anywhere else. We also recognize that the external environment remains challenging with several high-volume weeks still in front of us. That being said, I'm encouraged with the beginning of our holiday season and I am confident in how our brand is positioned in the near and long term. 
 Now I will speak to our performance in quarter 3. Meghan will go through the details in a few moments, but I'll share with you some of the financial highlights. Our revenue growth remains strong and balanced across several drivers as follows: all on a 3-year CAGR basis. Stores increased 16%, while e-commerce grew 46%, by region, North America grew 24% and international increased 42%. Revenue in Mainland China grew nearly 70% and we experienced strength across merchandise categories with men's up 28%, women's up 23% and accessories growing at 52%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 23% versus last year and 28% on a 3-year CAGR basis. And our market share gains continue. While the adult active apparel industry decreased its U.S. revenue by 4% in fiscal quarter 3 '22 compared to the same period last year, Lululemon gained 1.5 points of market share in the U.S. over this time, the most of any brand in this market according to the NPD Group's consumer tracking service. 
 These results are only possible due to the strength and dedication of our people around the world. To our teams in our stores, in our distribution centers and call centers and in our store support centers, I'd like to express my gratitude on behalf of the entire leadership team. You connect with our guests every day, execute against our growth plan and continue to support one another, all of which enable the financial results we deliver quarter after quarter. 
 Turning now to supply chain and our inventories. We continue to see improvements across our supply chain. Our factories have now returned to pre-pandemic levels of production efficiency. In addition, ocean delivery times are continuing to improve from the 70 days we experienced last quarter. I'm also excited to share that we recently opened our Tilbury distribution center located near Vancouver to support demand in Western Canada. This DC is a great example of our ongoing investment in strategic foundational infrastructure projects that will help fuel our "Power of Three x2" growth plan. 
 In terms of inventory, we ended quarter 3 with dollar inventory up 85% on a 1-year basis and units up 38% on a 3-year CAGR basis, both metrics in line with our expectations. As we discussed, our inventory levels were too lean last year, and we made the strategic decision to build inventories this year, which enabled the strong top line growth we have delivered. 
 Meghan will share additional details, and we remain comfortable with both the quality and quantity of our inventory. We continue to leverage our core styles, which account for approximately 45% of our total inventory and carry limited seasonal markdown risk. I'd also note that quarter 3 will represent the high point for our inventory on a 1-year dollar basis. And as we enter quarter 4, we are well positioned to be in stock throughout the holiday season. 
 I will now spend a few minutes speaking about product. As you know, innovation at Lululemon is fueled by our science of field development platform. Our team's focus first on identifying the unmet needs of our guests and then we view them through the lens of activities to develop new franchises and other hero items that are versatile and innovative. 
 Quarter 3 had some great examples of how we bring this strategy to life. In footwear, we launched our fourth style, Strongfeel. Like the other technical styles rolled out this year, Strongfeel was designed for women first, which differentiates us from many of our peers who create shoes for men and then adapt them for women. Strongfeel is a technical training shoe designed to keep the foot anchored and secured during workouts and we're encouraged by the initial guest response. 
 As I've mentioned before, footwear is a test-and-learn category for us, and it represents a small portion of the growth we anticipate over the next 5 years. This allows us to build into the potential at an appropriate pace as we learn and make adjustments. That being said, we're excited about the potential opportunity in this category, and we were pleased to be recognized by Footwear News with the Launch of the Year Award presented during their 36th Annual Achievement Awards last week in New York. 
 Turning now to franchises. It's great to see how our teams continue to build out our range of Wunder Puff offerings. We started with a single women's jacket and have expanded into 11 styles within this outerwear franchise across women's, men's and accessories. Our results show that our guests respond extremely well to the breadth of options. While last year, we were constrained in terms of inventory, particularly in outerwear, we are well positioned with Wunder Puffs for the holiday season and expect to meet guest demand. 
 As we look forward, franchise development represents a unique and distinctive opportunity for Lululemon with Align, Scuba and Define as a few examples, all of them beginning with a singular style and then expanding into popular multiple style offerings. And this is just the beginning. We will continue to introduce, expand and grow our franchise business into the future. 
 Let me now shift gears and speak to another one of Lululemon's key competitive advantages, our D2C model. Our ability to connect directly with guests in real time and across both our physical and digital channels gives us a number of ways to engage beyond a purchase transaction. In quarter 3, we launched our new membership program, began to hold local 10-K races for the first time since the pandemic began, and we brought focus to World Mental Health Day around the world with a notable activation in China. 
 Some highlights are, in early October, we successfully launched our new 2-tier membership program in North America. The essential tier is free to everyone and offers unique benefits to members, including early access to product drops, exchange or credit on sale items and invitations to virtual community events. 
 The premium tier of the program, Lululemon Studio represents the evolution of Mirror into a much more engaging hybrid fitness offering. We've extended our collective by partnering with some of the best fitness studios and instructors to bring even more classes to our members, both digitally and in real life. 
 To join, members purchased a Lululemon Studio Mirror, agreed to a $39 monthly subscription and received many exciting new benefits. 
 Another way we engage with guests is through our 10-K runs. We sponsored 2 races in Atlanta and in Houston and we're excited by the response. We paused these experiences during the pandemic. So I'm thrilled that we have been able to hold these large-scale community activations once again, bringing together our guests, local teams and ambassadors to extend our community connection. 
 And in China, we brought attention to World Mental Health Day in October with a month-long campaign aimed at inspiring people to take positive actions towards improving their physical, mental and social well-being. This included in real life events focused on wellness, media partnerships and the launch of a digital well-being hub on WeChat. These examples bring to life the unique ways we connect with our guests and our communities across the globe. 
 This enduring strength of Lululemon demonstrates our ability to be globally strong and regionally relevant as we foster a deeper relationship with Lululemon for existing and importantly, new guests. All of this increases brand awareness, drives traffic to our stores and websites and ultimately results in higher purchase consideration engagement with Lululemon. 
 Before handing it over to Meghan, I wanted to speak further about our international business. As you know, our plans call for a quadrupling of international revenue over 5 years from 2021 to 2026, and I'm very pleased with how our leaders and local teams are executing against that goal. This was reinforced for me during my recent visits to the United Kingdom and Australia. I toured both markets with our local leaders and team members and got to experience firsthand the energy and excitement of our stores and our recently optimized locations in Australia. 
 It's also exciting to see how we are elevating the guest experience in these markets with the recent rollout of ship from store and enhanced endless aisle capabilities in both regions. With strong leaders in each of these markets and across our international business, I'm energized by our ability to continue to strategically expand Lululemon across geographies. The potential is considerable. 
 And building upon the momentum from our recent market entry into Spain, we opened another iconic location in Europe just last week with a store on the Champs-Elysees in Paris. In the heart of one of the city's main shopping districts, this store will enable us to grow brand awareness, both in France and across Europe, given this is such a popular tourist destination. 
 While our growth prospects are balanced across geographies, international represents a key piece of our "Power of Three x2" growth plan. We're off to a great start, and I look forward to sharing more with you on future earnings calls. With that, I'll now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'm pleased that our momentum continued in Q3, and we were able to deliver both top and bottom line results, which exceeded our guidance. 
 The holiday season is also off to a good start with strong traffic over the extended Thanksgiving weekend, and a positive guest response to our holiday merchandise assortment. In addition, we're in a much better inventory position this year to meet guest demand. However, I also want to acknowledge that we have several large volume weeks ahead of us, and our teams remain focused on connecting and engaging with our guests. 
 Let me now share the details of our Q3 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our inventory and cash position. Please note that when comparing the financial metrics for Q3 2022 with Q3 2021, the adjusted operating results for Q3 2021 exclude $0.18 of expense related to the acquisition of Mirror. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q3, total net revenue increased 28% to $1.86 billion, ahead of our guidance. Comparable sales increased 25% with a 17% increase in stores and a 34% increase in digital. On a 3-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 27%. In our store channel, sales increased 28% on a 1-year basis and 16% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Productivity continues to trend above 2019 levels. And although we had 22 stores closed in Mainland China in the last week of November, we currently have 99% of our fleet open globally. 
 We ended the quarter with a total of 623 stores across the globe. Square footage increased 19% versus last year, driven by the addition of 71 net new stores since Q3 of 2021. During the quarter, we opened 23 net new stores and completed 7 co-located optimizations. 
 In our digital channel, revenues increased 46% on a 3-year CAGR basis and contributed $767 million of top line or 41% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 24% and within international, we saw a 42% increase, both on a 3-year CAGR basis. And by category, men's revenue increased 28% on a 3-year CAGR basis, women's increased 23% and accessories grew 52% on the same basis. 
 I'm also excited that we continue to see strength in traffic across both channels. In stores, traffic increased nearly 25%. And in our digital business, traffic to our e-commerce sites and apps globally increased nearly 50%. On a 3-year CAGR basis, traffic is up 9% in stores and over 41% in e-commerce. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them. 
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $1.04 billion or 55.9% of net revenue compared to 57.2% of net revenue in Q3 2021. Our gross margin decrease of 130 basis points relative to last year was driven primarily by 60 basis points of deleverage from foreign exchange within gross margin, which was somewhat offset by a 20 basis point FX benefit within SG&A. A 40 basis point decrease in product margin, driven primarily by higher markdowns and inventory provisions relative to low levels last year, partially offset by lower air freight expense. And 30 basis points of deleverage on fixed costs, driven primarily by investments in our product teams and distribution centers, offset somewhat by leverage on occupancy and depreciation. 
 When looking at markdowns versus 2019, they were relatively flat and in line with our expectations. The decline in gross margin was larger than our guidance of 50 to 70 basis points, driven predominantly by FX and regional revenue mix. From a regional standpoint, while revenue growth in China was strong for the quarter, it was below our expectations due to COVID-19 impacts. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $684 million or 36.8% of net revenue compared to 37.6% of net revenue in Q3 2021. The leverage in the quarter versus Q3 2021 resulted from leverage in our stores and other channels on corporate SG&A and on foreign exchange. This was offset somewhat by an increase in depreciation and amortization. 
 Operating income for the quarter was $352 million or 19% of net revenue compared to adjusted operating margin of 19.4% last year. Tax expense for the quarter was $97 million or 27.6% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 25.1% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to an accrual for withholding taxes on a portion of fiscal 2022's Canadian earnings and a decrease in tax deductions related to stock-based compensation. 
 Net income for the quarter was $255 million or $2 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.62 in Q3 of 2021. Capital expenditures were $176 million for the quarter compared to $123 million in the third quarter last year. Q3 spend relates primarily to investments to support business growth, including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $353 million in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory at the end of Q3 was $1.7 billion, in line with our expectations. This reflects 1-year dollar growth of 85% and a 3-year unit CAGR of 38%. 
 In-transit inventory is up relative to 2019 and is contributing approximately 3 percentage points to the 3-year unit growth rate. I'd also note that core seasonless product continues to make up approximately 45% of our inventory. We remain pleased with our inventory levels, which position us well to fulfill guest demand in Q4. 
 Looking forward, on a 1-year dollar basis, we expect the inventory growth rate at the end of Q4 to begin to moderate and increase approximately 60% relative to last year. On a 3-year CAGR basis, we expect unit growth to be approximately 39% at the end of Q4. 
 During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 55,000 shares at an average price of approximately $311. At the end of Q3, we had approximately $812 million remaining on our recently authorized $1 billion repurchase program. 
 Let me now shift to our guidance outlook. We're pleased with the start of the holiday season. However, the environment remains dynamic, and we still have approximately 2/3 of the quarter ahead of us. For Q4, we expect revenue in the range of $2.605 billion to $2.655 billion, representing 1 year growth of 22% to 25% and a 3-year CAGR of 23% to 24%. We expect to open approximately 30 net new company-operated stores in Q4. We expect gross margin in Q4 to increase 10 to 20 basis points relative to Q4 of 2021. We expect to see an improvement year-over-year in product margin, driven by lower airfreight expense, which will be partially offset by continued FX pressure and the timing of expenses related to our supply chain investments. We expect markdowns to be in line with 2019 levels. 
 In Q4, we expect our SG&A rate to leverage 30 to 50 basis points relative to Q4 2021. Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.30 versus adjusted EPS of $3.37 a year ago. For the full year 2022, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $7.944 billion to $7.994 billion. This range assumes our e-commerce business continues to grow approximately 30% relative to 2021. 
 When looking at total revenue, our guidance implies a 3-year CAGR of 26%, which continues to be higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020 and higher than the target of approximately 15% growth we set forth in our new "Power of Three x2" growth plan. 
 We now expect to open 79 net new company-operated stores in 2022, up modestly from our prior guidance of 75. Our new store openings in 2022 will include 45 to 50 stores in our international markets and represent a square footage increase in the low 20% range in total. 
 For the full year, we forecast gross margin to decrease between 100 and 140 basis points versus 2021. The reduction relative to last year is driven predominantly by foreign exchange. A more normalized level of markdowns relative to the low levels we experienced last year and increased investment in our DC network. Turning to SG&A for the full year. We forecast leverage of 100 to 140 basis points versus 2021 driven predominantly by increased sales. And when looking at adjusted operating margin for the full year 2022, we expect it to be approximately flat versus last year. 
 For the full year 2022, we expect our effective tax rate to be 28% to 28.5%. For Q4, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 28.5%. For the fiscal year 2022, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $9.87 to $9.97 versus adjusted EPS of $7.79 in 2021. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases and the gain on the real estate sale we realized in Q2. 
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $630 million to $655 million for 2022. The increase versus 2021 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects, including our multiyear project to increase our distribution capabilities to support our future volume and growth. And we are also ramping up our square footage growth relative to last year and now intend to open 79 stores versus our prior expectation of 75. Our range of $630 million to $655 million is approximately 8% of revenue, in line with our current "Power of Three x2" [indiscernible]. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. In closing, I just want to reiterate how pleased we are to see the continued momentum in the business and our strong start to our "Power of Three x2" growth strategy. As we look to quarter 4 and into 2023, I am confident in both our near- and long-term plans that will enable us to deliver on our goals while continuing to successfully navigate whatever comes our way. I look forward to taking your questions now. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And may I say congratulations, very well done. Calvin, I wanted to focus a little bit on China. You talked about kind of strong growth there. You're opening lots of stores out there [indiscernible] probably for next year. What are you seeing then-- what is the breakdown between stores and e-commerce [indiscernible]. 
Calvin McDonald: Adrienne, thanks for the question. We're seeing very good growth across both store channel and our dot-com channel. We don't share the ratio between those 2 but both contributed to growth in the quarter. And as you indicated, the market continued to grow very strongly for us even with their ongoing challenges with COVID where we saw store closures, reduced operating hours comparable to what we saw in quarter 2. They're improving, but just recently, and the team is doing a wonderful job managing through that. But the momentum in the brand across the categories in both genders and both channels remains very strong. And we're very excited about the potential of the brand to be able to continue to drive it through this year as we have and how the guest is responding to it. So we remain very, very excited about the potential and the role that will play in quadrupling our international business with Mainland China playing a big part of that performance. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. Can you give the percent of sales [indiscernible]? 
Calvin McDonald: In terms of growth in the quarter? Or... No, no, sorry, we don't share that. 
Operator: The next question is from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. And of course, congrats on another great quarter. I wanted to just start with what you mentioned on the early holiday performance. It sounds like you guys have been delivering a really impressive result compared to what we've heard across other specialty retailers this earnings season and even at our conference earlier this week. So you guys are really kind of bucking the trend here. What would you attribute Lulu's quarter-to-date outperformance to so far? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks for the question. I'll break it into 2 parts that are driving the momentum both in Q3 as well as to the start of Q4, where our guest metrics have been consistent, as I've shared and remain very healthy across traffic, new guest acquisition, dollar spend, and the balance across our regions, our channels, our categories and activities. 
 But I think one of the primary drivers of our brand and momentum relative to others really sits with the brand positioning and the uniqueness of our brand with product focused on technical solutions, fabrics through our innovative approach of science of feel and the versatility of how the guest uses our product from not just sweating but through on the move. 
 Our D2C model and community and that connection that we have with the guest in quarter 3, we were able to turn some of those physical connections back on and connected to the launch of membership. So they're really distinct aspects of the brand that separate us from many others in this space and within the athletic, within retail, hence, I think the share gains and the overall success. 
 I also think some of the decisions we made as a management team early on. Decisions around pricing, decisions around [indiscernible] to have the products and our decision around inventory has allowed us to continue to deliver on the demand side that we're seeing as we continue to see new guest acquisition strong and the pricing decisions to really manage pricing, to not move pricing aggressively, has allowed us to continue to sell our regular price, not be forced into unnecessary markdowns or course correcting with promotional play like we're seeing happen in the marketplace. So great products, regular price is still selling, driven off of the uniqueness of the overall brand and position in the market. 
Alexandra Straton: That's super great color. Maybe one just final one for me. I wanted to touch on inventory. Similarly, juxtaposing you guys against some of the peers, we've seen many be able to work inventory levels down on a year-over-year basis. Can you just talk about why Lulu is more similar to the last quarter? And then also I think you may have taken the fourth quarter outlook up a little bit on inventory, maybe from 60% to 55% -- from 55% to 60%. So I think a little bit higher than last time. Correct me if I'm wrong, but can you guys just talk about that dynamic for us? 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely. So end of Q4 inventory was in line with our expectations. We were under inventory last year. So as Calvin mentioned, we strategically positioned inventory to be able to capture guest demand this year. We've really been focused on that 3-year unit CAGR, which is 38% at the end of the quarter with 3 points driven by in transit. We are continuing to experience supply chain environment improving and vendor readiness improving. So the team is adjusting to that new reality. That is reflected in the 60% color that we gave for year-end. 
 So as we said, a little bit higher than the 55% to 60%, we gave at the end of last quarter for end of year inventory driven by that improving supply chain environment and vendor readiness. 
Operator: The next question is from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, the innovation pipeline at Lululemon has been particularly strong this year. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that into next year? And where you think the product resonance can really improve as you think about managing consistent growth across your business and particularly in North America. Maybe within that, you could reflect on the glide path between the very strong 1- and 3-year CAGRs that you're performing now versus the longer-term target of 15% and how you think about that growth may be normalizing over the course of the next few years to that long-term target? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Brooke. So in terms of the product pipeline, this year was definitely an exciting year across both our own categories and activities, our play activities, launch of footwear, Q3, like the first half of this year saw a number of new innovations, both in new fabrics, fabrications into our proven franchises like the Align. And Q4, equally, we have some exciting innovation that has hit and will continue to, and the guest is responding very well. That's a proven formula for us. And when I look forward to 2023, we continue to and will continue to drop innovation across the core activities that we've identified of run, train, yoga of the play tennis, golf and hike, and it's both new franchise [indiscernible] items as well as extensions of some of our proven very successful franchises. A great example of that is the Align franchise, one of our strongest with the Lulu fabrication and there's Lulu Ribbed that dropped at the end of Q3, available now in Q4 and the guests are responding incredibly well to that. 
 So we have a number of innovative opportunities across creating completely new items and category extensions through franchise as well as building on the ones. And '23 is another very strong year of innovative launches, which I'm excited about continuing to bring to market. And as you mentioned, we are after the first 3 quarters of this year, trending above the guidance of the "Power of Three x2" growth plan, which we're excited to see how the brand is responding and the guests are reacting to the newness in our new guest acquisition. We haven't changed our outlook and the commitment on the "Power of Three x2", but obviously, very pleased with our performance to date and as we look forward into next year. 
Brooke Roach: And if I could just squeeze one more in for Meghan. Meghan, can you help us with the approximate sizing of the airfreight FX and supply chain investment that is going into the gross margin in 4Q? And remind us how much of those pressures will be persisting into 2023? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So as we look at Q4, we do expect that overall operating margin will have similar pressure as we did in Q3 in terms of FX. So we had a net pressure of 40 basis points in Q3. We're expecting something similar for Q4. When we look overall at our operating margin for Q4, we see it expanding year-over-year in the 40 to 70 basis point range with our guidance versus last year in gross margin, we gave color of 10 to 20 basis points. We're seeing a benefit on product margin driven by lower air freight, which will be partially offset by normalized markdowns in line with our 2019 levels and then also mix of business. We also had that negative impact from FX. And then we'll also have some pressure in gross margin related to fixed costs, particularly the timing of our DC investments, which are really positioned to enable our scale of the business over the next 5 years. 
 And then on the SG&A side, we're expecting 30 to 50 basis points of leverage, which would be driven by higher sales as well as a little bit of a benefit on the FX side within SG&A. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats on another nice quarter. So Calvin, on the material market share gains that you cited, where do you see the largest share opportunities remaining maybe across categories? And then just to elaborate on the start of the fourth quarter, could you just provide any color on the cadence of shopping that you're seeing, maybe stores versus digital? And then just given the comments on the encouraging start of 4Q, is it fair to say you've embedded moderation in the growth CAGR for the remaining 2/3 of the quarter relative to your start? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. So on the last piece in terms of the start of the quarter and what we're seeing, traffic was very strong for us across both our online channel as well as stores in Q3, and we're pleased with the continuation of strong traffic numbers into this quarter. And there's still a lot of the quarter ahead. So as we shared, we had a very strong Thanksgiving shopping weekend and saw good results of our regular priced merchandise and there are some critical weeks ahead. So the teams just remain focused in managing accordingly as we get ready for the holiday season. So that's our approach and how we're monitoring and managing through. 
 And the first part of the question, right, market share. Got it. When I look forward in terms of our continual opportunity to grow market share, it's a combination of both in men's and women's categories and our key activities that we've identified across run, train, yoga, tennis, golf and hike. We shared at our Analyst Day our opportunity in unaided brand awareness with Him. We have seen an improvement in that, but it's well below what the potential is and other brands in our category space. So we know as we continue to drive awareness behind the brand in consideration, it's having an impact on our men's business, pleased with the growth in the quarter of 28% but really just getting started in terms of the potential of more being aware of and considering Lululemon in addition to, as we continue to build out some of the assortment and unmet needs that we have around those core activities that we focused on. 
 And for Her, although we have a better unaided brand awareness, we are still below, again, others in our category space. So we still have opportunity. And women's OTM for us is an exciting opportunity to expand that relationship share of wallet and continue to drive market share. So market share gains, one through unaided awareness and improving that to continue to drive our new guest acquisition, innovating within our core activities as we've identified, as I mentioned before, we're still early innings on the unmet needs and the potential that we see to continue to bring to market and then the option and the opportunity we have around women's OTM is a really exciting one for us, for her as well. So a lot of opportunities that we have to continue to drive market share. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to ask a few more follow-ups on gross margin. Do you still expect airfreight to be a 10 basis point benefit to the full year? And have you changed your view at all on markdowns for the fourth quarter given the more promotional environment? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, so we are expecting airfreight to be slightly better for the full year. So we had said 10 basis points last time, and it's come up to 50. That is being offset by a negative impact from FX both for Q3 and Q4. And then in terms of markdowns, we've been expecting markdowns to be in line with 2019 levels. We did see that in Q3, and that remains our expectation in Q4. And we view that as a more normalized level for us as we compare to 2019. And still, as Calvin mentioned, very healthy full price sell-throughs and no changes in plans for markdown. 
Operator: The next question is from Rick Patel with Raymond James. 
Rakesh Patel: Can you help us think about profitability by region? I'm just curious how that's tracking given your strong demand globally versus strategic investments that you're also making and where you see the most opportunity as you look out to the next year? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Rick. So we are profitable across both our international and North America regions. We were pleased that Europe hit profitability last year. We continue to see opportunity across both North America and international over the longer term. We're obviously in earlier stages in our international business. So we'd expect to see more expansion there as we scale, but the opportunities with scale across both regions. 
Operator: The next question is from Abbie Zvejnieks with Piper Sandler. 
Abigail Zvejnieks: I was wondering if you had any category commentary. I know that last year, you were significantly under inventory in some categories like outerwear, but any shifts you're seeing there? And then maybe commentary on Everywhere Belt Bag. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say in terms of categories, we are seeing pretty balanced growth across our men's, women's and accessories business, all in the double-digit range. We did have pockets of inventory where we were under last year, notably, I call it outerwear where we've seen more positive performance and believe we're in a strong inventory position as we enter Q4. 
 In terms of the Everywhere Belt Bag, it's been a great style for us. Accessories growth, obviously, very strong. It's our #1 sale and we continue to innovate across all of our assortments as we move into Q4 and then into 2023 as well. 
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on navigating a tricky environment. Thanks for all the commentary on gross margin and inventory. I guess when we look at the level of units but also the cost on the balance sheet, is there anything lingering in the cost of goods sold into next year from some of the higher sourcing costs earlier this year that might be a source of pressure on gross margin? Or do you -- are there offsets to that as we -- from supply chain as we go into next year? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, John. I would say we're pleased with the inventory level as we move into Q4, we're obviously seeing some improvement in the supply chain environment. In terms of airfreight, we have seen that moderate throughout the year. We do have a large portion of our inventory that is core, about 45%, so that benefits us. We're not putting a fine point on margin for next year but remain committed to modest operating margin expansion over the longer term. And we'll come back and share more details on our outlook on our March call. 
John Kernan: Got it. I guess just a quick follow-up. Would supply chain cost being more of a benefit this year -- or next year, excuse me, as some of the container costs come down, airfreight, obviously, already coming down [indiscernible]? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I -- there's 2 pieces of the supply chain cost. So one is usage and then one is CPU. We are seeing lead times improve. We had called out 70 days on average last quarter. We're seeing them improve modestly, I'd say they're still not back to historical levels there. But we are seeing some positive movement on the CPU front. So we continue to view that as an opportunity as we move into next year. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Great. I'm curious what the early takeaways have been from the broader rollout of the Like New initiative? What are you seeing in terms of guest spend for those who have turned in used product. And similarly, curious if you can share anything else regarding the Lululemon Studio launch and maybe shed some light on your expectations for the Studio Mirror revenue for this year and next. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks for the question. So with the Like New, it's currently live in 50 states in an approximately 390 stores and we're not sharing specific performance details, but where we are pleased with the results we're seeing is really a twofold: one, guest acquisition on the resale side, new to the brand and the opportunity to enter at a different price point. And then with our current guests, their spending based on trade-in, where they come in and get a variety of different trade-in values and gift cards, we are monitoring and seeing a positive response to that. 
 So it's a new pilot rollout initiative for us, and we're pleased with the early results, and we'll continue to monitor. But early, it's been positive. And from -- sorry. On the Studio side, I'll break it down into 2. From the essential membership tier, which is our free membership program, if you remember on Analyst Day, we indicated that we aim to have 80% of our guests to sign up for the program. And based on our glide path to that as guests come into our channels, be it online or in store, we're running ahead of that. So we're very happy with the sign-ups at this point. And it's going to allow us to engage with that guest base through a variety of new benefits that we offer in a very exciting, positive way. And with the introduction, the re-branding of Mirror into Studio as well, very pleased with the response, continuing to test and learn but we're excited how the platform fits within community, fits within our essential membership program and allows us to continue to innovate behind community and the connection with our guests. So it's early, only a few months, but encouraged with the results we're seeing. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. Meghan, I guess just a housekeeping one. When do you think FX pressure to the gross margin can start to get better here given where rates are moving lately? And then I guess I'm just curious if you could help us unpack the gross margin a little bit more for next year. I know you answered it a little bit, but it seems like the industry is looking to get clean on inventory, so there should be some recapture opportunity there. Obviously, of freight, you spoke about a little bit and I'm curious how long you think that pressure on the fixed cost line within gross margin that flipped over to a negative this quarter on a nice comp. Does that roll forward with us for a few quarters? 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks. I would say in terms of FX, our outlook is that Q4 is more similar than not to Q3.  I think hard to put a fine point on next year, but I would view it as an opportunity over the longer-term time horizon. 
 In terms of gross margin next year, again, do view airfreight as a benefit but we're also committed really to that bottom line operating income expansion on a modest basis. We'll continue to balance opportunities and investments in the business, really focused on driving into our long-term goals, both of revenue growth and being able to scale with the business and support that long-term opportunity that we see. 
 And then I would say fixed costs, particularly on the DC side, we have some upfront investments in our DC capabilities and footprint in order to support that long-term volume. So we'll see some pressure in the near term and then see that start to leverage over time as we move through our 5-year plan. It is a multiyear road map. So we'll continue to offer some color there as we move through that. 
Michael Binetti: If I could sneak one in on the fourth quarter just -- I think you embedded in the comp for fourth quarter, particularly between the channel stores and e-comm, considering where traffic is, how much it's up based on some of the metrics you gave us and how busy your stores get over the next few weeks here. Maybe just a little bit on how you're thinking about the 2 channels. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, we didn't break down the channels for Q4. What we did offer was 23% to 24% sales growth overall. And we did give some color for the year on e-commerce at approximately 30% growth, which would embed both our Q3 results and our expectations for Q4. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore Partners. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask my first question on pricing, actually. I know you guys have been -- haven't been too aggressive or haven't had really the need to use pricing lever even in this inflationary environment. But as you see COGS, inflation, freight, FX impacting the gross margin. Maybe talk about your appetite and the brand strength and the brand's capability to use pricing as a tool as needed? And then maybe also dive in deeper on China. It seems like the form they were pretty solid despite all the COVID closures going on there? Maybe talk about what the outlook will be once -- what your expectations are for that business once the -- who knows when it will be, but once the kind of market and economy and consumer spending and retail environment opens up there? 
Calvin McDonald: Omar, on pricing, as we've stated, we only increased around 10% of our assortment mix this year as we priced in and we continue to evaluate and look for opportunity. And we separate cost of goods and any pressure we're seeing there with short-term cost of supply chain logistics. And what we don't want to do is react too aggressively and create any impact on the demand of our product. 
 And we're going to continue to take that approach, comfortable on the inflationary pressures we're seeing on cost of goods and how we're priced in. And as I said, we'll adjust on the other. And I think as we've seen through the 3 quarters of this year, the decision so far has been the right decision, where others that priced up are now heavily discounting and giving away any of that perceived gain and more so and having to mark goods down where we're able to continue to sell our product at regular price, not react and our markdown performance has been in our guidance in line with what we indicated we would be from a 2019 perspective. 
 So I -- we continue to monitor it, but our pricing decisions, I think, have helped to fuel our momentum this year, and we'll continue to take a similar approach as we look out to next year. And on China, we remain very excited. Our new store openings, we opened 9 stores in the quarter in Mainland China. We have 88 now in market. Their performance continues to exceed -- beat expectations. In markets where we don't have constraints related to COVID, the store performance and online performance is very strong. So we remain very excited about the market, committed to the market and know that it will play a strong role in our growth of quadrupling international through our "Power of Three x2" growth strategy. 
Omar Saad: Just to clarify, in terms of pricing, so it's not that you don't think the Lululemon brand has the pricing power, but you just don't see the need given some of the transitional nature of some of the inflation going on there to chase pricing given the environment. Is that a fair characterization? 
Calvin McDonald: It's a fair characteristic, but I'd also indicate when we mentioned the 10% of assortment that we've moved pricing on, throughout this year, we've looked at our new innovation and priced it accordingly relative to where we see opportunity in the marketplace. So we absolutely know that this is a premium brand. We have pricing power. We're able to launch and introduce exciting new innovation that is priced to support the technology and the innovation that is into the product. And we are being cautious in managing our regular pricing accordingly with the promotional nature of the market so that we're able to continue to sort of drive the demand at regular price that we're seeing, and we'll manage accordingly. But absolutely, it's not a reflection of what we believe the pricing power of the brand is. In fact, I think the way the brand is performing in a heavily promoted environment actually supports the power of the pricing position that we have at Lululemon.
 Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: The next question is from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. Calvin, I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you've seen from the footwear business when you think about the Strongfeel versus Blissfeel versus Chargefeel? Have you seen the consumer adopt one style versus the other? I mean, have you seen certain colors or SKUs do better? And are you looking to expand the assortment as you get into next year? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Jay. We're pleased with the results to date. As you indicated, we have 4 SKUs within our footwear and each have performed well. It's a combination. We're seeing certain guests purchase multiple styles, and we're seeing new guests enter either into Blissfeel or Chargefeel or into Strongfeel or Restfeel. Restfeel being our first dual-gender offering for both Him and Her and the other 3 being specific for our female guest built off of a last design on Her foot. 
 As we look forward, I'm excited about continuing to test and learn as we indicated, it doesn't play a big role in our "Power of Three x2" growth plan that we shared on Analyst Day, and it's an exciting category for us. And we have the ability and we'll take the ability to pace, to learn but we started with a very innovative, unique positioning, and we'll build from that. And colors -- from the color [indiscernible] responding very well to the colors. I think that's one of the unique positionings of it is our core colors of black and white are strong, but a lot of the unique color waves, She's responded very well to. So it's early for us, excited about the results, and we'll continue to test and learn and share more. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-09-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. 
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under our Investors section of our website at www.lulemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I am excited to be here today to highlight our second quarter results and the continued momentum we're experiencing at lululemon. While the external environment around us has been challenging, we are seeing our guests respond strongly to our product innovations, our community activations and our omni operating model, which allows us to meet and exceed their expectations. During the next few minutes, I will discuss the factors that are driving our broad-based strength. Next, I'll discuss the current supply chain environment, then our pipeline of product innovation, and I'll conclude with an update on our growth within the international business. 
 As you've seen from our press release, the momentum in our business remained strong in the second quarter. Revenue increased 29% versus last year and 28% on a 3-year CAGR basis representing an acceleration from quarter 1. Adjusted earnings per share increased 33% and 32% on the same basis. And based on our guidance, we anticipate a high level of performance to continue in quarter 3. 
 These results are even more compelling considering the difficult macroeconomic environment in which we are operating. Our performance was only possible because of our teams across the globe. Their dedication, their agility and their enthusiasm for our brand, which enable us to consistently deliver for our guests and report these above-plan financial results. Meghan will share the detailed performance metrics with you shortly, but I'd like to give you my perspective on what's driving the strength and specifically speak to guest engagement. 
 Given the current macro backdrop, we have been looking closely at our guest data and metrics to identify any shifts in spending patterns, behaviors or habits. And to date, I'm pleased to show that we are not seeing any meaningful variation in cohort behavior or the metrics we track in this area of the business. New guest acquisition remains strong with transactions by first-time guests increasing over 20% in quarter 2. Transactions by existing guests increased in the high teens. 
 Traffic across channels remains robust with store traffic up over 30% and e-commerce traffic increasing over 40%. And importantly, we are not creating this traffic through markdowns or price promotions. lululemon remains predominantly a full-price business, and we have not changed our promotional cadence or markdown strategy and we have no plans to do so. While we haven't seen anything on our internal dashboards to suggest any changes, we continue to monitor our guest behavior closely, and we remain agile in how we plan the business. 
 Shifting topics, like others in the industry, we continue to navigate challenges throughout the supply chain. That said, we are pleased to see some promising signs of improvement yet recognize further normalization within the supply chain will take some time. We currently have no closures across our vendor base. And in China, vendors who had to close their slow production in quarter 1 due to COVID-19 are beginning to catch up. 
 Ocean delivery times are improving, although they remain significantly elevated compared to the pre-COVID period. And while we continue to strategically leverage airfreight to help ensure timely delivery of product into our distribution centers, we are seeing these rates begin to come down. 
 In terms of inventory, we remain comfortable with both our quality and quantity, and we are well positioned for the fall season. As you recall, for much of last year, we were under-inventoried and not able to fully maximize our business. This year, we are in a much better position to deliver product innovation to our guests wherever and however they shop with us. 
 We remain in the early innings of our growth and we have multiple levers that we can pull to continue our momentum, particularly when looking at product. In quarter 2, we drove expansion across our core play and new categories. Let me now share some highlights of our recent and upcoming product innovations. 
 In our core product categories, we launched SenseKnit, our new proprietary fabric technology offering zone compression for runners and we saw great success in our core scuba and define franchises for women and in our ABC and commission franchises for men. 
 Switching now to our play categories. Our strategy is to solve for our guests' unmet needs across their secondary sweat activities such as golf, tennis and hike. We roll out targeted innovations while also leveraging the versatility of our core assortment. This not only builds our credibility within the activity, but it also allows us to drive overall sales while effectively managing SKUs. 
 Our hike collection, which we launched in quarter 2, is another example of how we are executing our play strategy well. Hike is an activity that grew in popularity with guests during the pandemic, and we are excited to now be able to serve our guests as they hit the trails. We are thrilled by the early reaction to our hike collection with strong response from both guests and the media. 
 And finally, let me update you on footwear. Blissfeel, the first style we launched in March, continues to perform well. We improved our inventory position after the strong guest response at launch, and we're seeing continued excitement around this technical running shoe. In quarter 2, we launched our next 2 footwear styles: Restfeel, our dual gender slide; and Chargefeel, our hybrid training shoe for women. 
 Similar to Blissfeel, Chargefeel was designed specifically for women. Our teams developed a dynamic workout shoe to be used across a wide range of training activities, and we're excited about the initial response from both the media and our guests. 
 Looking forward, our pipeline of innovation remains robust, and I'm excited with what the teams have developed for the second half of the year, including a further expansion of apparel for run with new styles offering heat retention and reflective detailing to enable outdoor runs in cooler and low light conditions as the season shift. With the exception of a few outerwear styles and accessories, we've never had a [ solve ] for cold weather runs. The upcoming expansion of our assortment is a great example of the ongoing opportunity to build out our core categories and provide new solutions for our guests. 
 Next, we will continue to expand our new hike category to include heavier styles to protect against the elements during cold weather outings. We will also continue our throwback strategy with the relaunch of our popular unicorn tears print in select styles. This print has not been available since 2012 and has been one of the most requested by our guests, and we're thrilled to be bringing it back for a limited time. 
 And finally, we'll launch our fourth footwear style, Strongfeel, a technical training shoe designed to keep the foot anchored and secured during multidirectional training workouts. While our product is clearly a key point of differentiation, our direct-to-consumer model also provides us with a compelling competitive advantage. Our own channels, both brick-and-mortar and digital, allow us to connect directly with our guests, foster deeper relationships and engage with them in many ways beyond just a purchase transaction. 
 During the pandemic, we evolved our approach and developed new ways to connect digitally with our guests and communities. Now as we're moving into post-COVID world, we're once again connecting with our guests in person while also continuing to leverage new ways to engage digitally. 
 Our new 2-tier membership program, which we'll be launching shortly, is a perfect example of our ability to connect with guests in new ways. As we discussed at our Analyst Day, we will be rolling out a free program that will offer members benefits across the lululemon ecosystem, and we will be evolving MIRROR into lululemon studio, which will represent the paid tier of the program. 
 Community connection is at the core of lululemon. Our ongoing outreach and engagement with our guests not only deepen our relationship, but also drive purchases. I'm particularly excited with the opportunity we have in front of us with our new membership program in lululemon studio to activate our community and enhance the connection to our guests across both our physical and digital platforms. 
 Before turning it over to Meghan to discuss our quarter 2 financials and guidance outlook, let me share some insights into our international business. Overall momentum in our international business remains strong, with revenue increasing 35% versus last year and 40% on a 3-year CAGR basis. In China, after a slower start to the year given COVID-19-related closures and capacity constraints, we have seen a rebound in the region. Revenue grew over 30% versus last year, and we saw a nearly 70% increase on a 3-year CAGR basis. We remain in the early innings of growth in China and consistent with our approach in all other markets, we are leveraging our D2C model to grow our brand and attract new guests. 
 In quarter 2, in our brick-and-mortar channel, we opened 8 stores in China Mainland. We now operate 40 stores in Tier 1 cities, 25 stores in Tier 2 cities and 14 stores in Tier 3 cities and continue to see strength across this entire portfolio. 
 In our e-commerce channel, we recently launched a digital flagship store on JD.com, a leading online retailer in China. JD's customer base skews more heavily towards men and represents a compelling new guest acquisition tool for us as we continue to grow our brand in the region. 
 I'm also thrilled with how our local teams continue to build community, increase our brand awareness and deepen the relationship we have with our guests. A great illustration of this is our summer sweat games 2022. This event saw more than 2,000 guests participate in over 60 events in 20 cities across the China Mainland. Activities included outdoor yoga, dancing and surfing experiences. In addition, more than 100,000 guests participated in sweat sessions offered by our ambassadors on Keep, a leading fitness app in China. 
 Shifting now to Europe, where our momentum is also strong, revenue increased 20% and 22% on a 1- and 3-year CAGR basis, respectively. We are all excited that lululemon is entering Spain, our first new market in the region in 3 years. Our local e-commerce site is up and running, and our first 2 stores in Barcelona and Madrid are gearing up to open shortly, and we expect Spain to be a strong market for us going forward. 
 In total, we are now operating 40 stores and 5 websites in Europe. International expansion is one of the key pillars of our Power of Three x2 growth plan, which calls for a quadrupling of our business from 2021 levels by the end of 2026, and we are off to a great start. 
 With that, I'll now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'm pleased that we continue to see broad-based strength across our business. Traffic to both our stores and digital channels is strong and guests are responding well to our product innovations. We're in a better inventory position relative to last year, which is also helping to drive our top line strength. And looking at Q3, we're happy with the start to the fall season, which is reflected in the updated guidance I'll take you through shortly. 
 Let me now share with you the details of our Q2 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our inventory and cash position. Please note that when comparing the financial metrics for Q2 2022 and Q2 2021, the adjusted operating results for Q2 2022 exclude a $0.06 gain related to the disposition of an office building, while the adjusted operating results for Q2 2021 excludes $0.06 of expense related to the acquisition of MIRROR. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q2, total net revenue increased 29% to $1.87 billion, ahead of our guidance. Comparable sales increased 25% with an 18% increase in stores and a 32% increase in digital. On a 3-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 28%, an acceleration from our 27% 3-year CAGR in Q1. In our store channel, sales increased 30% on a 1-year basis and 16% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Productivity continues to trend above 2019 levels. On average, we had 98% of our stores opened throughout Q2, and we currently have 99% open. We ended the quarter with a total of 600 stores across the globe, a milestone we are all extremely proud of. 
 Square footage increased 19% versus last year, driven by the addition of 66 net new stores since Q2 of 2021. During the quarter, we opened 21 net new stores and completed 6 co-located optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues increased 53% on a 3-year CAGR basis. We contributed $775 million of top line or 42% of total revenue. 
 Within North America, revenue increased 26%. And within international, we saw a 40% increase, both on a 3-year CAGR basis. And by category, men's revenue increased 30% on a 3-year CAGR basis, women's increased 25% and accessories grew 50% on the same basis. I'm also excited that we continue to see strength in traffic across both channels. And stores traffic increased over 30% on top of the 150% increase in traffic we experienced last year. And in our digital business, traffic to our e-commerce sites and apps globally increased over 40%. On a 3-year CAGR basis, traffic is up 8% in stores and over 40% in e-commerce. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $1.06 billion or 56.5% of net revenue compared to 58.1% of net revenue in Q2 2021. Our gross margin decrease of 160 basis points relative to last year was driven primarily by a 150 basis point decrease in product margin. Q2 product margin included an increase of approximately 130 basis points in airfreight related to macro supply chain challenges, which was slightly better than our guidance of 150 basis points. Markdowns were 30 basis points higher than Q2 2021, given low inventory levels and out of stocks last year. Relative to 2019, markdowns are flat. We also experienced 40 basis points of deleverage from foreign exchange. This was partially offset by 30 basis points of leverage on fixed costs, driven primarily by occupancy and depreciation. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $662 million or 35.4% of net revenue compared to 37.3% of net revenue in Q2 2021. Leverage in the quarter versus Q2 2021 resulted from leverage in our store and digital channels and modest leverage on foreign exchange, somewhat offset by increased investments in corporate SG&A and depreciation. 
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $391 million or 20.9% of net revenue compared to adjusted operating margin of 20.6% in Q2 2021 and inclusive of approximately 130 basis points of additional airfreight expense. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $110 million or 28.2% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 27.9% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to a decrease in tax deductions related to stock-based compensation and an accrual for withholding taxes on a portion of our fiscal 2022 Canadian earnings. 
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $281 million or $2.20 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.65 in Q2 of 2021. Capital expenditures were $145 million for the quarter compared to $80 million in the second quarter last year. Q2 spend relates primarily to investments to support business growth, including our multiyear distribution center project, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and technology investments. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $499 million in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 85% versus last year and was $1.46 billion at the end of Q2. We continue to strategically use airfreight to help mitigate industry-wide supply chain issues and support our top line momentum, with these higher costs having an impact on inventory when looked at on a dollar basis. We also believe that 2019 is the most relevant comparison point given supply chain challenges since the beginning of the pandemic. 
 On a 3-year CAGR basis, unit inventory increased 38% relative to 2019 at the end of Q2. In-transit inventory is up relative to 2019 and is contributing approximately 2 percentage points to the 3-year unit CAGR of 38%. I'd also point out that we likely left guest demand on the table last year as we were under inventory due to supply chain issues, and we continue to leverage our core assortment, which comprises approximately 45% of our inventory. Looking forward, on a 1-year dollar basis, we expect the inventory growth rate at the end of Q3 to be slightly higher than the levels we saw at the end of Q2 before the growth rate moderates to 50% to 60% at the end of Q4. 
 Our expectation of Q3 ending inventory now being the high-water line, when looked at on a 1-year basis, is being driven by better on-time performance at our vendors, which is allowing us to receive products sooner than we initially expected. This is also allowing us to use less airfreight as we now expect airfreight for the full year 2022 to be 10 basis points under last year versus our prior expectation of 30 basis points above last year. 
 On a 3-year CAGR basis, we expect unit growth to remain consistent with Q2 levels in Q3 and moderate somewhat in Q4. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 420,000 shares at an average price of $298. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $830 million remaining on our recently authorized $1 billion repurchase program. 
 I'm excited with our continued strong performance despite the challenges presented by the current macro environment. Our teams across the business are executing at a high level. However, as we did throughout the pandemic, we continue to plan the business for multiple scenarios, so we are ready should we see any change in guest behavior. We have multiple levers to pull when it comes to discretionary expenses and capital expenditures. And as Calvin said, we are monitoring our guest metrics very closely to determine if we need to make any adjustments. 
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q3 and the full year 2022. For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $1.78 billion to $1.81 billion, representing 1 year growth of 23% to 24% and a 3-year CAGR of approximately 25. We expect to open 25 net new company-operated stores in Q3. We expect gross margin in Q3 to be down 50 to 70 basis points relative to Q3 of 2021. While we expect to see leverage on airfreight expense relative to last year, this will be offset by the timing of expenses related to our supply chain initiatives as well as a more normalized level of markdowns relative to the low levels we experienced last year. 
 In Q3, we expect our SG&A rate to be relatively flat with Q3 2021. Based on the timing of our investments, we would expect SG&A to be relatively flat with last year in Q4 as well. Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $1.90 to $1.95 versus adjusted EPS of $1.62 a year ago. For the full year 2022, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $7.87 billion to $7.94 billion. This range assumes our e-commerce business grows in the low- to mid-20s relative to 2021. 
 When looking at total revenue, our guidance implies a 3-year CAGR of approximately 26%, which continues to be higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19% leading up to 2020 and higher than the target of approximately 15% growth we set forth in our new Power of Three x2 growth plan. We now expect to open approximately 75 net new company-operated stores in 2022, up modestly from our prior guidance of approximately 70. Our new store openings in 2022 will include approximately 45 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low 20% range in total. 
 For the full year, we are forecasting gross margin to decrease between 100 to 130 basis points versus 2021. The reduction relative to last year is driven predominantly by increased investment in our DC network, and a more normalized level of markdowns relative to the low levels we experienced last year while still below 2019 levels. 
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We are now forecasting leverage of 100 to 130 basis points versus 2021, driven predominantly by increased sales. And when looking at adjusted operating margin for the full year 2022, we expect it to be approximately flat to up slightly versus last year. For the full year, we expect our effective tax rate to be 28% to 28.5%. For Q3, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 28%. For the fiscal year 2022, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $9.75 to $9.90 versus adjusted EPS of $7.79 in 2021. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases and the gain on the real estate sale we realized in Q2. 
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $610 million to $635 million for 2022. The increase versus 2021 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects. Notably, this includes our new multiyear project to increase our distribution capabilities to support our future volume and growth and increased square footage growth relative to last year. A range of $610 million to $635 million is approximately 8% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%. 
 Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. As you can see from our results, lululemon continues to perform at a high level, and I am consistently impressed by the ability of our teams to anticipate, meet and exceed the needs of our guests. And across the business, we're seeing that our guests are eager to welcome us into new categories, styles and markets, which speaks to the significant growth potential for lululemon going forward. We are off to a very good start as we embark upon our Power of Three x2 growth plan, and there's a clarity and focus on the work underway across the company. 
 And in closing, I want to express my gratitude to everyone at lululemon for your hard work and the passion that continues to show all of us the power of our people and company. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations, another just remarkable quarter. Calvin, I guess I wanted to talk about there was a lot of intra-quarter chatter about kind of promotions across the space and kind of a slowing in the athleisure. We've obviously talked about how lulu is more of a brand rather than sort of a retailer. But I really want to understand what are -- what is the method that you're using to address some of the promotions that are going on around you? You no longer do warehouse sales. You're just doing sort of the online clearance, but you're not even calling that out as an online warehouse sale. So just what are the methods that you're using to move through the aged inventory that's allowing you to keep up the brand equities? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of methods, there's been no change to our approach on markdowns. As you know, we were -- we took modest price increases on a small percentage of our range of product. We continue to closely monitor that. And our markdown activity is in line with past penetrations 2019 pre-pandemic. And it really is -- our momentum is driven through the pillars of growth and innovation of our product. So the positioning around unique innovative products through our core is resonating with our guests and our markdown behavior has not changed with no plans to change and the quarter's results were driven by full price selling prices. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So really encouraging to hear you haven't seen any major shifts in consumer behavior. Given the choppier macro backdrop versus a few months ago that many others have called out, maybe just speak a little bit more to what you're seeing in your business that's giving you the confidence to actually raise the implied back half growth outlook? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. One of the areas that continue to fuel our momentum and give us the confidence and the momentum heading into the back half of this year is the balanced growth that we're seeing across all of our pillars in the Power of Three x2 growth initiatives. And I'll quickly break them down because it really does support that narrative and the fact that we're in early innings of growth, and we have multiple levers to pull to grow our business that we are innovating into through our strategies, and they are resonating. 
 So from a product perspective, when you look at our business across activities, categories and gender, where our men's business was up 27%, our women's business was up 24%, accessories was up 80%. We were seeing very balanced growth in all of those activities driving and through innovation. On the guest side, the omni guest key initiatives, our new guests were up 24% existing. We're transacting at a 17% increase rate. Traffic was incredibly strong with stores up 30%, e-com up 40 and strong sales comps across both our e-com in-store business, again, very balanced. And then at the regional level, North America, up 28%; international up 35%. 
 So the plan that we've been working on is we are early innings of the execution, but it's resonating, it's working and the business is growing across all of these levers in a very balanced way that's allowing us to achieve the results, contributing the momentum. In the back half, when I look at product innovation and innovation across the guest with the launch of our membership program and our expansion into the regions gives us the confidence that we can keep the momentum in our business strong and hence, the guidance that we've shared. 
Mark Altschwager: Great. And congrats to you and the team on the strong results. 
Operator: The next question is from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. And congrats on another great quarter. I wanted to dig into the international result, amazing at 35% year-over-year. Can you just talk about the key drivers there? If there were specific geographies or more broad-based? And also, as it becomes a bigger part of lululemon's revenue over time, can you just talk about what the margin implications would be? 
Calvin McDonald: Well, absolutely. Very pleased with our international business. As you know, our 5-year plan is to quadruple it. And across every market we're in, we continue to see very strong results for the brand, the way it's resonating in the market. And excited about the investment strategies we have in a rolling out across -- in Europe. We're seeing good growth across all countries. We opened our dot-com site in Spain. We actually opened our first store in Barcelona tomorrow. We opened Madrid in a few weeks. We're opening in Champs-Elysees later this year. 
 So excited about the opportunities we continue to see in Europe. Across Asia Pacific, in Australia with some of the new stores that we've opened. And China, which continues to be one of our big market opportunities even with ongoing operational challenges, we saw an acceleration in the quarter, with China growing 30%. And excited about the way the new stores are working in the market, the way that product continues to resonate, new guest acquisition and activating through communities. So in every market where we're in, we're seeing a very balanced contribution to our growth and are early in the opportunities that we see in each of these markets. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a really nice quarter. So Calvin, on the high 20s revenue CAGR that you posted in the first half and taking into account the new customer acquisition metrics that you cited, so do you think the performance that you're seeing relative to the remainder of the market, is this a combination of a larger TAM, but then also company-specific market share gains? And then Meghan, I guess more near term, have you seen any notable change in momentum in either stores or digital so far in August? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. I'll take the first half. We've definitely seen market share gain according to NPD. We've -- we are the largest share gainer in the quarter at 1.4 points. So we're very pleased with our performance, our performance relative to our peer sets. And I think the first half of this year is really a consistent narrative of new category expansion, driving awareness through a number of earned media opportunities as well as us continuing our investment in collective and community and reactivating some events, great product that's driving new guest acquisition and an existing guest that continues to be engaged in the expansion of both our core and play activities, be it golf, tennis, hike, those are resonating very well. They're lifting our core sales. So it's a combination of the levers that we've been working towards, and it has translated into market share gain in the quarter. 
Meghan Frank: And Matt, I'd add on Q3 -- so we're happy with the start of the quarter. I'm comfortable with the guidance we provided, which was a 3-year revenue CAGR of 25%. And as Calvin mentioned, we are seeing continued strength in our guest behavior and metrics there, which we continue to monitor closely. And I'd say within that, pleased with the performance of stores and digital that you asked about. And obviously, the macro environment is dynamic. We continue to plan the business based on multiple scenarios and feel well positioned as we enter Q3. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats again. Best of luck. 
Operator: The next question is from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I was wondering if you could reflect on the very strong new customer acquisition trends that you've been seeing in this quarter. Can you speak to more detail on what specifically is driving that new guest acquisition? Are the demographics of that customer changing versus your historical new guests? And how important are these new product categories or select accessory items in driving that engagement? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. As you've indicated, very healthy new guest acquisition numbers at plus 24%. And I would say the majority of their first purchases have been very consistent with our traditional categories that we're seeing, very strong bottoms business and very strong in women's and new guest in men. So very pleased with the balance. The success of the everywhere belt bag has added to new guest acquisition. So we're excited to see that as a way to bring even more into our collective and with our guests. 
 But the bulk and the majority of the driver as it is with our sales growth is our core traditional. When we expand into new categories and as we expand deeper into play, it really resonates with our existing guests, which is a big part of the positioning of the strategy, and we saw that through existing guests increasing transactions with us at plus 17%, very healthy. So the strategy is, obviously, bring them in, new guests, migrate them up and expand and increase the share of wallet. And innovation is doing both in pulling new guests in as well as migrating them up in their spend. And we're seeing a very healthy balance across all of those levers. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Can you talk a little bit about the reaction to the limited price increases you've taken so far this year? And then any expectations for the back half or into '23 to continue along the path of price increases? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, as we mentioned, we've taken modest increases -- or we were taking throughout the year of modest increases on approximately 10% of the assortment. We haven't, to date, experienced any price resistance. We continue to closely monitor and don't have any plans to change our markdown cadence as we move throughout the year, still very high, healthy full price sell-throughs. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the impressive results. As you see -- as you take a look at freight, it seems like it's moderated from the first quarter to the second quarter. How do you see freight going through the balance of the year? And then just next thing on -- Calvin, the core product, obviously, is 45% of sales. The new collections that are coming in are certainly driving conversion and interest. How do you see core as a percent of the business going forward given the solid receptivity to new categories? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So in terms of airfreight, yes, we've started to see it moderate. As I mentioned, we are starting to see higher on-time deliveries from our vendors as well as some shorter lead times. So we have amended the color that we provided on airfreight to be 10 basis points under last year for the full year. And then that compares to 30 basis points above that we previously guided to. 
 We still see airfreight as an opportunity over the longer term. It still sits 280 basis points above 2019. But we'll continue to see that moderate through the second half of the year, and the team is looking for opportunities wherever possible to be as efficient as fees well there. 
Calvin McDonald: And Dana, on the question around core, we have not seen a material shift in that nor does the strategy and the success of the strategy to suggest we should. If anything, as we continue to create depth and strength in our core, it could increase as a percentage of our overall business. And as I shared, we have opportunity within some of our core own activities such as run, train and yoga to keep developing core items. And the play activities that we launched across golf, tennis and hike are designed to and absolutely achieved in the results, the goal of using unique innovation to bring in awareness, interest, credibility into these activities, but to ultimately still drive core as much of our core and the versatility of the product can be used in those sweat activities. 
 And the strategy has worked in the first half of the year as we continue to innovate and lean in. So very niche and small number of SKUs, leveraging core, which holds at 45%. And as we expand opportunities in some of the core activities, I expect that number to hold, if not improve. 
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with Cowen & Company. 
John Kernan: Congrats on phenomenal results. Maybe if you go back to international, it's obviously a huge portion of your future growth when you quadruple that. Just curious what is enabling you to outperform all of your peers in China to such an extent in the most recent quarter? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. I think it's no different than the ability of us to put on market share and outperform the market -- in our most mature market being North America, where we are still early and have the opportunity to grow. We are early in brand awareness. The product led by innovation is resonating. 
 Our investment in our guest relationships, I shared a little bit about the sweat games and the number of guests that participate in that both physical as well as digitally, over 100,000 online with us. And the investment [indiscernible] exciting to keep seeing the success, share the tier cities. We're in now in Tier 1 and Tier 2 and Tier 3, all resonating, responding well. 
 So our D2C model is unique versus our peers and other brands in that market. It's rooted in relationships, building the community, which has how we built our business and great innovative product that is differentiated and unique in the marketplace. So it is our formula. It is resonating in that, and we have an incredible team led by [ San Yan ] leading it and across the stores and a very strong culture. So we're excited, but it really is the lululemon formula that's resonating and delivering the results. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. Meghan, on the gross margin, we're just trying to do a little bit of the math you gave us here in the second half. It looks like the overall gross margin range you're giving us for the back half is pretty close to what it was before. But I think you have about 60 basis points less airfreight pressure on a 1-year basis in the back half. Any callouts as to the offset there just so we can kind of track along with you on the build there? And then in the back half on airfreight pressure, how locked in are you in the guidance that you gave versus -- fixed versus variable that could change here given how much spot rates have been moving around lately? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So we guided to 10 basis points under last year in airfreight versus the 30 basis points higher than we experienced that we had shared on the last call. So we are starting to see both the impact of the early deliveries as well as the rates coming down, and the team continues to look for opportunities there. We will continue as the business expands to look at pulling forward investments that are part of our road map as we move to our next 5-year trajectory. 
 So we have improved our margin guide for the year from 100 to 150 basis points down year-over-year to 100 to 130. So continue to feel like we're moving in the right direction, and airfreight represents a big opportunity for us over the longer term, still 280 basis points above 2019 levels. 
Operator: The next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I guess, first on the SG&A. I think, Meghan, originally, you expected SG&A leverage in the fourth quarter. I heard you say flattish now. I'm just wondering if you're pulling forward or accelerating any investments? And then kind of a conjunct to that. I know at the Analyst Day, you had talked about a coordinated marketing campaign this fall. Is that still on tap? And can you give us kind of an idea of what we'll see when that launches? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of SG&A, we haven't previously provided Q4 guidance. We've got some timing, I would say, on investments. And again, as we look at our full year outlook, looking to pull forward some investments that are part of our road map as we look towards our next 5-year trajectory. So we are guiding now to 100 to 130 basis points of leverage for the full year versus our prior guide at 50 to 100. We -- yes. And then Calvin is going to chime in here on the marketing. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. On the marketing, there's a couple of exciting initiatives planned in the back half. One is around our launch of our 2-tier membership program shortly. And that is more of a North American focus, but we're excited to bring that to our guests. And Nikki was referencing, as we continue to look at ways of just bringing a coordinated global message, our approach to holiday this year in some key categories. 
 There's not a material change in spend, but we continue to find effective ways to deliver a strong, powerful product, community-led message around the globe. We're making gains on that. Helped in the first half, and we'll continue to do so in the second half and moving forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Tom Nikic with Wedbush. 
Tom Nikic: Meghan, I want to ask about the inventory growth. I know that there's kind of a lot of puts and takes here. And one of the things is increased transit times and things like that. When we kind of look at inventory, I guess, beyond the end of this year, like I mean, do you think that just structurally, you're going to carry more inventory on the balance sheet relative to the sales level? Or do you think when we kind of get beyond this year and things kind of normalize a little bit, maybe going forward, you would grow inventory at a slower rate relative to sales and you would see turnover improve? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Tom. Yes. So inventory this year, when you look at it on a 1-year basis includes higher usage of airfreight impacting our AUC as well as comparisons to out of stocks last year. And then as I mentioned, we're starting to experience earlier deliveries, both vendor readiness and then also lead times. So there is quite a bit of a dynamic nature when specifically looking on a 1-year basis, which is why we've been really focused on that 3-year unit CAGR. I do see opportunity over the longer term for us to manage inventory below at some point, our sales trend -- as some of these trends normalize. And then over the longer term, we aim to manage our inventory in line with sales. 
Operator: The next question is from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. I want to -- Meghan, I want to follow up on the last point. Just talking about receiving inventory sooner. Can you give us an idea of how long it's taking now to receive goods and sort of how long it was taking it to peak? And what would be normal going forward? What would be a normal amount of time to receive the goods? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. There's a couple of dynamics going on. One would be we are seeing vendor readiness metrics improve. So that's one impact. And then the other impact, I would say, is ocean lead times. So we typically have seen, and this is on average about 45 days. These have gone up to 90 days plus during the kind of peak disruption. We've seen them drop approximately to 70 days. So not back to where they were, but definitely improvement to what we've seen. So that, coupled with the earlier vendor readiness provides some opportunities for us to switch modes, which you see reflected in our guidance. 
Jay Sole: Got it. And if I can just maybe, Calvin, asked you one question about accessories. You mentioned the belt bag, and just the success overall of the company adding new categories. Can you just talk about accessories, what's the opportunity to continue to segment that category to offer price points in bags maybe above $200 versus kind of what you're offering now, which is sort of like lower price relative to a lot of the competition that's out there selling tool bags and backpacks and things like that? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No. We're excited about the opportunity in our accessories business and definitely have plans across a number of the categories. Everywhere belt bag is a lower price point item. We're seeing it being a great driver across existing guests as well as guest acquisition. I think accessories, in general, has played a role like that and could continue to play a stronger role. 
 The team has done a wonderful job in the last few years, bringing great innovation into the sock business, and we have a very strong growing innovative product line in the sock category. Bags, being one of the biggest opportunities, we are dropping and innovating incrementally in the pipeline for the foreseeable future is to continue to develop out that category where we all agree we can do even more and have a great opportunity across. 
 As you said, backpacks, we have a lot of on-the-move bags for sport, but also a variety of unmet needs that the teams are innovating into. So bags is definitely on our road map of product pipeline, building on the everywhere belt bag, but accessories in general is a great opportunity to keep growing, contributing and guest acquisition. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just looking at the reported sales numbers and comps, I think you got a spread of about 600 basis points, but your square footage is up around 19%. So just wanted to understand what accounts for the difference there, why there isn't a bigger between comps and total sales growth and maybe tie in how you're feeling about the new store performance as you're opening in some of these international markets. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. Yes, I'd say there's a nuance there and looking at it from an omni perspective with our -- the size of our e-commerce business. That said, what I'd share is we're really pleased with the productivity of both our existing store base. We've gotten above 2019 levels. We continue to see opportunity for further expansion over the longer term. 
 I'm really pleased with our new store expansion strategy. We did raise our guidance from 70 new stores to 75 for the full year with some exciting opportunity in front of us, both in our North America and international regions. So stores, I would say, remain a very important and productive part of our business model, including the operating margin, which we've seen get into the high 20s in the quarter. 
Operator: That's all that we have -- that's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-06-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.  
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.  
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.  
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the first quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I am pleased to be here today and share with you the highlights of our quarter 1 performance. It's been just over a month since I saw many of you in person at our recent Analyst Day presentation in New York. These are exciting times for lululemon as we embark upon our next 5-year growth plan, the Power of Three x2. Our teams are energized and deep in the work of the plan we shared. I look forward to providing you with updates on future earnings calls as we make progress on the key initiatives we laid out.  
 However, I'd like to spend our time today discussing the macro environment and the unique aspects of lululemon, which continue to contribute to our strong performance. As you saw in our press release, the momentum in our business continues and 2022 is off to an impressive start. Revenue in the first quarter increased 32% versus last year and 27% on a 3-year CAGR basis and adjusted earnings per share grew 28% and 26% on the same basis.  
 There are several notable metrics that underscore our performance this quarter. Starting with product, the guest response to our core and new merchandise remains very strong. Our product continues to drive demand, and we experienced robust traffic growth in both channels with stores and e-commerce up approximately 40%. And finally, we're in a strong inventory position relative to last year. While our levels are higher than our historical norms, we are comfortable with the quality and composition of our inventory. This allows us to balance the momentum we're seeing in the business with the challenges that remain within the global supply chain.  
 With that in mind, I'd like to spend a few minutes on China, given the current conditions related to COVID-19 and its impact on both our operations and supply chain. Consistent with many retailers in the region, we are seeing modest impacts of the COVID-19-related lockdowns on our stores and with some of our vendors. Throughout the first quarter and into the second quarter, we have seen up to 1/3 of our 71 stores closed for a period of time. As I'm sure you've seen, this week, stores are reopening in Beijing, and we are starting to see restrictions ease in Shanghai.  
 Even with the closures, our business remained solid in the first quarter, with revenue growing double digits versus last year and growing over 60% on a 3-year CAGR basis. In addition, our growth plans remain on track as the majority of our 40 international new store openings this year are planned for Mainland China.  
 From a sourcing perspective, when looking at finished goods for the upcoming fall season, Mainland China represents only 4% to 6% of our total unit volume. When we include trims and other components, the volume increases. Although the majority of our vendors are now up and running, we have experienced delays and expect some level of impact on future receipts. Our teams are closely monitoring the situation, staying in regular contact with our vendors and working to mitigate the current risks.  
 Having said all of this, we remain excited about our business in China, and we view the current situation as short term in nature. Our brand momentum remains strong, and we will continue to invest in the region, and we're excited about what the future holds for lululemon in this important market.  
 When looking at the global supply chain, overall, the environment remains challenging. Ocean lead times are not improving and air freight costs remain high. To address these issues, our team is carefully balancing our business momentum with time line uncertainties to help ensure we meet guest demand. This comes with a commensurate investment in air freight, which is important given we see satisfying guest demand as a priority. Our time lines allow us to pivot when we see trends change from air to ocean and all costs are included in our guidance. We will continue to carefully assess and manage.  
 Switching now to inflation. As we mentioned last quarter, we are seeing increased input costs on raw materials, labor and as I just spoke about, air freight. We continue to monitor the situation closely and are taking actions to mitigate the impact on our P&L. These include ongoing cost management, working with our vendor partners to identify additional efficiencies and pricing opportunities.  
 As I've shared previously, we are implementing some select price increases and have not seen any negative impact to our sales volume as a result. However, unlike many in the industry, we do not use promotional pricing as a lever to drive top line sales. Therefore, we are very intentional with our pricing strategies, and we monitor guest response accordingly. That said, I remain cautious around increasing prices in this period of uncertainty, and we will continue to monitor and maintain a measured approach toward this strategy.
 Given the times in which we are operating, I wanted to highlight for you the unique strengths of lululemon, which drive our performance quarter after quarter. We have many attributes that make our brand unique, create competitive advantages and lead to the ongoing momentum in our business. As I've shared before, the pandemic has contributed to a fundamental change in guest behaviors that provide us with compelling opportunities to grow. These include our guests wanting to live an active and healthy lifestyle and looking for additional support related to well-being and recovery, and as normalcy returns, their desire for versatile apparel has increased. 
 Plus, our D2C model provides a strong and direct connection to our guests with incredible insights across every touch point. And we have a very balanced approach to growth across channels, geographies, merchandise categories, gender and activities. And finally, our primary focus on technical athletic apparel creates demand for our product across seasons and mitigates the need for markdowns. All of this positions us for continued growth and we will continue to take a balanced and holistic view of our business. In fact, our business is in the early innings and all levers are contributing to our performance. This is unique, speaks to the strength of our brand and our opportunity to innovate, all while maintaining our momentum. 
 Finally, let's look further at our product innovation. We continue to leverage our Science of Feel development platform to solve for the unmet needs of athletes and to bring new technical features into our merchandise assortment. Our foundational principle is when you feel your best, you perform your best. We utilized the Science of Feel to bring a consistent flow of innovation to our assortment across a variety of activities. Our product pipeline remains very strong, and it's the bedrock of the business.  
 In quarter 1, we launched footwear, golf and tennis, all meeting with great guest response. With footwear, we leveraged 20-plus years of experience designing and developing technical apparel to bring a unique solve to the women's footwear space. Many in the industry design footwear for men and then adopt for women. We designed our shoe for women first.  
 We introduced our first shoe, Blissfeel, in March, and we were proud that it was named the best women's specific shoe in 2022 by Runner's World. The response has been enthusiastic. And since we were prudent with our inventory buys, we have seen out of stocks. Although we expect to be in a better inventory position in the coming weeks, demand has far exceeded our sales forecast. As a result, we do anticipate that we will be chasing into additional inventory for the remainder of the year.  
 Turning to our play activities. Golf and tennis both performed well this quarter. These collections are comprised of pieces from our core assortment as well as styles designed specifically for these activities. This strategy allows us to manage our assortment, grow share of wallet while also leveraging our core and driving sales. We are pleased with these results and will continue to lean into these strategies.  
 Looking ahead into quarter 2, we have several exciting product stories to tell. First is SenseKnit. To continue expanding our run apparel assortment, this week, we launched our newest fabric innovation. After 4 years of research and development, we have brought to market SenseKnit, a proprietary fabric that seamlessly engineers zones of support, breathability and mobility directly into the fabric. Based upon collaborative work with our ambassadors and athletes, we determined the sensation runners are looking with unrestricted lightweight support while also delivering the technical performance and endurance they expect from lululemon. And our SenseKnit collection provides this sensation in 9 styles for men and women.  
 Second is hike. To leverage the versatility of our core as we've done with golf and tennis, we're on track to launch hike in the coming weeks. This assortment will combine elements of our core assortment with new styles designed specifically for hiking. This is an unmet need we heard from our guests specifically as hiking has gained popularity during the pandemic.  
 Next is throwbacks. Our product team has been spending time in our archives to find the best of the best and re-release limited additions of some of our guests' favorite styles, including revamped versions of our Astro Pants, Shape Jacket and Inspire Crop.  
 And finally, footwear, as I mentioned, we are excited with the initial response. We just launched our second style, the Restfeel slide this week, and we remain on track to roll out our next 2 styles later this year, Chargefeel and Strongfeel. This is just the beginning for us within this category, which has considerable opportunity.  
 So in summary, our results and our guidance demonstrate the strength of our business and the momentum of our brand. This is enabled by our omni operating model, our product innovation and our balanced approach to growth. We have shown our ability to successfully manage through what's happening around us, and I am continually inspired by how our teams around the globe consistently deliver for our guests, for each other and for our stakeholders.  
 With that, I'll now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'll begin by saying how excited I was to host our recent Analyst Day and get to meet and speak with many of you in person. As we delivered early on our total 2023 revenue goals, we used Analyst Day to launch our growth plan for the next 5 years. Our new plan builds upon our proven Power of Three formula and calls for a doubling of total revenue from $6.25 billion in 2021 to $12.5 billion in 2026. Hence, we've appropriately named the new plan, Power of Three x2. Our teams are already executing against our new plan, and we're off to a solid start despite the ongoing headwinds in the macro environment.  
 So let me now share with you the details on our Q1 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our inventory and cash position. Please note that when comparing the financial metrics for Q1 2022 with Q1 2021, the adjusted operating results for Q1 2021 exclude approximately $8 million of MIRROR acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effect. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics.
 For Q1, total net revenue increased 32% to $1.613 billion, ahead of our guidance, driven by outperformance in North America. Comparable sales increased 29% with a 24% increase in stores and a 33% increase in digital. On a 3-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 27%, an acceleration from Q4. In our store channel, sales increased 36% on a 1-year basis and 13% on a 3-year CAGR basis. Productivity was above 2019 levels and continues to trend that way to date in Q2. On average, we had 98% of our stores open throughout Q1. We currently have 97% open with current closures related predominantly to the impact of COVID-19 in China.  
 Square footage increased 16% versus last year driven by the addition of 56 net new stores since Q1 of 2021. During the quarter, we opened 5 net new stores and completed 4 co-located optimizations. In our digital channel, revenues increased 51% on a 3-year CAGR basis and contributed $721 million of top line or 45% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 26% and within international, we saw a 37% increase, both on a 3-year CAGR basis. And by category, men's revenue increased 30% on a 3-year CAGR basis, women's increased 24% and accessories grew 43% on the same basis.  
 I'm also excited with what we're seeing in traffic across both channels. In stores, traffic increased over 40%, while at the same time, traffic to our e-commerce sites and apps globally increased nearly 40%. On a 3-year CAGR basis, traffic is up over 10% in stores and nearly 40% in e-commerce. This speaks to the strength of our omni operating model as we engage with our guests in ways most convenient to them.  
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $870 million or 53.9% of net revenue compared to 57.1% of net revenue in Q1 2021. Our gross margin decrease of 320 basis points relative to last year was driven by a 370 basis point decrease in product margin. Q1 product margin included an increase of approximately 340 basis points in air freight related to macro supply chain challenges, which was higher than our guidance of 300 basis points due to increased usage relative to our initial plans.  
 Markdowns were approximately flat with last year. Relative to 2019, markdowns decreased by 40 basis points. We also experienced 10 basis points of deleverage from foreign exchange. This was partially offset by 60 basis points of leverage on fixed costs, driven by occupancy and depreciation.  
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded and prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $608 million or 37.7% of net revenue compared to 40.5% of net revenue in Q1 2021. Leverage in the quarter versus Q1 2021 resulted from leverage in our store and digital channels, somewhat offset by increased investments in the corporate SG&A and depreciation. Operating income for the quarter was $260 million or 16.1% of net revenue compared to adjusted operating margin of 16.4% in Q1 2021 and inclusive of approximately 340 basis points of additional air freight expense.  
 Tax expense for the quarter was $70 million or 27% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 24.5% a year ago. The increase relative to last year is due primarily to a decrease in tax deductions related to stock-based compensation, and an accrual for withholding taxes on a portion of our fiscal 2022 Canadian earnings.  
 Net income for the quarter was $190 million or $1.48 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.16 in Q1 of 2021. Capital expenditures were $111 million for the quarter compared to $64 million in the first quarter last year. Q1 spend relates primarily to investments to support business growth, store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, and technology investments.  
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $649 million in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 74% versus last year and was $1.3 billion at the end of Q1. We continue to strategically use air freight to help mitigate industry-wide supply chain issues and support our top line momentum, with these higher costs having an impact on inventory when looked at on a dollar basis. We also believe that 2019 is the most relevant comparison point given supply chain challenges since the beginning of the pandemic.  
 On a 3-year CAGR basis, unit inventory increased 36% relative to 2019 at the end of Q1 and is well positioned relative to our Q2 2022 top line guidance of a 26% increase on a 3-year CAGR basis, again, comparing to 2019. It's important to mention that due to ocean transit times, our in-transit inventory is up relative to 2019 and is contributing approximately 5 percentage points to the 3-year unit CAGR of 36%.  
 I'd also mention that we likely have less guest demand on the table last year as we were under inventory due to supply chain issues. Hence, our product teams have taken this into account as they plan receipts for this year. We also continue to leverage our core assortment, which comprises approximately 45% of our inventory.  
 Looking forward, we expect to see the highest 1 year inventory growth rate of the year in Q2 on both a dollar and unit basis before levels begin to moderate in Q3. In Q2, inventory dollar growth relative to last year will be modestly above levels at the end of Q1. On a 3-year CAGR basis, unit growth will remain up approximately 36%.  
 In Q1, we repurchased approximately 700,000 shares at an average price of approximately $328. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $955 million remaining on our recently authorized $1 billion repurchase program.  
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q2 and the full year 2022. For Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.775 billion, representing 1 year growth of 21% to 22% and a 3-year CAGR of approximately 26%. We expect to open 20 net new company-operated stores in Q2. We expect gross margin in Q2 to be down approximately 200 basis points relative to Q2 of 2021. Our Q2 guidance includes an impact of approximately 150 basis points of pressure from air freight costs due to port congestion and capacity constraints. In Q2, we expect our SG&A rate to be relatively flat with Q2 2021.  
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $1.82 to $1.87 versus adjusted EPS of $1.65 a year ago. Our range of $1.82 to $1.87 excludes the $0.07 gain on a real estate sale we expect to realize in Q2. For the full year 2022, we now expect revenues to be in the range of $7.61 billion to $7.71 billion. This range assumes our e-commerce business grows in the high teens to low 20s relative to 2021. When looking at total revenue, our guidance implies a 3-year CAGR of 24% to 25%, which continues to be higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020 and higher than the target of approximately 15% growth we set forth in our new Power of Three x2 growth plan.  
 We continue to expect to open approximately 70 net new company-operated stores in 2022. Our new store openings in 2022 will include approximately 40 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low 20% range in total. For the full year, we are forecasting gross margin to decrease between 100 to 150 basis points versus 2021. The reduction relative to last year is driven by increased investment in our DC network and a strategic increase in content development costs for lululemon studio, MIRROR. The increased costs and gross margin will be offset by a reduction in digital marketing, which flows through SG&A. In addition, we now expect air freight to have a modest negative impact of approximately 30 basis points versus our prior expectation of flat.  
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We are forecasting leverage of 50 to 100 basis points versus 2021, driven by increased sales and the shift in lululemon studio, MIRROR, investments I just mentioned. And when looking at operating margin for the full year 2022, we now expect it to be approximately flat with last year, inclusive of the 30 basis points of incremental air freight expense I just mentioned. For the full year 2022, we now expect our effective tax rate to be 28% to 28.5%. For Q2, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 28.5%.  
 For the fiscal year 2022, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $9.35 to $9.50 versus adjusted EPS of $7.79 in 2021. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases and the gain on a real estate sale we expect to realize in Q2. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $600 million to $625 million for 2022. The increase versus 2021 reflects the increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects. Our range of $600 million to $625 million is approximately 8% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three x2 target of 7% to 9%.  
 Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. As you can see from our results, lululemon continues to deliver the kind of performance that sets us apart within the retail industry. Two weeks ago, we held our Annual Leadership Summit and brought together virtually about 2,000 of our leaders from around the globe. We detailed our Power of Three x2 growth plans and spoke to our culture at lululemon and to our purpose, which is to elevate human potential by helping people feel their best.  
 And the passion from every participant, the enthusiasm during every breakout was simply incredible. It reinforces my confidence in all that lies ahead for lululemon as we both navigate what uncertainty emerges and work toward delivering on our goals to double our business within the next 5 years. It's an honor to lead this incredible organization.  
 And now we'll take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And congrats on another really nice quarter. So Calvin, what I thought was striking about this quarter was the consistency, meaning across the 27% top line CAGR, you delivered strength across men's, women's, international and North America. So maybe could you help speak to the momentum of the brand versus maybe the expansion of the overall TAM, what you think is really driving it? Any comments on May to start the second quarter? And then just how best to think about your ability to chase upside demand relative to the inventory that you have? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. Well, I think it -- as you know, and you've heard me say before, we're in early innings of growth, and we continue to experience balanced growth across all of our levers, gender, activity, category, channel and markets. And Q1 was no different. And it plays to our product innovation, plays to where we are in the opportunity and penetration across all of those levers and how we still have room to grow women's while we're working to double our men's business, similar in our physical retail store footprint as we double digital and internationally with our momentum and growth in North America.  
 So it's the narrative that we've been sharing and working towards continues to play out. And as we look forward to future quarters into the future years and doubling our business, it's where we gain the confidence in our ability, knowing what we can continue to create and see that balance across all levers inside the organization. And when I do look forward in the product pipeline, I feel very good that we continue to bring innovation into our own categories of run, train and yoga. We saw a lot of success.  
 We just launched SenseKnit, as you might have seen in the last few days, which is a wonderful new innovation and fabric to help further our strength and run. And the launch of our play activities in the last quarter with the golf and tennis, one, achieved the goal of driving credibility in those activities as well as lifting the core. So I'm very excited about how product is resonating in the pipeline for new innovation and have a lot of confidence that we'll continue to see those growth opportunities as we move forward. 
Meghan Frank: And Matt, I'd just add to that in terms of May, I think we're pleased with the continued momentum in our business as reflected in our 26% 3-year CAGR guide for Q2. And then in terms of inventory relationship to the sales as the year progresses, we feel really comfortable with our inventory position as we move into Q2. The team has done a nice job pulling forward inventory to meet our demand. And we are guiding to 24% to 25% for the full year, a little bit more conservative in the second half, given we have more of a line of sight clearly to Q2 and some of the macro uncertainty in front of us. I feel well positioned overall. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats again. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I guess just first, with respect to the updated guidance. It's great to see the momentum. You raised the high end of the guidance both on sales and earnings kind of more than flowing through the Q1 upside with some -- even with some of the incremental macro headwinds that you and others are facing out there. So I was hoping you could just unpack that a bit more. I guess what has changed regarding the plan for the remainder of the year relative to a couple of months ago? And how do you feel about the various levers you have in the business? Should there be perhaps some incremental choppiness with kind of broader consumer demand? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So in terms of our guide for the second quarter, we obviously have line of sight to the second quarter at this point in time, 26% 3-year CAGR and then it's a little more conservative for the second half of the year, but feeling like our Q1 momentum is flowing into Q2, so comfortable flowing through some upside there. As I mentioned, we do have a little bit of incremental air freight pressure for the year, which we've reported in our guidance. And overall EPS raise also reflects some benefit from tax rate.  
 In terms of leverage, as we move throughout the year, as we've been employing over the last couple of years, we're running multiple scenarios to ensure we're able to meet guest demand as it comes and remaining flexible, pushing in on air freight, but also being flexible there and matching that with demand as well. So certainly using that muscle that we developed throughout the last couple of years in terms of how agile we are in meeting our guest demand. 
Mark Altschwager: And I apologize if I missed this, but could you give us just a little bit more perspective on kind of China, what you're seeing quarter-to-date? I know it's just kind of a mid-ish single-digit percent of your sales, but with the store closures you mentioned, I guess, where is that tracking and what is incorporated in your guidance in terms having -- getting those trends back to full productivity? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. In terms of China, we have approximately 20% of our close -- of our stores closed currently. So 15 out of 71, primarily in Shanghai and Beijing. We've taken that into account in our guidance. We did have 8 of our 10 stores in Beijing reopen this week, and we're also seeing restrictions begin to ease in Shanghai. And the overall impact of that revenue in Q1 was more than made up by strength in other regions. And we're seeing, I would say, overall, the situation improve there. Also keeping a close eye, I would say, on sourcing. A small percentage of our total unit volume comes out of China, but continue to monitor closely there. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just on the inventory, Calvin, Meghan, can you maybe just talk a little bit more on -- are there pockets where -- of categories where you feel like you have a little bit too much? Is it broad-based? Like I'm looking at men's, women's, some of the ancillary newer categories, just is there any area where there's a little bit more than others? And then does this change any of your thought on potential markdown cadence into 2Q and the rest of the year? I know -- and I think, Meghan, you said markdowns were flat in Q1, but kind of curious what your thinking is rest of the year. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Ike. So in terms of inventory, I'd say we feel well positioned. If anything, there might be some pockets of inventory where we wish we had a little bit more just given the dynamic nature of the environment and certainly have been where possible pushing into core inventory, which is about 45% of our assortment and doesn't come with attached markdown liability.
 As I mentioned, Q1, so markdowns were relatively flat year-over-year and then 40 basis points down to 2019. We don't -- we feel confident in our top line trend going into Q2 at a 26% 3-year CAGR and well aligned with our inventory growth when adjusting for the in-transit piece on a unit basis and have no plans to change the markdown cadence of our business as we look throughout the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. This is Alex Straton on for Kimberly Greenberger. I just wanted to ask a quick question. There's all this chatter in the market and some signs we're seeing a slowdown, at least on the lower end consumer. But your results don't suggest there's any weakness across your customer base. So maybe could you talk to if you see any signs of weakness across in certain regions or in certain customer demographics? And can you also just remind us of what the average kind of household income is of a lulu customer? 
Calvin McDonald: Alex, it's Calvin. In terms of the question on health of guest and how we're seeing their spending behavior, I think I got part of my answer out, so I'm going to take it from the beginning. We feel very good about the health of our guests. New guest acquisition has been very strong, current guest spending has been strong, both contributing to the momentum and the growth of the company. We shared with you our traffic numbers, both in-store and online, very healthy. 
 Again, another good indicator of a very engaged guest. We did not experience any real benefit from the stimulus checks last year. And hence, we did not see any material impact as we cycled over that earlier this spring. So as we look forward, we continue to monitor the macroeconomic conditions, but Q1, beginning Q2, see very healthy guest metrics and remain optimistic how our guest is engaging in this category, the versatility of this product and where it prioritizes in their spend and their needs for every day. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to focus on gross margin for a minute. It looks like the 2Q guidance is a little better and full year a little worse, so maybe you could go through some of the moving parts there? And then I was wondering if you could offer some insight on how much of these air freight pressures you expect to recoup in both the fourth quarter and then throughout 2023? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, so in terms of gross margin, we're guiding to 200 basis points of pressure in Q2 and then approximately 100 to 150 basis point decline for the full year. The second quarter does include 150 basis points of air freight pressure year-over-year. And then we also have increased our outlook for the year in terms of air freight pressure to 30 basis points. We previously had that as flat. When we look at -- just I would note the operating margin for the full year, it's modestly under 2019, even inclusive of a 300 basis point impact from air freight pressure. 
 So as you say, I think we see that moderating over the long term and certainly see opportunity to recoup that. But at this point in time, I think the supply chain pressures will be with us for the balance of 2022. We'll continue to keep you updated and obviously closely monitoring the environment, and the team continues to balance those decisions, as Calvin mentioned, with our revenue momentum. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I'd like to get your perspective on how you're thinking about consumer wallet share shifts between categories and how consumers are dressing now versus they may have dressed last year. How are you looking to ensure that the brand remains agile as these consumer preferences shift into a potentially living-with-COVID world? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. I think the most important factor is core to our product assortment is versatile performance apparel where, although used at times for versatility around the house, our gear is designed for activity-based use. And that we saw an uptick through the pandemic. It has continued as that behavior of activity, outdoor sweats, lifestyle has continued. So that is the essence of the brand and what drives our innovation through our key categories of yoga, run and train as well as our play activities. And that continues as strong now as it was through the pandemic. 
 And with the innovation we have in the pipeline and what I shared and what we've seen through Q1 into Q2, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to grow the assortments in our sales as a result of that. In men's, we have a very strong OTM business, which starts to factor into that lifestyle between to and from the studio. And we're excited about the opportunity to grow that within our women's assortment. 
 But we're seeing strong performance in those categories as well as they do play to trends that have happened in general of how people are choosing versatile functional apparel for every day. But I think the core is we are a performance-based athletic brand. We are supporting our guests in their sweat activities and that is driving the momentum and growth of the business during the pandemic and post and continues to be the biggest fuel of our momentum. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Guys, can you give us an update on what you're seeing on your average unit costs for the second half and also into the first half of '23. And I'm curious, Calvin, I think you mentioned some cautiousness about passing through higher prices. Curious to how much you're willing to absorb versus what you might look to pass through to customers. And then second question, I think you mentioned 60 basis points of leverage on occupancy this quarter. Just curious what your comp leverage point is on the occupancy line at this point? 
Meghan Frank: Paul, so in terms of AUC, if I put air freight aside, we're seeing modest increases in raw material prices. So no material change in our underlying AUC and continue to closely monitor those impacts, closely working with our suppliers and as we look into 2023. In terms of pricing, we're taking modest price increases on about 10% of our assortment. As we said before, we strategically look at prices in terms of quality and make of our goods and the competitive landscape, and we'll continue to use that as a strategy as we move forward. 
 In terms of occupancy, I think overall, our top line trend, obviously, very strong at the 27% 3-year sales CAGR. And leveraging occupancy to a large degree, given our outperformance on top line as well as the strength of our e-commerce business. We haven't broken out the leverage point, but continue to see opportunity on that line item as we move throughout 2022. 
Paul Lejuez: And just one quick follow-up. Could you just remind me what percent of your raw materials are petroleum-based, somehow tied to the oil -- price of oil? 
Meghan Frank: We haven't quite broken that out, but I can follow up with some additional information. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Just one quick housekeeping. Meghan, I think you said, to Lorraine's question earlier, I think air freight in first quarter was 340 basis points of pressure, 150 basis points of pressure in 2Q. To get to the 30 basis points of pressure for the year, you're baking in positive leverage in the second half. And I know the comparison as you started paying for air freight last year helps. I just want to make sure I heard that because it sounded like to Lorraine you were saying maybe it would take quite some time to get back some of the air cost -- air freight costs. 
 And then, Calvin, I guess, bigger picture, one thing that jumps out here is the e-commerce business actually accelerating versus the prior quarter on a 3-year basis. I can't say we've seen that dynamic with other brands. There's been a pretty pronounced trend of e-commerce slowing as consumers go back to stores. Aside from just good old-fashioned execution, anything to point out specific in that channel that you think is helping you guys kind of go the other direction of the industry? 
Meghan Frank: Michael, I'll take the first part of that question. So in terms of air freight, we are up against some increases last year as we move into the second half of the year. So expect the air freight impact to be a leverage point in Q4 when we look on a 1-year basis. But I would say in terms of how we're looking at the future, I think coming off of the full year air freight, I think too early to say on '23 how we see that moderating, but do expect to have a leverage point as we lap the high water line in Q4 of last year. 
Calvin McDonald: And on our online performance, I think it's a number of factors. As you said, the growth continues to be very strong, cycling over some very large numbers. I'll start by just talking about our store performance and the productivity in our stores were above 2019 levels. So the benefit is the success in e-commerce is incremental and not coming at the expense of our store productivity numbers. And we are seeing our stores perform back to and above where they were in 2019 as guests continue to come in. And as I mentioned, traffic in both stores and online were very healthy and continue to be very strong moving forward. 
 Specifically online, I think there are a couple of factors. One, as you know, we pulled forward some investments. That was a combination of foundational as well as guest experience initiatives, both in how we merchandise some of our shops. The team has done a lot of good work around just basic efficiency, on checkout efficiency, reducing friction, a lot of the guest-facing initiatives like the online concierge and educator. 
 And it boils down to also product. We saw a very strong engagement on our footwear category through our online channel. Newness around golf and tennis traditionally performs very well in the channel. And we've spent a lot of time in building an omni guest relationship. And I think they are shopping both store and online and when online, they're really diving into the newness early, quickly to ensure they secure it, yet still engaging in our store channel. 
 So it's a combination of a lot of initiatives that we've been building, the team has been utilizing and product is definitely the primary or one of the key drivers of it. But it's boiling down to that behavior and that omni-guest relationship that we've been nurturing and building for the last few years. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Let me add my congratulations. Product looks fantastic. Calvin, I was wondering if you could share your insights on what have you learned from the capsule launches in tennis, golf and footwear? They were obviously stocked out very early. You're waiting for some replenishment there. So how have these launches informed you about the next iteration for footwear and other new categories like hike? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Adrienne. A couple of things, and I'll start with footwear and then I'll move into some of the play capsules that we launched. With footwear, as we've shared, it's a test-and-learn category for us. We're excited about it. We think it's an exciting opportunity for the brand moving forward, and we're going to take a test-and-learn approach, which meant we sort of went in knowing that demand would be in excess of supply and it far exceeded our expectations. 
 And we definitely had a lot more demand than we anticipated. Encouraging, but definitely impacted supply quicker than we would have wanted in an ideal scenario, but it all points to an incredible product that was well received both in the industry and with the guest. And the team is focused on learning and adapting. What's challenged that a little bit is the global supply chain challenges, and we're not going to pay to fly in footwear. So we're going to build the category and we're going to learn as we go. 
 But we'll be back in stock on Blissfeel this month. But we expect that we'll be going through these periods as we have some incredible colors coming that we expect the guests will resonate with. We have our slides in both men's and women's that dropped this week, and we've already seen a very positive response to that. And then Chargefeel and Strongfeel will launch later this summer and fall. So we're excited about how the guest is responding and the teams are learning, and I think it's a very positive indication of our ability and the elasticity of our brand to extend into categories, really offer a head-to-toe solution and when we deliver on unmet needs. 
 And golf and tennis really fit into that where we design a small percentage of products that are designed specifically for those activities. And then we also leverage our core assortment to drive versatile opportunity and solutions as well as activities, and both performed incredibly well, as you indicated. I mean having Leylah Fernandez as our ambassador on our tennis has been fantastic. And leveraging golf during both the Masters and the PGA Championships in the future is a wonderful opportunity to put a spotlight on our product and our assortment, and in hike. 
 So team's learning. It's one of those indications where I think Meghan said we wish we had more, but it's delivering both sales in those products and lifting our core, which is the strategy, and it's resonating, and it's working well in both guest acquisition and expanding share of wallet with our existing guests. So we're excited about how the guests responded and with newness happening in this quarter and the rest of the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Excellent. Congrats on a great quarter and momentum. Maybe I wanted to go back to the supply chain and Paul's average unit cost question. I guess where are there offsets for you in what's a rising supply chain cost environment? Obviously, some of the air freight will come down in the back half. Your markdown rates are very low, and you've got pricing power. But where are the areas to offset within the supply chain and what looks like an inflationary environment into 2023? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I'd say there, to date, we've seen modest increases in terms of raw material prices. And we have started taking some price increases in Q1, as I said, modest and will be less than 10% of our assortment. We haven't seen any price resistance to date. And we'll continue to have a few actions as we roll throughout the year there. So we'll continue to look at that as a lever.
 I think when we look at our operating margin overall, we are modestly for the year under 2019, even with that 300 basis point pressure of air freight. So I feel as that environment moderates, we should have some opportunity in front of us in terms of recouping the air freight pressure. And we continue to look across our business in terms of opportunities to deliver on our 5-year average target of modest operating margin expansion, obviously, navigating those near-term challenges with air freight and ensuring importantly that we continue to drive the momentum in our business through key investments as well. 
John Kernan: Understood. Maybe one quick follow-up on inventory. As we all look at inventory balances across the sector, some of your peers in the competitive set, inventory dollars and units are up pretty meaningfully at this point. I guess, just the confidence in the ability to maintain full price sell-through, confidence in the competitive sets, ability to maintain full price sell-through as we go into Q3, Q4 and what's going to be much higher inventory levels throughout the sector into the holiday. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I think when we look at our inventory on a 1-year basis, the rate -- the growth rate includes air freight impacts and then also higher in-transit with those longer ocean durations. And then also, we're comparing to periods of being under inventory last year. So that would have been relevant for Q1 of 2021. We feel the most relevant way to look at inventory as we navigate these supply chain disruptions and the comparisons to the pandemic period is to look at the 3-year unit CAGR. And that is really consistent with how we're looking at planning our business.
 So that 3-year unit CAGR for us at the end of Q1 was up 36%, 5 points impact included in that for longer in-transit time. So adjusting for that 31% unit increase, we think, is well aligned with our top line momentum. So when we look at that 3-year revenue CAGR, it's 27% in Q1 and then 26% in terms of our Q2 guide. And then I'd say, still really pleased with full price momentum. Our markdowns in Q1 were relatively flat year-over-year, still 40 basis points below 2019. 
 So really looking at leveraging also the core and nonseasonal nature of our business, which is about 45% of our assortment as well. We tend to have low markdowns overall and don't see a change to that posture as we move throughout the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to dive in a little bit deeper in China. I know it's still a relatively small piece of the pie for you guys, but a huge part of the long-term growth algorithm. Putting aside the current kind of COVID lockdowns and things going on there, maybe talk about what's changed for the brand in China? That's been, I think, well over 10 years in the Greater China market at least. There seems to be some sort of inflection going on. Maybe dive in deeper what's going on with that brand and that consumer in that market through the premium and athleisure and athletic wear market. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Omar. I think we've shared that even with the challenges that you alluded to, our year-over-year growth was still double digit in China and our 3-year CAGR is 60%. So there's definitely strong momentum behind the brand and very excited about the rest of this year and moving forward. These are short-term operational challenges. We've lived this in North America and other markets. We continue to support our teams as we did around the globe in these markets through pay protection, investing in the culture and that's important because that to me is one of the big pillars that's driving the success of the brand. 
 We have incredibly engaged educators and talent at our SSC in Shanghai. We're investing in people and talent. We're investing in relationships with the community and our ambassador community within that market. And the product, like it is in other regions, is resonating. It's uniquely positioned. It's differentiated as a premium product. 
 When you get a chance to go to the market, you'll see we're positioned differently in malls. We're positioned differently in terms of how the guest is interacting with the product. And similar to other markets, the same activity strategy is working. The innovation is working. The dual gender is working. So we definitely are excited about -- do agree there's been an inflection in the brand that's been building for the last few years. And this is just a short-term operational challenge that many of us are faced with, but the health of the brand is very strong and bodes well for our future growth plans. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Nikic with Wedbush Securities. 
Tom Nikic: It sounds like you're pretty happy with some of the new categories you've entered, footwear, the golf and tennis capsules, et cetera, and you got kind of more coming down the pipe. Is there any concern on your part about kind of selling too much stuff at your customer in a short period of time, adding footwear and some of these new categories and hike and new fabrication, et cetera? How do you kind of make sure that the storytelling is there and the experience is there to help the customer kind of navigate through all these new product offerings that you're getting on? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Tom. Focusing on storytelling and bringing the guests along with our product innovation journey is definitely a key focus of Nikki and the team, both the merchants, how we tell the story online and how we tell it through the brand, through our relationships that we build with our ambassadors. So it is absolutely a key focus. 
 I'm not worried for a few reasons. One, it is minimal in SKU proliferation, which is designed and deliberate because we know we have highly productive stores, versatile product and we want to continue that. It is a big differentiator of our brand versus most others in this space. And we selectively target a small number of innovative products designed for these activities as a means to grow the overall core. 
 So in many cases, it's how our guests are already sweating and using our product. We are just putting a brand story on it with a small number of design for products that validates, brings credibility already to the product and lifts it. Second, we focused on categories because we know it's how our guests sweat in our product, and it is their primary and secondary go-to activities. So we are delivering them innovative products that through our approach, Science of Feel and unmet needs in the activities that they are sweating and we're just extending the relationship for a brand that they have affinity and trust and confidence in, in delivering products that satisfies how they're choosing to sweat. 
 So we're not stepping outside of the relationship we already have with guests. We are not stepping outside of how they're already sweating in our product, and we're designing specifically into that and leveraging our overall core. And then finally, what I'd say is the immediate response to all this incremental key activities or categories or items, be it footwear, tennis and golf were incredibly strong, which to me just validates the need, the immediate response and reaction, and I'm excited, encouraged with hiking. 
 We know when we bring innovative product that delivers on an unmet need that's focused on these core activities that are the strength of the relationship that he and she has with the brand, it resonates. And I think the results -- well, I know the results validated that. It's a strategy we're going to continue to roll out in the coming quarters. 
Tom Nikic: Sounds good. And I love seeing J.R. Smith as one of your golf ambassadors. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you. 
Operator: That's all the time that we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-03-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. In addition, comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under our Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour, so please limit yourself to 1 question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed. And now I would like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. It's my pleasure to welcome everyone to our earnings conference call. 
 The fourth quarter was a strong finish to a strong year. Once again, we delivered revenue growth in excess of our Power of Three targets, and we grew adjusted earnings per share of 31% compared to last year and 22% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Looking at our full year results, I'm particularly proud that we crossed the $6 billion in annual revenue milestone, and we accomplished this despite the ongoing challenges in the macro environment. And we have seen our momentum continue and accelerate as we enter the first quarter.
 Our guidance calls for 24% to 26% top line growth and 19% to 23% adjusted EPS growth in quarter 1. For 2022 overall, we are also guiding to another strong year for the company, and I'm optimistic about our performance and opportunities going forward as we continue to build upon our unique strengths and bring technical innovation to our guests. I'm pleased to walk you through the key highlights of our fourth quarter and annual performance on today's call. And I look forward to speaking with you again in a few weeks when we host our Analyst Day, where we will share our vision and outlook for the next 5 years.
 But before I begin, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the horrific situation in Ukraine and the humanitarian crisis that is unfolding. While we do not operate in Ukraine, we have made a donation to the relief efforts and are also supporting our employees who have family and friends in the region. In addition, as we look around the world, we continue to closely monitor our markets that are experiencing the surging impacts of COVID-19. As we have done throughout the pandemic, we will prioritize the health and safety of our people and the communities we serve and the decisions that we make.
 Now turning to our results. The fourth quarter capped off another impressive year of growth for us, demonstrating the sustained momentum in the business. I want to thank our teams across the entire organization who navigated the Omicron variant, successfully executed against our Power of Three growth plan and continue to deliver for our guests and all of our stakeholders. In the fourth quarter, revenue grew 23% versus last year and 23% on a 2-year CAGR basis. And for the full year, revenue grew 42% versus 2020 and 25% on a 2-year CAGR basis, an impressive performance by any benchmark with strength across our products, channels and geographies.
 Before discussing our results in more detail, I will touch on several topics, including the macro trends that continue to provide a tailwind for our business, the ongoing issues within the global supply chain and their impact on our inventory levels and pricing. lululemon continues to benefit from several consumer trends that uniquely position us in the marketplace. First, category strength as athletic apparel continues to outpace growth in overall apparel. Second, the growing significance of versatility, both while guests are engaging in their fitness routines and in their everyday lives. Third, the importance of both physical retail and the convenience of digital engagement, these speak particularly well to our operating model. And finally, the increasing focus on physical, mental and social well-being given everything that people are navigating across the globe. These trends have accelerated during the COVID-19 period, and we are well positioned to continue to grow our business in 2022 and beyond.
 Shifting to the supply chain. We continue to experience delays across our global network, particularly related to transporting our products via ocean freight. As a result, we continue to lean more heavily into air freight. However, I am pleased with how our teams have become increasingly adept at navigating these challenges. We have implemented several strategies to ensure we have the proper levels of inventory to fuel our top line growth. And as I've stated on prior calls, our core seasonless product makes up a meaningful percentage of our inventory, approximately 45%, which carries minimal markdown risk and positions us well to fulfill ongoing and future guest demand. Meghan will discuss our inventory levels in more detail shortly.
 When looking at pricing, we continue to be strategic. We plan to take some selective price increases over the course of the year on a small portion of our styles. Our pricing also factors in the value of our innovation, and we will continue to monitor the competitive environment to ensure we maintain our price position relative to our key peers.
 Let me share further highlights from quarter 4 and our overall results for 2021, starting with the fourth quarter. First, we generated total revenue of $2.1 billion. Despite the onset of the Omicron variant during the peak weeks of the holiday season, we delivered growth in excess of our Power of Three plan. Second, our e-commerce business remained strong, with comps up 16% on top of a strong 92% last year. This translates on a 2-year CAGR basis to an increase in e-commerce of 50%. Third, our adjusted earnings per share were $3.37, which is better than the guidance we provided in January. And as I mentioned, we are pleased with how our momentum accelerated into the first quarter, as indicated by our strong guidance range.
 For the full year 2021, we delivered on our financial commitments and also made notable headway on our impact agenda goals. Some key milestones include generating total revenue of $6.26 billion, delivering adjusted earnings per share of $7.79 and achieving our Power of Three targets early including exceeding our total revenue target, doubling our e-commerce business, doubling our men's business, and we are on track to quadruple our international business by the end of 2022.
 I'm pleased in our ability to deliver every 2023 goal ahead of schedule, which is particularly noteworthy given the effects of the global pandemic. This level of performance is only possible because of the agility and nimbleness of our teams who successfully navigated the macro environment, supported each other and found new ways to engage with our guests. I'm also proud of how we advanced our impact agenda in 2021 to drive meaningful positive change in the world.
 A few examples include launching our first reCommerce program, lululemon Like New and 2 test markets and introducing our limited edition Earth Dye Collection; partnering with and investing in Genomatica to create the first ever plant-based alternative to nylon, which will help us achieve our goals to make 100% of our products with sustainable materials and have end-of-life solutions by 2030; and establishing our lululemon Center for Social Impact to help break the barriers to well-being in local and global communities with a commitment to contribute $75 million by 2025. These are important milestones and represent only the beginning of what we will accomplish related to sustainability and well-being.
 Next, I will provide some additional details on our quarter 4 results and the foundational strengths that drive our business, fuel our success and give us a distinct competitive advantage. I will begin with product innovation. Our momentum remains on the upswing across all major categories, with women's revenue increasing 20%, men's growing 28% and accessories up 33%, all on a 2-year CAGR basis. In quarter 4, we continued to leverage the Science of Feel to fuel product newness and innovation, our guests responded well to our holiday merchandise assortment, and we saw a positive response to outerwear, second layers and technical shorts for both women and men.
 Looking forward, our product pipeline remains robust, and I'm excited for the innovations we are bringing to market in 2022. Some highlights include our multiyear partnership with the Canadian Olympic Committee and Canadian Paralympic Committee. I'm excited by the reaction to our product in the buzz this partnership created for our brand, notably both inside and outside of Canada.
 Partnering with Team Canada is a unique opportunity for us to build awareness for lululemon on the global stage and to support some of the world's most elite athletes. We are off to a great start. And I'm thrilled that this month, we launched our footwear collection, and we have received a very broad-based positive reaction to our unique women's first positioning. In development for more than 4 years and leveraging our 20-plus years of designing and creating performance gear for women, we revealed our first 3 styles of technical athletic shoes and 1 performance slide to the market.
 The first of our 4 styles, Blissfeel, began selling on March 22 in North America and Mainland China and the U.K. will launch shortly. The initial guest response to Blissfeel has dramatically exceeded our expectations, not to mention incredible reviews from a number of publications and guests, and we'll have more to share about our footwear at Analyst Day.
 Before moving on to our omni guest experience pillar, I want to highlight several additional innovations we have teed up in 2022. First, we will continue to lean into our franchise strategy, and you'll see us introduce new silhouettes into our popular Scuba and Define collections. Next, as guests begin to return to the office into more normalcy in their lives, we will continue to expand our on-the-move collection with new styles of tops and bottoms for men and women planned throughout the year.
 And finally, I'm very excited that we are advancing our play strategy as well with the launch of our first-ever design for tennis collection available in stores and online beginning this week and our first-ever design for golf collection, which will roll out next week. As you can see, we have ample opportunity to bring new technical solutions to our guests and I'm pleased with how our product pipeline looks going forward.
 Switching now to our store channel. Total revenue in quarter 4 increased 47% versus last year and 3% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Traffic increased 50% and operating profit expanded significantly versus last year. We were pleased to get off to a promising start during the recent holiday season and then like others, we experienced several consequences of the Omicron variants such as capacity constraints, limits on staff availability and reduced operating hours in some locations. Towards the middle of January, we began to see store traffic improve, and this trend has continued into the first quarter. This acceleration underpins our guidance, which is detailed in our press release, and Meghan will discuss shortly. 
 I'm excited by the energy I'm seeing in our stores. In fact, I was able to spend some time with our teams in New York earlier this month, and it was incredible to see our guests once again looking to connect with lululemon in real life and the excitement among our educators to welcome them back into our stores.
 Turning to our e-commerce business. We continue to successfully leverage our investments in our sites and apps over the last 2 years which enhanced the user experience and allowed us to serve even more guests where, when and how they want to shop. Looking forward, we will fuel ongoing growth in both traffic and conversion by continuing to make foundational investments across our digital platform. These will include enhancing our storytelling by adding more content and product comparison, improving inventory accuracy and continuing to make the guest checkout experience more seamless.
 Our omni operating model has served us well through the COVID-19 environment. We were an omni business long before the pandemic hit, and this enables us to continue raising our capabilities across channels to engage with our guests on their terms in new and compelling ways.
 Turning now to MIRROR. In quarter 4, MIRROR performed in line with our revised expectations and for the year, both revenue and dilution were consistent with the guidance we provided. We remain enthusiastic about MIRROR, the opportunities within hybrid fitness and our plans for the platform in 2022 and beyond. We will hold further discussion about MIRROR for our Analyst Day in a few weeks, and I'm excited to share more with you about the evolution of our business and how it will further help build loyalty and community at lululemon. 
 Before handing it over to Meghan, I'd like to spend a few minutes on our international business. While we saw similar impacts from COVID-19 across many of our international markets, our performance remained strong in quarter 4. It's also important to note that we remain in early days of our growth trajectory outside of North America. For the full year 2021, international revenue grew by more than 50% and still represents just 15% of the business, and our EMEA business turned profitable for the first time. 
 We continue to see how well the lululemon brand translates across borders and our plans in the coming year call for approximately 40 new stores opening across our international markets. In quarter 4, we saw a strong performance from every major region with each generating robust double-digit sales growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. In Mainland China, revenue increased more than 60% on a 2-year CAGR basis. After experiencing a slowdown in stores in December related to the COVID-19 variant, we saw an acceleration in January, fueled by our Lunar New Year activation. The Olympics also generated considerable excitement in the region, and we saw a significant lift in traffic that coincided with the games.
 And one other data point among many, in Australia, we have begun a store optimization program modeled after our successful approach in North America. Initial guest response to our remodeled stores has been strong, and the program is also helping drive new guest acquisition to our most mature international market. This shows the growth potential for lululemon in both our more mature and relatively new international markets.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. 
 We delivered solid performance in Q4 while navigating supply chain challenges and the impacts of COVID-19. And I'm encouraged that we've seen trends accelerate in Q1. We are positioned well for spring despite the challenges that continue to exist in the macro environment, and I'm excited about what's in store for lululemon in 2022. I'm also thrilled that I'll get the chance to see many of you in person at our Analyst Day next month. We have a new 5-year plan, and I'm looking forward to sharing our updated long-term financial targets with you at that time. 
 Let me now share with you the details of our Q4 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our inventory and cash position. Please note that the adjusted financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR that exclude approximately $1.5 million of acquisition-related costs and their associated tax effect in Q4 2021 and $7.8 million of acquisition-related costs and their associated tax effect in Q4 2020. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q4, total net revenue increased 23% to $2.1 billion, in line with our guidance. Comparable sales increased 22% with a 32% increase in stores and a 16% increase in digital. On a 2-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 23%. In our store channel, sales increased 47% on a 1-year basis and 3% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Productivity was slightly below 2019 levels due to impacts from the Omicron variant, including increased capacity constraints, more -- limited staff availability and reduced operating hours in certain locations. On average, we had 99% of our stores opened throughout Q4. We currently have 97% open with current closures related to the impact of COVID-19 in China.
 Square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 53 net new stores since Q4 of 2020. During the quarter, we opened 22 net new stores. In our digital channel, revenues increased 50% on a 2-year CAGR basis and contributed $1 billion of top line or 49% of total revenue. Within North America, revenue increased 21% and within international, we saw a 41% increase, both on a 2-year CAGR basis.
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion or 58.1% of net revenue compared to 58.6% of net revenue in Q4 2020 and 58% of net revenue in Q4 2019. The deleverage relative to 2020 was driven by increased air freight expense. Our gross margin increase of 10 basis points relative to 2019 was driven by 120 basis points of leverage on occupancy, depreciation, product team and DC costs and 20 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange, which was partially offset by a 130 basis point decrease in product margin. Q4 product margin included an increase of approximately 530 basis points in air freight related to macro supply chain challenges, without which product margin would have increased versus 2019. I would also note that markdowns declined 110 basis points relative to 2019. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded and prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $642 million or 30.2% of net revenue compared to 31.5% of net revenue in Q4 2020 and 28.2% of net revenue in Q4 2019. The leverage in the quarter versus Q4 2020 resulted from leverage in our store channel, somewhat offset by increased investments in corporate SG&A. The deleverage relative to Q4 2019 is primarily related to the consolidation of MIRROR's results this year but not in 2019. 
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $592 million or 27.8% of net revenue compared to 26.9% of net revenue in Q4 2020 and 29.8% of net revenue in Q4 2019. Excluding MIRROR, lululemon-only operating margin increased modestly versus 2019, inclusive of the 530 basis point increase in air freight. Tax expense for the quarter was $156 million or 26.4% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 27.4% a year ago. The reduction relative to last year is primarily due to increased deductions for stock-based compensation and a reduction in adjustments upon the filing of certain tax returns. 
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $436 million or $3.37 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.58 in Q4 of 2020 and $2.28 in Q4 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $128 million for the quarter compared to $58 million in the fourth quarter last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, supply chain investment and technology spend to support our business growth.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with nearly $1.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 49% versus last year and was $966 million at the end of Q4. Our product teams continue to strategically use air freight to help mitigate industry-wide supply chain issues, with these higher costs having an impact on inventory when looked at on a dollar basis. We also believe that 2019 is the most relevant comparison point given supply chain challenges since the beginning of the pandemic.
 On a 2-year CAGR basis, unit inventory increased 29% relative to 2019 at the end of Q4 and is well positioned relative to our Q1 2022 top line guidance of a 25% to 26% increase on a 3-year CAGR basis. Again, comparing to 2019. Due to the supply chain issues that existed throughout 2021, we were in an under-inventory position for most of the year and likely could not fulfill all guest demand, which our product teams have taken into account as they have planned merchandise receipts for 2022. In addition, we continue to leverage our core assortment, which makes up approximately 45% of our total inventory.
 Looking forward and grounded in my prior comments, we expect inventory dollars to grow in excess of the 49% 1-year growth rate we experienced at the end of Q4 2021 until the end of the year when the growth rate will begin to moderate. However, when looking at units, we'd expect growth in line with the 29% CAGR at the end of Q4 versus our 3-year CAGR revenue guidance of 23% to 24%.
 In Q4, we repurchased approximately 844,000 shares at an average price of approximately $381. For the full year, we repurchased 2.2 million shares, returning $813 million to shareholders. By mid-March, we have completed our current authorization, and I'm pleased that our Board has authorized a new $1 billion program. This program is our largest individual authorization ever and speaks to the optimistic view of our future shared by our management team and our Board of Directors.
 Before discussing our guidance, I'd like to provide an update on MIRROR. As Calvin said, MIRROR performed in line with our expectations in Q4. For the year, revenue and dilution were also in line with our expectations. Looking at 2022, we expect MIRROR will generate revenue in excess of 2021 and dilution will improve. Beyond that, we'll have more to say regarding MIRROR at our Analyst Day, when we're excited to share with you our updated vision for the business.
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q1 and the full year 2022. For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $1.525 billion to $1.55 billion, representing a 1-year growth rate of 24% to 26% and a 3-year CAGR of 25% to 26%. We expect to open 5 to 10 net new company-operated stores in Q1. I'd also note that store productivity has trended modestly above 2019 levels to date in Q1. We expect gross margin in Q1 to be down 200 to 250 basis points relative to Q1 of 2021. Our Q1 guidance includes an impact of approximately 300 basis points of pressure from air freight costs due to port congestion and capacity constraints.
 In Q1, we expect SG&A leverage of approximately 200 to 250 basis points relative to 2021. Drivers of the leverage include reduced digital marketing costs at MIRROR and cost efficiencies in both our store and e-commerce channels. 
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $1.38 to $1.43 versus adjusted EPS of $1.16 a year ago. For the full year 2022, we expect revenue to be in the range of $7.49 billion to $7.615 billion. This range assumes our e-commerce business grows in the mid-teens relative to 2021. When looking at total revenue, our guidance implies a 3-year CAGR of 23% to 24%, which continues to be higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020.
 We expect to open approximately 70 net new company-operated stores in 2022. This is an increase relative to our recent annual opening cadence and reflects both the benefits and learnings from our pop-up strategy, which enables us to test and identify new markets where strong demand exists for our brand and informs our permanent store opening strategy and guests and insights derived from our digital business. Our new store openings in 2022 will include approximately 40 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low 20% range.
 For the full year, we are forecasting gross margin to decrease between 50 to 100 basis points versus 2021. The reduction relative to last year is driven by increased investment in our DC network and a strategic increase in product development cost for MIRROR. The increased MIRROR cost and gross margin will be offset by a reduction in digital marketing, which flows through SG&A.
 Turning to SG&A for the full year. We are forecasting leverage of 50 to 100 basis points versus 2021 driven by the increased sales and the shift in MIRROR investments I just mentioned. And when looking at operating margin for the full year 2022, we continue to expect modest expansion.
 I also wanted to provide some additional color for the quarters beyond Q1. When looking at revenue, we expect growth in the low 20s on a 3-year CAGR basis in quarters 2 through 4. In terms of gross margin, we are taking into account the dynamic nature of the global supply chain environment, our current thinking regarding air freight usage and the ramp in air freight usage we experienced last year. We currently expect gross margin to decline approximately 200 to 250 basis points versus last year in Q2, declined approximately 100 to 150 basis points versus last year in Q3 and then expand versus last year in Q4.
 In terms of SG&A, we'd expect it to be relatively flat with 2021 in quarters 2 and 3 and then leverage in Q4. For the full year 2022, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 29%. We expect our tax rate for 2022 to be higher than 2021 as we benefited from some higher tax deductions related to stock-based compensation in 2021. And in 2022, we are expecting to begin accruing for Canadian withholding taxes on earnings, which we aren't able to repatriate on a tax-free basis. For Q1, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 27.5%.
 For the fiscal year 2022, we expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $9.15 to $9.35 versus adjusted EPS of $7.79 in 2021. Our EPS guidance excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $600 million to $625 million for 2022. The increase versus 2021 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovation as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects. Notably, we are beginning a new multiyear project to increase our distribution capabilities to support our future volume and growth. And we are also ramping up our square footage growth relative to last year. A range of $600 million to $625 million is approximately 8% of revenue, in line with our current Power of Three target of 68%.
 Thank you. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. 
 As you can see from these results in the early start to 2022, this is an exciting time for lululemon as we build upon the momentum in the business and the across-the-board performance of our products, channels and markets. We look forward to sharing more with you during our Analyst Day, which will be held in person in New York and available through a live stream. We will go into more details on the strength of the brand and speak to our next 5-year growth plan. And the fact that we have achieved our current growth targets ahead of schedule bodes well for the opportunities ahead.
 In closing, I want to thank everyone across lululemon for continuing to consistently deliver at such a high level. I'm honored to work alongside each of you as we continue to deliver for our guests, shareholders and one another. 
 And with that, we are happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Congrats on the performance. I guess, Calvin, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the pricing initiatives that you mentioned. Could you just kind of talk us through timing, how you're kind of surgically looking there? And then how do you think about pricing into the footwear collection as well, that would be great. 
Calvin McDonald: Right. Thanks, Ike. I mean we continue to be strategic with our pricing strategy as we have been in the past. We are taking modest selective price increases over the course of the year. Some will go in place in Q2. And as we look forward, into additional quarters. As I mentioned, it's a very small portion of our styles that are impacted, about 10%. And this will help offset some of the pressure we're seeing on AUC. But we are constantly looking at multiple factors, such as the value of innovation, our range within our own product categories as well as in the marketplace and making sure that the performance of our apparel is always at a higher index than our pricing is relative to competitive options in the marketplace. So we are taking selective, but it's not a drastic move.
 And then from a pricing on footwear, we definitely as you saw with the introduction of Blissfeel opened in a competitive position. We will apply the same approach to our footwear as we have our entire lineup, meaning very little discounting. We priced it effectively based on the innovation. Immediate response has been incredible. So we feel well priced. I don't plan to take any additional actions on footwear this year, and we'll manage the category as we look forward with additional innovation as well as evolution of the category over the years ahead. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Calvin, I'd love to hear a little bit more about how you're contemplating the different levers of growth throughout the brand this year. How are you thinking about the contribution from the core product line relative to growth in new products, such as footwear, tennis, golf and OTM? 
Calvin McDonald: Sure. Thanks, Brooke. Majority of our growth will continue to come from core. As you've heard me say before, we're early innings of growth across all of our growth levers. That starts with product and that's core within men's. That's core within women's that includes, obviously, the strength in our bottoms business and our core activities that we've identified, Run, Yoga, Train and OTM, where we still have opportunity to keep innovating and developing and bringing new innovation to the guests.
 Then you factor in the growth potential across our channels, be it digital stores and then our regions. These are the drivers of the business, and it is rooted in core in the key categories and activities that we're known for. We're excited about not just the pipeline behind those and how we'll continue to expand, but our ability to reach and extend into new categories as we're pulled into them with our guests and what their sweat needs are. Very excited with the introduction of footwear, and we're taking a very disciplined long-term approach to building that category.
 And as you've heard me reference before, we have a number of play activities, which we know are the secondary sweat activities of our core loyal guests. Tennis, golf, hike are some of those. And we're excited to be able to bring, again, some innovation that delivers on unmet needs. Now in these activities, the versatility of our product is where we really play to our strength. There are a lot of golfers out there in ABC pants and ABC shorts, metal event shirts. 
 And we see a select opportunity to bring some very distinct innovation to that activity, in particular, builds credibility and it will lift both the activity, our credibility in the activity as well as the core versatile product that we have. So that's been the strategy, and we're just further down the development of it in this year and excited about the newness that we're going. But the majority of the growth is still coming from core where we have a significant opportunity to continue to bring innovation behind those key activities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: It's great to hear the momentum accelerating into the first quarter. So congrats. Calvin, I believe this is probably for you. Just wanted to get some more color on kind of the potential in the North American market. This is the most stores that you've opened in quite some years, 70, with 40 internationally. Just wondering, is there a new target for North America or maybe you'll give that to us in April? And should we expect this to be sort of the new steady state? And then Meghan, any metrics around those four-wall margins or in the size, I'm assuming is considerably larger than the average that you have in the opening. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Adrienne. There's no change in our store expansion strategy, and that includes both the addition of new stores, testing new markets and new opportunities through our seasonal store initiative as well as expanding existing stores where we go in. We validate the market through seasonal. We move to a permanent location. And as we grow the business, we look to expand it, all within a moderate range relative to others, but very much within the square footage that we know can continue to prove, deliver on the productivity numbers, the economics that we're looking for as well as show up and represent the brand in the way we want between men's, women's, in particular, and we're seeing great success in doing that.
 So we still see for that strategy, significant opportunity in North America. Predominantly driven by the U.S. with some select opportunity in Canada, but reinvesting in our fleet for the expansion, as I mentioned as well, is very much the balanced approach. And then on Analyst Day, we'll be able to share more over the next 5 years how we see. But we still have a lot of opportunity for growth in all markets, including North America, across stores as well as digital. 
Meghan Frank: And Adrienne, I'd add, we have very healthy four-wall margins north of 20% for our store fleet and feel really confident in these openings as well as strong productivity. And we're healthy levels with the store productivity reaching back to 2019 levels quarter-to-date. So feel optimistic about store performance as we move forward, an important part of our strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I was just hoping for an update on the international business, both Europe and Asia, where you stand profitability-wise and how you expect that to unfold in the coming years? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Lorraine, it's Meghan. We reached, as Calvin mentioned, profitability in Europe, which would put us profitable overall for international region. Still see opportunity with scale as we expand that business, and we'll share more on our international strategy in a few weeks on Analyst Day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan of Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on a phenomenal year and a great start to 2022. Looking forward to the Analyst Day. Meghan, did you give guidance for DTC in terms of the full year revenue guidance? I think I heard mid-teens? And if that's the case -- that does seem to imply that store productivity is now ramping above 2019 levels even as you open a lot of new stores internationally, and we're still not even fully out of a pandemic. So maybe if you could talk to DTC growth within guidance and store productivity within full year guidance and then what you're seeing from some of the newer stores that are coming online in terms of productivity? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, John. So we did share overall revenue growth of 20% to 22% on a 1-year basis. And within that, e-commerce growing in the mid-teens on an annual basis. And that would contemplate store productivity above 2019 levels, which we are seeing currently in Q1. I would say we continue to plan our business from an omni perspective and multiple channel scenarios to be able to meet the demand and where it comes to us and also navigating COVID-19 impacts were relevant. But that's our current outlook in terms of mid-teens growth for e-com and then stores above 2019 productivity. 
John Kernan: Got it. And then maybe one quick follow-up. The CapEx is stepping up a bit this year and obviously, stores growth is accelerating. But can you talk to other investments that might be going in the CapEx? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. It's really 2 key pieces. So the step-up in stores is one of them. And then we're also beginning a multiyear DC expansion strategy to support the long-term growth of our business. That capital range that we provided is 8% of sales, so in line with the 6% to 8% target that we provided on our last Analyst Day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on the continued momentum. So Calvin, maybe could you just speak to drivers of the recent top line acceleration that you cited in the business? Maybe touch on categories. What are you most excited about as we think about the core innovation pipeline and how that potentially sets up for the potential halo as room to these additional categories across the store? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matthew, and that's -- I'll try to share some of my excitement and make sure that I hold enough for us celebrating in a few weeks when we come together on Analyst Day. But clearly, we know that product fuels our business and our momentum, and it has and it will continue to. And we are early innings on that product development opportunity. And there has been no fundamental change in the strategy of the key categories of Run, Train, Yoga and OTM and some of the key play activities, as I mentioned.
 What has driven our momentum in the business is really the continual introduction of those activities, gaining credibility behind those activities as well as color and flow. We have continued to work through the logistical challenges, saw a greater disruption in the fourth quarter, although still very pleased with our results. And the team continues to get better. So flow is better, core solid and the new innovation in either franchise supporting activities or in the new innovation that I alluded to.
 Both men's and women's saw very strong double-digit growth. Every category within men's and women's, very strong outerwear second layer and technical shorts were some of the standout in fourth quarter. Obviously, COC, the Canadian Olympic Committee gear performed very well, introduction of footwear is off to a great start. These are small in relative terms, but we know our position to create brand awareness, consideration, drive loyalty with our existing guests and attract new guests and very encouraged with how well they're performing in those metrics as well.
 And then as I look forward into '22, we have some exciting additions to existing powerful franchises, scuba, our Define, OTM, as our guests go back to work. The team has been working and building that out. We see men's is -- we're more developed than OTM for him and the team has been working on building out the assortment for her in terms of the versatility functionality of our gear. It really is a completely open space and opportunity for us. And then some of the play categories that are fun.
 But more importantly, and I alluded to them before, is they build credibility in these activities and 80% of the assortment of these activities is our core product. So this is all geared and designed around remaining narrow and focused on assortment, driving consideration awareness and the key activities that we focused on and using both core and newness to drive that credibility and ultimately, the sales back to core. The formula is working and continues to build momentum, and we're excited, and we'll share a lot more on Analyst Day, but that gives you a little bit of flavor for the start of this year, at least until we get into the longer play. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Looking forward to the celebration in a few weeks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice results. As you think about new customer acquisition and new customer expansion. What are you seeing there? What do you see in digital versus stores? And any updates to your enhancements of how you're thinking to reintroduce the loyalty program and progress on re-commerce and what that can do to sales and margins? 
Meghan Frank: Dana, we saw growth across both new and existing guests in Q4. We've also experienced, as we've mentioned previously, more cross-shopping throughout the pandemic period, and we see higher value from our guests who come to us both on e-commerce and stores. So we continue to see that as an opportunity long term, and then I'll let Calvin take the loyalty question. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I'll quickly touch on both loyalty and reCommerce. Again, we'll probably sound, I apologize to the group, a bit of a broken record, but there are a lot of exciting initiatives that we've been testing and piloting and learning from and they play into our 5-year vision. And I do want to save for our time together in New York. But on loyalty, clearly, this brand has very strong loyalty with our guests. And uniquely and interestingly, it's been built the way we'd want it to through relationships, incredible product.
 We tested a loyalty program that extended that relationship into sweat and strengthened our position of community in our stores. And that led to our confidence around the MIRROR acquisition, which is really an opportunity for us to position it in that membership base as a means to drive loyalty and retention with the lululemon guests. And that's what we'll be sharing is the opportunity of further driving that through synergy and integration and we see a very unique and exciting proposition there. So more on loyalty to come.
 And then on reCommerce, we're excited with the test that we did this year. We were in 2 states, California and Texas. We had 80 stores participating. Basic program is gently used, guests can bring in product. They get a gift card on a predetermined dollar rate for the items they bring in. Those go to a third party. Those items, they get washed, they get posted. And we are very encouraged with what we're seeing in terms of not just existing gas bringing in sort of an incentive to clean out the closet and get some of those still very good and quality product into someone else's hands and see them redeem the gift cards, renew their wardrobe and then new guests being acquired through the pricing of the reCommerce product on our website.
 So we'll share more of our thinking moving forward. But the program is performing very well. It's meeting and exceeding in terms of its goal, which is getting at current guests to spend more, acquisition of new guests with a more approachable entry price point and supporting our planetary initiatives and offering end-of-life solutions for our guests and being leaders in those goals. So very encouraged more to share in a few weeks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. I guess just for coming up on the Analyst Day, I know the SG&A plan for 2023 was about $2 billion. In that, you're on about $6 billion to $6.3 billion of revenues. You did the revenue number this year you pointed out, which is nice to see. But the SG&A was about $2.2 billion, so a little higher than you thought on similar revenues. I know, Calvin, we've talked about this on a few other conference calls.
 But some of the big investment buckets in there and especially e-commerce, you had to pull forward to service all the demand you had in 2020. But did you -- I mean, are some of the investments that you were thinking about beyond '23 in the original framework? Have you already started those investments? And then I guess on international margins, you said -- oh sorry, international margins, I think at Analyst Day, last time you said international would quadruple. And then I think you said international margins had just broken even in 2018 and that international will be 10% to 15% of earnings by 2023.
 So a lot of margin expansion was baked in at that time. Maybe some of the comments today made it sound like you hit a lot of your domestic targets early, but maybe there's some room left as an opportunity on international. Maybe you could orient us on where the margins are in international where you see the opportunity? 
Meghan Frank: Michael, it's Meghan. So in terms of SG&A for 2022, so we are really pleased that we are guiding to operating margin that's just modestly under 2019, including the consolidation of MIRROR and then also inclusive of a 280 basis point impact from air freight pressure. We're really focused on optimizing that op margin expansion. And we have made some shifts in our investment profile, so investing more behind digital as we navigated the pandemic, which those expenses hit predominantly in SG&A. And then we pulled back to some degree on new store openings and renovations and saw that benefit within our gross margin.
 So confident in our investment profile and that sets us up for long-term sustainable growth, and we'll continue to take that approach going forward. And then in terms of international, we did guide to revenue quadrupling by 2023. So we, as Calvin mentioned, we'll reach that goal in 2022. And then our earnings are on track to what we expected. And overall, I would say our business has performed, overperformed in North America as well. So in terms of overall dollars have reached that goal and penetration may differ slightly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the strong year. So the initial revenue guidance this year is quite a bit ahead of the Power of Three growth targets. And I know we'll need to wait a few weeks here to hear the details on the new 5-year plan. But I'm wondering if we should read from the 2022 guidance that you're confident the business is in a place to sustain this higher level of growth that you've been delivering over the last few years and that you're planning for 2022? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So at this point in time, until we update in a few weeks, we are maintaining that commitment to the low teens growth rate. We are expecting higher growth this year. We've been talking about -- we thought we had some missed demand in 2021 as we navigated through some supply chain challenges. So feel comfortable with our guide, which is above expectations of 23% to 24% on a 3-year CAGR basis and really broad-based overperformance category, region and channel, and we'll share more work with you in a couple of weeks. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take 1 more question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Two quick ones. One, just curious if you can share how big you expect the footwear business to be in '22. And second, can you talk about real estate projects that you're planning for '22 beyond just the store openings that you mentioned? How many expansions, relocations, remodels and any data you can provide on the remodels that you've done? 
Meghan Frank: Paul, it's Meghan. So in terms of footwear, we're not putting a number on 2022 and we'll share more on how we're thinking about that business. It's a small portion. And again, just a test-and-learn category for us. In addition to the 70 new store openings, we are also planning on 35 co-located remodels, which is up from 22 in 2021. So that continues to be a strong strategy for us and allows us to expand our footprint and maximize our revenue opportunity where we have high sales per square foot and help to showcase a broader assortment of our women's and also men's product. 
Paul Lejuez: And then can you talk about the lift that you see when you do those remodels, both in aggregate, total volume and sales per square foot? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. We haven't broken out that specifically, but we do see -- we do target those optimizations in areas where the sales per square foot is above our average. And do expect to see a meaningful lift from a revenue perspective, adding on a more meaningful portion of our men's revenue. 
Operator: Thank you, that's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-12-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt change.
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly info graph. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. I'm excited to be here to discuss our results and share highlights of our performance at the start of the holiday season.
 Our momentum remained strong in the quarter, reflecting the continued growth potential for lululemon in both the near term and the long term. I'm especially pleased with how our leaders and teams continue to successfully execute against our Power of Three growth plan while we navigate the supply chain issues within the industry. Relative to last year, revenue grew 30% and on a 2-year CAGR basis, increased 26%.
 Our strength continues to be broad-based and balanced across every facet of our business, including channel, category, activity, gender and geography. Before discussing more details about quarter 3, I would like to share some highlights on the 3 topics: our performance over the recent Thanksgiving holiday, inventory levels and the current labor market.
 Starting with Thanksgiving, we were pleased with our performance over the holiday weekend. For the 5 days spanning Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday, both our digital and brick-and-mortar channels performed well. E-commerce delivered record-breaking days in several key metrics, including sales, traffic and conversion. And I'm excited to share that this year, Thanksgiving Day was our highest-volume e-commerce day ever. The investments we have made over the last several years are enabling the acceleration we're seeing in the digital business and contributing to the growth this year on top of last year's outsized performance. While we still have several large volume weeks ahead of us, it was great to see our guests respond well to our merchandise offering as we kicked off the holiday season.
 Shifting to our supply chain. We continue to face the same issues as much of the industry, including port slowdowns and increased costs associated with airfreight. In Vietnam, I am pleased to share that all of our factories have reopened and continued to ramp up their capacity. While the summer closures caused some delays, our total inventory at the end of Q3 was up 22%, slightly ahead of our most recent expectations of 15% to 20%.
 As you are aware, approximately 40% of our inventory is comprised of core seasonless product which helps us make our inventory management and flow decisions. This coupled with the well-established partnerships we have with our vendors is allowing us to mitigate many of the current supply chain risks. I'm extremely proud of how our teams have and continue to successfully navigate through this dynamic environment. While we're comfortable with both the quality and quantity of our inventory, I continue to believe that demand for our brand is outpacing supply, and our business could have been even stronger without the supply chain challenges.
 Turning to the labor market. We are well positioned this holiday to meet guest demand. As you know, the hiring environment has been very competitive this season, and I'm pleased that we have been able to hire more than 7,000 employees within our stores, DCs and guest education centers in the lead up to the holiday. Our strong employee offering, highlighted by our Pay Protection Program through COVID-19 and recent increases in minimum wage, has enabled us to perform well in the current environment.
 Let me now share some highlights from our Q3 results. First, our total revenue of $1.5 billion represents growth of 26% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Second, we continue to build on the strength in our store channel with productivity levels above what we achieved in 2019. Third, our e-commerce business comped up 21%, which on top of the 93% last year, translates into a 2-year CAGR of 54%. And finally, our adjusted earnings per share were $1.62 versus $0.96 in 2019, which was above expectations. This level of performance continues to demonstrate how lululemon is a brand positioned for consistent growth quarter after quarter.
 Next, I will provide some additional details on our results, starting with product innovation. Our momentum remains strong across all of our major categories, with women's revenue increasing 24%, men's growing 29% and accessories up 40%, all on a 2-year CAGR basis. We continue to leverage the Science of Feel to bring product newness and innovation to our guests.
 I'm particularly proud of our recently announced multiyear partnership with the Canadian Olympic Committee and Paralympic Committee. This is important to us in several ways. First, it allows us to showcase the lululemon brand and our technical expertise within apparel on the world stage. Next, it is a compelling platform that we can leverage to continue to grow our brand presence in Canada, our most mature market. And finally, it offers a new and exciting test and learn opportunity to increase our brand awareness and consideration with men, both inside and outside of Canada.
 Our product teams worked with athletes for 18 months and developed more than 30 styles to help each team member feel and perform their best during the games. As a Canadian and lifelong fan of the games, I want to share that all of us at lululemon are honored to play a role in helping to inspire and unite people through sport.
 Let me now move on to MIRROR. Our core lululemon business continues to be strong. Driving innovation and growth in our core remains our primary focus, and our results demonstrate the ongoing effectiveness of our initiatives. This success allows us to invest in new opportunities to enable future growth, and MIRROR is one of those examples. Our vision for MIRROR is to assist in building and extending our lululemon community and helping us drive both retention and spend. It's an evolution of our membership program to propel our core business at lululemon, for lululemon. We have only just begun our journey with MIRROR, and we will continue to roll out initiatives that deliver on this goal.
 As you know, 2021 has been a challenging year for digital fitness. And as I mentioned on our last earnings call, we have seen increasing pressures on CAC that are impacting the entire industry. One of the unique advantages we bring to the space is the many ways we can build brand awareness for MIRROR. As we unlock these synergies, we see a clear path to engage with the more than 10 million lululemon guests who live the sweat life.
 We will not chase growth at any cost. We simply don't need to, but we will invest to define our unique proposition and to bring MIRROR to market through our owned marketing channels. We demonstrated this with our recent launch in Canada and the introduction of our innovative connected weights, both of which are off to a great start. We can and will stand out in a crowded space and leverage all that's unique about lululemon.
 With this context, we are lowering our revenue guidance for MIRROR for the year to $125 million to $130 million. Given the seasonality of their business, which skews heavily to quarter 4, the timing of this revision is appropriate given the line of sight we have on its performance. Importantly, we are maintaining our dilution estimate of 3% to 5%.
 With this said, I'm pleased that we will have grown our subscribers by 40% year-over-year and will end 2021 with a meaningful subscription base to build upon. MIRROR represents less than 3% of our revenue this year. Although we do not require it to deliver our Power of Three goals, we see MIRROR as an opportunity to engage with our guests in new ways that we will continue to evolve and refine over time. We are still early in creating our vision of a loyalty community that captures the best of lululemon. This is not a sprint for us, and we will maintain a steady pace forward that realizes our vision.
 Switching now to our store channel. Total revenue increased 38% versus last year and 10% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Traffic increased over 50% versus last year. We're pleased with the start of the holiday season in stores, and our educators are thrilled to be engaging with the guests in person. We continue to leverage and enhance our in-store and omni capabilities, including enhancing our mobile app to facilitate curbside pickup for guests, make our in-store handheld units more intuitive for our educators to help speed guests through transactions and continue to offer our online digital educator service at no cost, providing a personal shopping experience for guests who can't make it into our stores.
 Turning to our e-commerce business. Sales trends remain robust with total digital comps up 21% in Q3. This result comes on top of the 93% increase in the same quarter last year. We continue to enhance the experience for our guests on our websites and apps, which is the direct result of the investments we have made over the last 18 months, and it is paying off for us.
 For example, when I was in stores over Thanksgiving weekend, each store was doing an impressive volume of orders through both BOPUS and BBR. This is enabled by the visibility we have to our inventory across our network which allows us to meet guest demand and exceed their expectations. It's a great example of how we are realizing our omni, vision and potential.
 Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we feel good about our ability to handle the increased volume of traffic based on the significant investments we've made over the last several years. In technology, IT infrastructure, our guest education center and DCs, all of which continue to produce results.
 Regarding our international business, we continue to be excited by the level of performance across each region, which shows how well our brand translates across borders and beyond North America. It's clear that there is a vast opportunity for lululemon as we expand further into EMEA, in China and in the Asia Pacific region.
 In Q3, we saw strength across every major region, with each generating strong double-digit sales growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. In China, our 2-year CAGR growth of more than 70% significantly outpaced the performance we saw overall in international as we continue to see compelling guest response to our merchandise assortment online and in our stores. Our team also continues to maintain a steady pace of new store openings in the market.
 And in Europe, our 2-year CAGR revenue growth of over 20% was driven by broad-based strength across most of our key markets coupled with an improving brick-and-mortar business in the United Kingdom following very prolonged COVID-19-related closures. We are on track to open 40 to 45 stores in our international regions this year and are excited by the significant runway for growth across our key markets outside of North America.
 Before handing it over to Meghan, who will provide additional details on our Q3 financials and our guidance outlook, I want to bring our inaugural Impact report to your attention. One year ago, we published our Impact Agenda, which details our vision and strategy to help transform our industry and create a healthier world. It is structured into 3 interconnected pillars, Be Human, Be Well and Be Planet, each with a set of specific goals and strategies.
 We will report annually on our progress towards these goals and I hope you will take the time to visit the Sustainability section of our website to learn more. We recognize that it will take continuous learning and sustained dedication to achieve our goals. We are firmly committed to accountability, transparency and doing the necessary work to help build a safer and healthier world.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin.
 Our business remained strong in Q3. The trend in stores continued to improve with productivity above 2019, while our e-commerce business continues to comp positively over the growth we experienced last year. I will share our guidance outlook with you in a few minutes, but I think it's important for our investors to know that we are raising our guidance for the year despite increasing airfreight costs and a more conservative view on revenue for MIRROR. This is a testament to the underlying strength of our core business and to our teams around the globe who enable this impressive performance.
 Let me now share with you the details of our Q3 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR, but exclude approximately $24 million of acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effect in Q3 2021, and $8.5 million of acquisition-related costs and their associated tax effect in Q3 2020. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics.
 For Q3, total net revenue increased 30% to $1.45 billion, above our expectations of $1.4 billion to $1.43 billion. This included a 28% increase in North America and a 40% increase in our international business. On a 2-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 26%. This was better than our expectation of a 24% to 25% 2-year CAGR growth and continues to outpace our 3-year CAGR of 19%, leading up to the pandemic.
 Within North America, revenue increased 23% and within international, we saw a 42% increase, both on a 2-year CAGR basis. In our digital channel, revenues increased 54% on a 2-year CAGR basis and contributed $587 million of top line or 40% of total revenue. In our store channel, sales increased 10% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Productivity in stores exceeded 2019 levels and continues the trend of improving productivity we've seen throughout the year. On average, we had 96% of our stores opened throughout Q3 and 99% opened at the end of the quarter. Square footage increased 11% versus last year, driven by the addition of 37 net new stores since Q3 of 2020. During the quarter, we opened 18 net new stores.
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $829 million or 57.2% of net revenue compared to 56.1% of net revenue in Q3 2020 and 55.1% of net revenue in Q3 2019. Our gross margin increase of 210 basis points relative to 2019 was driven by 230 basis points of leverage on occupancy, depreciation and product team costs and 30 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange, which was partially offset by a 50 basis point decrease in product margin. Excluding a 230 basis point increase in airfreight related to industry supply chain challenges, product margin would have increased versus 2019. I would also note that markdowns declined relative to 2019.
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $545 million or 37.6% of net revenue compared to 36.8% of net revenue in Q3 2020 and 35.9% of net revenue in Q3 2019. The deleverage in the quarter versus Q3 2020 resulted from increased investments in people and brand building to support our growth initiatives, coupled with deleverage on foreign exchange. The deleverage relative to Q3 2019 is primarily the result of consolidation of MIRROR's results this year but not in 2019, and modest deleverage on depreciation, amortization and foreign exchange.
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $282 million or 19.4% of net revenue compared to 19.1% of net revenue in Q3 2020 and 19.2% of net revenue in Q3 2019. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $71 million or 25.1% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.9% a year ago. The reduction relative to last year is due primarily to a reduction in nondeductible expenses in international jurisdictions, an increase in tax deductions related to stock-based compensation, and a reduction in adjustments upon the filing of certain tax returns.
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $211 million or $1.62 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.16 in Q3 of 2020 and $0.96 in Q3 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $122 million for the quarter compared to $66 million in the third quarter last year. Q3 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, supply chain investment and technology spend to support our business growth.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of total liquidity. We had approximately $1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 22% versus last year and was $944 million at the end of Q3. This is slightly higher than our expectations for a 15% to 20% increase, reflecting the efforts of our supply chain and product teams to mitigate industry-wide supply chain risk by prioritizing production to ensure key styles are produced first and strategically increasing our use of airfreight. At the end of Q4, we expect inventory levels to increase approximately 20% to 25% relative to Q4 of 2020.
 In Q3, we repurchased approximately 582,000 shares at an average price of $406. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $509 million of availability remaining on our current share repurchase authorization, which includes the recent $500 million increase our Board of Directors approved in early October.
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q4 and the full year 2021. While we're pleased with our performance over Thanksgiving, it's important to acknowledge that the macro environment remains uncertain, and we have several large volume weeks ahead of us. I'd also note that as the industry-wide supply chain issues have been well publicized, consumers may have started their holiday shopping earlier this year.
 To account for these variables, as we have done throughout the COVID period, we continue to plan the business for multiple scenarios. For Q4, we expect revenue in the range of $2.125 billion to $2.165 billion, representing a 2-year CAGR of 23% to 24%. We expect gross margin in Q4 to be flat with Q4 of 2019. Our Q4 guidance reflects an impact of approximately 450 basis points of pressure from airfreight costs due to poor congestion and capacity constraints. This represents an increase in airfreight expense relative to our prior guidance.
 In Q4, we expect SG&A deleverage of approximately 200 to 250 basis points relative to 2019. Drivers of the deleverage versus 2019 include consolidation of MIRROR's results this year but not in 2019 and higher depreciation due to accelerated investments to support our e-commerce business in 2020 and 2021.
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $3.25 to $3.32 versus adjusted EPS of $2.58 a year ago. This includes operating results from MIRROR but excludes acquisition and integration-related costs. As a reminder, we reported EPS of $2.28 in Q4 of 2019.
 For the full year 2021, we expect revenue to be in the range of $6.25 billion to $6.29 billion. This represents an increase from our prior guidance range of $6.19 billion to $6.26 billion and includes our more conservative view on MIRROR revenue for the year of approximately $125 million to $130 million. This range also assumes our e-commerce business grows in the mid-teens relative to the outsized strength we experienced in 2020. 
 When looking at total revenue, our guidance range implies a 2-year CAGR of approximately 25% to 26%, which is higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020 and is well ahead of the low teens CAGR contemplated in our Power of Three growth plan. We now expect to open 50 to 55 net new company-operated stores in 2021. This includes approximately 40 to 45 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the low teens.
 For the full year, we are forecasting gross margin to expand between 100 to 150 basis points compared to the modest increase we saw in 2020. The reduction relative to our prior guidance of an increase of 150 to 200 basis points is driven by an increase in airfreight expense to 200 to 250 basis points for the year. Despite the increase in airfreight expense year-over-year, we continue to anticipate gross margin expansion in excess of our Power of Three growth plan, which assumes modest gross margin expansion annually.
 When looking at SG&A for the full year, we are forecasting leverage of 50 to 100 basis points versus 2020. We now expect our adjusted effective tax rate for the year to be approximately 27%. For the fiscal year 2021, our revised range for adjusted diluted earnings per share is $7.69 to $7.76 versus our prior range of $7.38 to $7.48. Our EPS guidance continues to assume modest dilution from MIRROR in the 3% to 5% range, excluding acquisition and integration-related costs.
 Despite our more conservative view on MIRROR revenue, we are being prudent with our expenditures, particularly related to digital marketing and this is enabling us to maintain the dilution percentage in the range we've been guiding to all year. Our updated EPS range also excludes the impact of any future share repurchases.
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $375 million to $385 million for 2021. The increase versus 2020 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations including MIRROR shop-in-shops as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects.
 Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan.
 I am very pleased with the high-level performance of lululemon across every major metric in category, which allows us to deliver such a strong quarter. We have begun the fourth quarter with the inventory, staffing and strategies in place to enable us to finish 2021 in a position of strength as we expect to pass the $6 billion annual revenue level for the first time.
 The way we continue to grow and expand is a testament to the commitment and passion of the people of lululemon. I am particularly proud of our agility throughout this year and over the course of the pandemic and how the leadership team continues to build upon the momentum in the business.
 And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And great job navigating what's a tremendously difficult environment. Calvin, I wanted to start by talking about average initial retails, what you think the pricing power there is? And most of retail didn't really touch their initial retails in 2021, but they are going to start touching the like-for-likes in 2022. So just wondering kind of how you're thinking about that and lululemon relative to that pricing? Meghan, given that 40% is core in the ongoing supply chain issues, is there an increase in weeks of supply scheduled for spring of 2022 as a safety stock? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. On pricing, we have no plans to change our pricing strategy at this time. As you know, we lead with technical innovation and price our garments accordingly. We're always studying the marketplace and make pricing adjustments as necessary based on the competitive dynamics and opportunities that exist, but we have no plans to make a change heading into 2022. 
Meghan Frank: Adrienne, in terms of inventory, we do have an advantage in the proportion of our inventory that sits in core product. And while we aren't sharing details on our 2022 plans today, the team is actively looking at opportunities to capitalize on that core assortment and pull that forward where that makes sense for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another nice quarter. So Calvin, revenues year-to-date up 60% versus 2019, and you've mentioned demand exceeding supply now for the second straight quarter. Could you speak to new customer acquisition and drivers of the balance that you're seeing between stores and digital, which point in your view to sustainable strength of the brand? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. There are a number of the overall driving metrics that point to that. The obvious one is the challenge we've seen in inventory. And even though we've been able to achieve these results, product drops, some of the product innovation and the way in which the design team's intended our activities and our categories to be launched for the guest just haven't materialized pretty much the entire and we've been chasing into that. So we know there's an upside to being able to represent and present the product the way in which it was designed and intended to.
 That said, when we look at our new guest acquisition, it remains very strong as before the pandemic during and post. We continue to see new guests come into the brand. We continue to have success migrating those new guests up through different categories and their spend journey and the retention of our high-spending loyal lululemon guest remain incredibly strong.
 What we alluded to during the early pandemic when stores were closed was that we -- we're seeing more of our store only shift into omni. We are seeing our omni-guest spend more. And because we have such a strong position with digital, that enabled them to engage in the brand and do purchasing. And we know there were some store-only guests that could not have access or chose not to. Now that the stores are up and operating, we're very pleased with seeing them return back to the brand as we continue to grow.
 We referenced stores being great acquirer of men's. Now that they're up and you've seen our men's business has come back incredibly strong, and we see new guests through that and having our stores perform above our 2019 numbers while maintaining our digital is really a factor of all those inputs, predominantly new guests, migration of guests and retention of gas, all very healthy. And we know our product positioning is only going to get stronger, and the team did a wonderful job chasing it, but it wasn't our best -- it was a good foot and it was -- we had a bigger intention even behind what we were able to get out. 
Matthew Boss: That's great color. It's perfect lead into my second question on the product positioning. Could you elaborate on trends that you've seen so far in the fourth quarter? And given your inventory position, but then the proactive steps that you took to airfreight in product, what is your ability to chase demand if momentum exceeds plan? And to your point on product positioning, what do you wish you had more of or maybe changes that in an ideal world to meet that outsized demand? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, thank you. Overall, on product, there haven't been any dramatic shifts to the trends that we saw coming in. We've seen great growth across men's and women's, very balanced growth across categories, top, second layer, bottom, short skirts and into the men's sweat categories and across our activities. So again, and as I've mentioned before, our growth remains very balanced across men's, women's, across each category, across all the activities we've identified and are innovating into and across every region that we are doing business in and across our channels, be it stores and digital.
 What would I have wanted more of, there are some products that we are light on. Outerwear is a category that has performed incredibly well for us this season. And we didn't have the depth there that we would have wanted. Some of our second layer categories, OTM leading into the holiday have been delayed, some of our early fall receipts. But overall, because of our balance in inventory core, we've been able to and we have learned in. We've made sure through airfreight to have those goods.
 And they are our fuel and drivers, and they continue to be and we're in a good position, but there are definitely certain items in areas where we've seen the delay as a result of the shutdown, but we have more than enough balance and key growth across our entire portfolio that is able to keep fueling the results that we achieved. 
Meghan Frank: Matt, and I'd just add on there. We did with inventory up 22%, which was above our expectation of 15% to 20% growth and really reflective of the team's supply chain and product teams leveraging airfreight. We do make those decisions about 6 weeks out. Certainly don't have as much flexibility as a normal environment just with supply chain constraints, but it is something we're actively managing where we do have opportunity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, Meghan, I just wanted to dig into the airfreight dynamic a bit more. Is there any way you could possibly share with us based on spring orders, what kind of pressure you guys should expect or we should expect you guys to see in the first half of next year? And then I guess if you don't want to get too specific, I guess for the full year, you're saying 200 to 250 basis points of pressure. How much of that based on what you know today is reasonable for us to expect for you guys to kind of recapture in 2022? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Ike. I think a little soon to put a fine point on 2022, but we do expect that the supply chain pressures will be with us as we move into the first half of the year. That said, we think there'll be some puts and takes in our gross margin, and we are right now maintaining our commitment to modest margin expansion next year. Certainly, airfreight presents an opportunity over the long term, but there will be some normalization of historically high full-price sell-throughs and low markdowns as well as other investments in our business to maintain that modest margin expansion goal, and we'll share more in spring '22 on our next 5-year outlook. 
Irwin Boruchow: Meghan, is it fair to say that this should be the peak of the airfreight pressure in Q4? 
Meghan Frank: I believe so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So to start out, I mean, you sound very pleased with the start to the holiday season. Were there any changes to your approach to the Black Friday, Cyber Monday period this year versus prior years, especially in light of the supply chain disruption? And then relatedly, you've talked about how you may have left some sales on the table in the quarter given the inventory constraints, but you're also mindful of some potential pull-forward in sales that might be happening. So maybe just talk about your level of confidence of potentially building on the Q3 growth rates. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. In terms of our Thanksgiving shopping over Black Friday and Cyber Monday, there was really no change to our strategy and tactic. In that by, I mean, we didn't take further markdowns. We don't play promotionally, as you know. The teams definitely worked hard to get the stores and online in a good inventory position. To satisfy demand, we made sure that we were ready. We've been investing for months, quite frankly, going back to the beginning of the pandemic to get our digital channel ready to anticipate the sort of volume.
 And as I alluded to in my opening remarks, we had the largest volume day in the history of lululemon on Thursday, and the site performed incredibly well, as has our DCs and the full support. So there wasn't anything unique, there wasn't anything artificial to drive demand. Just all good work and hard work to get ready for the demand and getting our core product out there with traditional markdown activity. And we saw that the volume and we are anticipating a pull-forward.
 So we are continuing to monitor the weeks ahead. As Meghan mentioned, there are some big weeks ahead. We're pleased with our position. We're pleased coming out of November. We knew that we needed to have a strong start to the quarter, and we achieved that. And we're continuing to monitor and get ready for the coming weeks. 
Meghan Frank: And Mark, I'd just add in terms of Q3 growth in next year, I think the guest metrics and growth that Calvin was pointing to in both new and existing engagement give us confidence in our ability to continue to grow on top of this baseline as well as our international and North America omni expansion strategies. And again, we'll share more in spring '22 on our next 5-year outlook. 
Mark Altschwager: And just a quick follow-up on MIRROR, if I could. Can you just give us some perspective on how you're thinking about balancing the growth and profitability for the platform for 2022? I guess, would you expect it to be net dilutive to EPS next year? 
Meghan Frank: Sure. So in terms of MIRROR in 2022, we're not going to share specifics today, but I would offer that we -- the path to profitability is very much within our control. We'll remain prudent in our investments as we have been this year. And we do expect dilution to begin to decrease next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the competitive landscape in China for the lulu brand. Just are you seeing any change in dynamic between global brands versus national brands there? And then relatedly, any early reads on 11/11 in that market? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, Erinn. We haven't seen any notable change from our brand perspective in the China market. As you heard in my opening remarks in terms of the performance, we continue to be very pleased with the results, 2-year CAGR of 70%. We continue to invest in China, opening stores, invest in our headquarters in Shanghai and creating in-country roles and jobs to really help support that business. Continue to connect with the community, which is our unique way of working with. And we see a real opportunity to continue and to push for the sweat life and the healthy initiatives that exist within that market and feel we play a very unique role in doing that. So from our perspective, we're pleased and pleased with the investments we're making in the connection with the community. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. And I'd say in terms of 11/11, Erinn, generally in line with our expectations. We're not going to share specifics, but as Calvin mentioned, strong performance in China with approximately 70% to your CAGR in Q3, so we've been pleased. 
Erinn Murphy: Great. And then if I could just follow up on your footwear initiative. Is that still planned for next year? And how material are you thinking about the investment behind building that platform out? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Erinn. Yes, we're still on track for a spring '22 launch. And just as a reminder, and consistent with how we've shared it, it's a test and learn for us. We're excited about it, excited about the opportunity and our unique position. But it's not required in the Power of Three growth commitments that we've shared and therefore, are taking a growth approach to this new initiative. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just building on Erinn's question, can you give us an update on the margin performance of the international business? And how do you think about the path to parity with North America margins given the investments you're making there? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, thanks. We are profitable in our international business overall. We are still on the path to profitability in Europe. We had pushed out that date to '22 just given the impact of store closures that we experienced throughout 2020 and then continuing into the first half of '21. And sorry, can you remind me the second half of your question? 
Lorraine Maikis: Yes. Just looking at the path to parity overall, given all the investments you're planning to make in Asia. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. We certainly see opportunity in the international margin. That said, we also see opportunity for expansion in our North America margin. So expect it to sit below, and there are some structural rent items that are a little bit more pressure, I would say, in our international region relative to North America. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan of Cowen. 
John Kernan: Nice job on the quarter. So what enabled you to outperform your expectations by this much given the reduction to MIRROR -- I guess in the core business, what outperformed your expectations from the last time you gave revenue guidance versus where we are now and what's a pretty difficult environment out there given the supply chain headwinds? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I'd say, John, it's really been broad-based. So we've -- our performance has come both from channels and e-comm as well as across women's, men's and accessories. And I think we've been particularly pleased, I'd say, with our store performance, so exceeding 2019 productivity in Q3 which was up from flat in Q2 and then 88% of 2019 in Q1. So we've seen some nice acceleration there. At the same time, e-commerce business has continued to be very strong. So we were up 22% year-over-year in Q3 and then 54% on a 2-year CAGR basis, so really pleased, I'd say, across the board. 
John Kernan: Excellent. Quick follow-up, just on SG&A dollars. It looks like the expectations implied for SG&A expense are a little bit lower versus where they were last quarter. Can you talk to the drivers of that? Are you dialing back some of the investments in MIRROR and some of the acquisition costs there? Any comments on SG&A as obviously, the gross margin headwinds picked up a bit on airfreight. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we did experience CAC for MIRROR in excess of our LTV to CAC ratio parameters in Q3 that continued into Q4. So we have made a strategic pullback there. And then there has been also some efficiencies identified on the lululemon side that are contributing to that SG&A line as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious, can you just give us an update on the number of MIRROR shop-in-shops you have currently? Anything you could share in terms of what that does to the stores that they're in, connectivity to the customer and maybe just what your future plans are for shop-in-shops as you look out to next year? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Paul. We did achieve our goal of 200 stores, that's both across the U.S. and in Canada. I think the Canadian number is around 48 is the final number. So call it 152 and 48. We have been and we're almost at the full MIRROR leads in each of those stores, which is a critical component to really activating the MIRROR and driving guest engagement and demonstrations. We saw -- we're very pleased with the results in Canada when we launched, which has only been the last few weeks. And we really wanted to test and learn and launch just through the lululemon channels and synergies, leveraging both online already guest relationships that we had in the store channel and very pleased with the start of the results of that initiative.
 And then I'd say across all very encouraging, and it's early in this, but we know it is one of our huge advantages of how we unlock synergies and tackle what remains the #1 opportunity, which is just general awareness behind this product in this category and the uniqueness of our proposition. One example is in-store demonstrations have a 6% conversion to sale, which is very encouraging.
 When you think of traditional retail conversion numbers of foot traffic in, our ability to convert 6% of those engaging in demonstrations with the MIRROR, it's a very encouraging number, which is why that MIRROR key lead is critical. In higher volume doors, having 2 key MIRROR leads to support the store in 7 days a week operation. And again, we're early. We see our unique point of view and the impact it's having on performances, and we're going to continue to invest where it makes sense and play our unique role and keep building this business forward. 
Paul Lejuez: And how has your thinking evolved just in terms of maybe using the existing customer base of the MIRROR to actually sell lulu product, if that's something on the horizon that you're going to be doing a little bit more on? 
Calvin McDonald: I think there's definitely the aspirational, which is we want everybody sweating on a MIRROR to be in lululemon, and we want everybody sweating with lululemon to be engaging and using a MIRROR. And that's an aspirational vision, but it's to say there's opportunity on both sides. As we continue to move forward, more and more of these guests are already or have shopped with lululemon, which is good because a big part of the role MIRROR plays with us is as a membership community that drives loyalty, retention and spend with our lululemon guests.
 We know the more they sweat with us, the more they spend with us. And our core business is our priority and will always remain our priority, and MIRROR is a way in which we drive that business forward. So we are seeing those dynamics play out. There is an opportunity. There are new guests we acquire and see come in to the family through MIRROR and we'll be able to convert them over. But the collective play is about retention, loyalty and increased spend, and we're pleased with those dynamics so far. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Meghan, would you -- could you guys give us some thoughts on what you think are some of the realistic scenarios for that store productivity number you referenced a few times as you look into 4Q? I know they get quite crowded as you get very close to the holiday. But maybe if there's a pull-forward, maybe that actually would have helped if there was any capacity issues in a normal season. But how should we think about what -- some of the scenarios you thought about as far as what the stores can do on a productivity basis fourth quarter?
 And then I guess, Calvin, if you can help us just back up if we think to the 2023 plan with the SG&A, I think if we look at the financial model from the Analyst Day, the thought was 13%, 14% type revenue growth and some SG&A leverage every year, maybe 10 basis points about. And I think you've delivered obviously, revenue growth has been much different than that because they're much higher than that because of the pandemic. But I know a lot of moving parts in there, but you mentioned a lot of times you pulled forward a lot of spend, particularly to fulfill on e-commerce.
 As we look out, excluding the MIRROR business, just at the core, is it -- or is the back end of that Analyst Day period a bigger SG&A leverage period because you got to those investments earlier and they generated bigger revenue returns than you thought? Or do you start looking at '24 and '25 investments and pulling those in as you look at '22 and '23? 
Meghan Frank: Michael, thanks it's Meghan. So in terms of store productivity for Q4, we are managing our business from an omni perspective and really looking at multiple scenarios. I would say store productivity, I would say, flat to 2019 to up slightly. It's probably a good baseline scenario, though, again, we are planning for multiple scenarios to flex where the demand comes to us. And I'll also take the long-term question in terms of SG&A. 
Michael Binetti: Sure. 
Meghan Frank: So we did have modest SG&A expansion in our long-term plan. At this point, we remain on that commitment. And what we're really focused on is our operating income and growing our operating income in excess of sales growth. We have had some shift in dynamic of our business with more investment in e-comm to support the accelerated growth there, of which depreciation sits in SG&A and we've also had some lower occupancy and expenses, and so some more gross margin leverage come through. We'll continue to balance our investments to grow our operating income, and we'll share more on our next 5-year outlook again in spring of '22. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: You spoke in your prepared remarks earlier to strong new guest acquisition and retention. As you think about the profile of the guests that you're acquiring today, can you talk to how that incremental new guest might differ in terms of demographics or preferred activities versus the customer that you acquired in prior years? What is your outlook for new guest acquisition going forward? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. From a general demographic perspective, we remain healthy across all the different demographic profiles from age, gender, and I will touch on the activity lens. But a lot of the initiatives we continue to deploy are resonating with younger consumers, very pleased with the health of new younger guest acquisition into the brand. And then as I mentioned, the migration and retention of the guests are very, very strong here at lululemon.
 So when we look at activity, 2 points: one, the versatility of our product is our -- one of our greatest strengths, and it allows for guests to find what they need for their sweat life across multiple categories, be it bottoms, tops, second layer, shorts. And as you know, we've defined a very clear activities that we want to own and have significant share of mind, share of wallet position in and that is Run, Train and Yoga. And then we've identified what we call play categories, be it golf, tennis, and hike.
 And these are businesses that equally, we're seeing our guests spend into and are helping to drive. But it's the versatility of the product and a very defined activity strategy linked to our product innovation that's helping to drive not just new guests, but spend with existing guests. And we are very early in those strategies.
 As you know, we just launched a brand-new yoga franchise for our female guest at the beginning of this quarter, the InStill Tight, which delivers a completely different feel sensation through our smooth cover material. And it's just one example of our approach of building franchises that deliver on feel states through these key core activities that are driving both new guest acquisition and spend with our existing guests. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question. Thanks. 
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Meghan, can I just start on a follow-up on gross margin. I think you indicated that you had 230 basis points of airfreight here in the third quarter and that really accounted for more than the 50 basis point decline in your product margin. If I back that inbound airfreight charge or cost out, am I right in doing so to get to, let's say, a gross merchandise margin increase in the quarter of 180 basis points? Is that an okay way for me to think about it? 
Meghan Frank: Kimberly, I would think about also if you're looking for a baseline for future planning, just that we had historically high full-price sell-throughs and lower markdown rates. So when we look into the future, we will have some puts and takes within our gross margin rates. And right now, we're committed to that modest margin expansion as we outlined in our Power of Three growth plan. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Got it. So you'll hopefully get back a good chunk of that airfreight next year in the third quarter, but perhaps the 180 -- they'll be as well, maybe a small bit of get back on markdowns or the pure merchandise margin, okay. Understood. Did you quantify the potential airfreight costs for Q4 in basis points, Meghan, I'm not sure if I heard that. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, we did. So 450 basis points of pressure in Q4 relative to 2019. And then also for the full year, 200 to 250 basis points relative to 2020. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Thanks so much. And my last question for Calvin. I heard you on the pricing philosophy, and that makes a ton of sense, Calvin, I think, to price for the performance that you're putting into the product year after year. We're starting to hear from some of our colleagues in supply chain that some of the OEMs in Asia are experiencing higher cost for either labor, utilities, raw materials. Would lululemon philosophically try to price for any actual increase in the cost of goods that your suppliers might be feeling? Would you think that, that would be an appropriate way to also raise price to the end consumer? 
Calvin McDonald: I mean, I think -- we really do price to market, and there are obviously a variety of inputs and considerations, and you've alluded to some. But as a business that is positioned as a premium brand that has much innovation built into the product. We look at a variety of factors to make our pricing decisions and it's just not -- we won't just do it unilaterally because of those pressures, we'll look at other ways to manage the overall mix and maintain our committed margins. 
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-09-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Meghan Frank, CFO; and Celeste Burgoyne, President, Americas and Global Guest Innovation. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales and store productivity metrics given on today's call are in constant dollars. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour [Operator Instructions]. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Cal. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and I'd like to welcome everyone to our second quarter earnings call. Our momentum continued into this quarter and our results remained robust with revenue growing more than 60% when compared to the same period last year. And on a 2-year CAGR basis, we are pleased to see an acceleration relative to our first quarter. These results reflect the ongoing strength across all major areas of the business. Our stores continued to rebound, generating a 2-year revenue CAGR of 9%, which is ahead of our expectations. We delivered positive growth in e-commerce, which is even more impressive given the strong performance 1 year ago. And we continue to deliver at a high level across all major categories and geographies. I also want to give some context around these numbers in the quarter after quarter performance we have been delivering. 
 We are updating our guidance for the full year and based upon this revised forecast, I am pleased to share that we will surpass our 2023 revenue target by the end of this year, 2 years ahead of schedule. And we achieved these results based upon our performance before, during and as we emerge from COVID-19. A few more details related to these results. In 2020, we achieved our goal to double our e-commerce business. 
 This year, we will likely achieve the goal we set to double our men's business. and we remain on track to quadruple our international business by 2023, if not sooner. I am proud of our leaders and teams for enabling us to meet and exceed these goals. As I've said before, lululemon remains in the early innings of our growth story, and I continue to be inspired and excited with the momentum we're seeing across the business. Results of this caliber enable us to now develop our next 5-year growth plan, and we'll come back to you next year with an updated view of what the future can hold for lululemon. 
 Looking at the second quarter, our results reflected broad-based strength across our channels, regions and product categories. A few key metrics tell the story. First, we grew total revenue 28% on a 2-year CAGR basis to $1.5 billion. This growth rate continues to outpace our 3-year CAGR of 19% leading up to the pandemic and also represents an acceleration from the 25% 2-year CAGR we reported in quarter 1 of this year. 
 In addition, our revenue increased across each of our major regions, up 26% in North America, and up 43% in our international markets, both on a 2-year CAGR basis. Second, we saw a further improvement in our brick-and-mortar channel with open stores generating productivity in line with 2019. I'm very pleased to achieve this milestone faster than we anticipated. Third, even with the recovery in our stores, our e-commerce business remains solid. Comps increased 4% on top of the 157% increase last year. And finally, I am pleased to share that our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.65 versus $0.96 in 2019, which is significantly ahead of our expectations. 
 Let me now share more color on our second quarter results, starting with product innovation. From a performance standpoint, our momentum continued across categories with women's revenue increasing 26% and men's growing 31% on a 2-year CAGR basis. 
 From a product standpoint, I'd like to take a moment to highlight 2 key launches: the AirSupport Bra and our latest yoga franchise, Instill. Bras remain an important expansion opportunity for us, thanks to our unique innovations across both fabrics and construction and powered by our proprietary research, we're very excited about our product positioning, and we know that bras is a wonderful category to drive loyalty with our guests. 
 Currently, the category represents mid-single digit penetration, and we see an opportunity to grow this category into the low to mid-teens in the coming years. This quarter, we launched the AirSupport Bra, our most tested bra to date, which was developed following 5 years of advanced research and development. It's made from a proprietary Ultralu fabric and expands our offering into the high-impact training category. 
 As I've mentioned before, lululemon's unique approach to product innovation is driven by our Science of Feel innovation platform. With this strategy firmly in place, we've introduced fabrics and products that engineer specific on-body sensations. Our popular aligned franchise offers our most distraction-free and weightless sensation, and we've expanded to include tops and bras in addition to our popular type. 
 Just last week, we continued to build out our yoga offering through the introduction of the Instill franchise. Made from our newest innovation and technical performance fabric called SmoothCover, this fabric offers our Hugged Sensation, which provides incredible support through every pose in your practice. It's a powerful and distinctive companion to our hugely successful Align product line and we will further solidify our leadership position within the yoga category. 
 Last October, we launched our Impact Agenda, which outlines our strategies to address critical social and environmental issues over a multiyear period. I'm proud of our recent announcements to develop advanced raw materials that will help us live into our goals and create a healthier world. These include our participation in the Mylo Consortium that will allow us to make products using an infinitely renewable material made from the root structure of mushrooms. We expect to launch our first products using Mylo next year. Our partnership with LanzaTech, a biotech company, which allows us to create the world's first yarn and fabric using recycled carbon emissions. And just a few weeks ago, we announced our multiyear collaboration with Genomatica, a recognized leader in sustainable materials to create a lower impact plant-based nylon. I'm excited with these 3 new partnerships, and it's just the beginning of lululemon's commitment to be a leader in the industry related to product sustainability and innovation. 
 I would now like to speak to our supply chain and the issues facing the entire industry. Another wave of COVID-19 and related factory closures in Vietnam, ongoing issues at the ports and reduced airfreight capacity are contributing to some disruptions within the supply chain as well as increased costs. We are monitoring this closely and leaning into the agility of our supply chain, the strength of our planning and allocations team and the powerful partnerships with our vendors to help mitigate the risks where we can. 
 Our business was particularly strong in quarter 2, and our guidance calls for momentum to continue in the back half of the year. But I think it's fair to say that our business would have been even stronger without these challenges facing the industry. Meghan will have more to share regarding inventory and costs in a few moments. 
 Let me now shift to MIRROR. We continue to be pleased with the performance of MIRROR, and let me highlight several initiatives we have on track for this year. We now have MIRROR shop-in-shops in 150 lululemon stores and our plans call for 200 shops in time for the holiday season. We will soon introduce MIRROR to guests in Canada where lululemon has an impressive level of recognition. We recently opened our second production studio in New York, allowing us to double the number of live classes. And MIRROR will launch a new e-commerce site in time for the holiday season this year. 
 We are monitoring how macro factors currently impacting the cost of digital marketing are creating some pressure on customer acquisition costs at MIRROR. We're enthusiastic about the opportunities that exist for the business. We'll continue monitoring the rising costs associated with CAC while we move ahead with launching exciting new innovations and leveraging the synergies lululemon brings to the relationship. Combined, these give us a unique strength to keep growing MIRROR. We will be competitive to attract new members, and we will continue to take a measured and responsible approach to the business. We are playing the long game and have much to unlock in the coming years. 
 We're also excited about how MIRROR can be the vehicle through which we offer long-term benefits to our guests such as membership programs and special experiences. Given this strategic opportunity, we will suspend our membership test that has been underway and apply the learnings to how we build out the MIRROR platform for guests. The learnings from our membership tests are considerable. Some examples include digital sweat classes and community events were top drivers of overall program engagement. Guests want to engage deeper with us in each other, and they are willing to shift into the digital space to do so, and the program was embraced by men at a higher rate than we were expecting. These learnings were integral to our decision to complete the MIRROR acquisition and hold true today. We look forward to sharing more with you on the evolution of our loyalty programs at a later date. 
 Switching now to international. Our sales trends continue to be robust with all major regions generating strong double-digit sales growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. We opened 8 stores outside of North America in quarter 2 and remain on track to open 35 to 40 stores this year internationally. As you know, we also see continued growth opportunities within North America and I am pleased to now hand it over to Celeste, who will share some additional details with you on our stores and e-commerce business. Celeste? 
Celeste Burgoyne: Thank you, Calvin. I'm happy to be on the call today to speak to our omni guest experience pillar and to share some additional details on our second quarter performance. 
 Looking at our store channel. Total revenue increased 142% versus last year and 9% on a 2-year CAGR basis. Traffic was strong and increased over 150% versus last year. In addition, I am thrilled that we are able to achieve productivity in our open stores equal to levels we saw in 2019 and happy to see these results sooner than we expected. This performance not only speaks to the success of our kick-starting our stores initiative and the strength of our merchandise assortment, but it also speaks to our educators and store teams who bring our brand to life every day for our guests. 
 Now let me take a moment to share with you a few highlights from several exciting community activations we recently hosted throughout the quarter. In Atlanta, we cohosted a charity event created in partnership with leading Atlanta fitness influencers, [ Macaday ] and [ EJ Houston ]. Guests took 3 back-to-back classes and lululemon matched all ticket sales, which were then donated to the Black Women's Health Imperative. 
 In Chicago, beginning in July and running through October, lululemon is partnering with Urban Juncture Foundation to host a community pop-up on Chicago's south side in the Boxville Marketplace. Boxville is a very unique collection of shipping containers designed as a space for the community to gather and local businesses to engage in commerce. Our activation pairs our ambassadors with fitness instructors in the local community to lead over 140 complementary fitness classes. The turnout for these classes had been really positive. And I'm really excited that we're celebrating the 10-year anniversary of our iconic series event with a virtual run later this month. We are really proud to be able to bring the lululemon brand to our guests in these unique and compelling ways and we are excited about what is yet to come. 
 Switching now to e-commerce. As Calvin mentioned, sales trends remain positive, with total digital comps up 4% in Q2. This result comes on top of the 157% increase in Q2 of last year, which benefited from our online warehouse sale, an event that we did not repeat this year. The enhancements we're continuing to make to our desktop and mobile sites, which include expanding our alternative payment methods, improved storytelling, more predictive search and a more seamless checkout, all combined to continue to elevate the online guest experience. 
 Before I hand it over to Meghan, I'd like to speak for a minute on labor and what we're seeing regarding store and call center staffing. We have always supported and invested in our people. This was never more true than last year during the pandemic. We prioritized our people and kept our teams intact by offering pay production, sick pay and other key people investments. Not only were these initiatives the right thing to do for our people, but they kept our workforce whole and have enabled us to reopen stores with a full complement of educators and leadership teams. And they are directly contributing to the strong results we've generated over the last several quarters. 
 That being said, we are carefully monitoring the current developments in labor markets, particularly in North America, and we remain committed to doing what's right for store and DC teams. We've recently announced that we will raise the minimum base pay for our store and guest education center roles in North America, taking our new base pay to $15 to $17 per hour, depending on the location enroll plus all levels are eligible for a monthly bonus on top of base pay. Our teams are incredibly deserving of this new rate, and we feel it sets us up strongly going into what will be a busy Q4. 
 In closing, I'd like to thank the entire lululemon family, especially our teams in stores and our guest education center and in our distribution centers around the world. These teams are the heart and soul of our brand, and they are responsible for the elevated experience our guests enjoy each and every time they engage with us. We are so grateful for everyone's hard work and dedication. And for that, I'd like to say thank you. I will now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Celeste. Our momentum continued in Q2 with our top and bottom line results exceeding our expectations. Strong guest response to our merchandise offering and improving store trend and continued strength in e-commerce fueled our growth, and contributed to our increased outlook for the year, which I will take you through in a moment. As Calvin mentioned, we continue to navigate industry-wide challenges with COVID-related factory closures, slowdowns at the ports and reduced airfreight capacity impacting our business as we move into the second half of the year. 
 I'll share some of the specific impacts of these issues with you as I take you through our Q2 financials and our guidance. Despite these headwinds, we expect both strong revenue and EPS for the year and we remain on track to deliver or in some cases, even exceed our goals as set forth in our Power of Three growth plan. 
 Let me now share with you the details of our Q2 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR but exclude approximately $8.1 million of acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effect in Q2 2021. And $11.5 million of acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effects in Q2 2020. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q2, total net revenue increased 61% to $1.5 billion, above our expectations of $1.3 billion to $1.33 billion. This included a 63% increase in North America and a 49% increase in our international business. On a 2-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 28% with North America up 26% and international increasing 43%. In our digital channel, revenues increased 66% on a 2-year CAGR basis, above our expectations of approximately 55% growth. 
 E-com contributed $597 million of top line or 41% of total revenue. In our store channel, sales increased 9% on a 2-year CAGR basis, above our expectations of approximately flat. Productivity in stores returned to 2019 levels, representing continued improvement versus 88% productivity we realized in Q1 of this year. At the end of the second quarter, we had 95% of our stores open. Square footage increased 8% versus last year, driven by the addition of 28 net new stores since Q2 of 2020. 
 During the quarter, we opened 11 net new stores. Gross profit for the second quarter was $843 million or 58.1% of net revenue compared to 54.2% of net revenue in Q2 2020 and 55% of net revenue in Q2 2019. Our gross margin increase of 310 basis points relative to 2019 was driven by 290 basis points of leverage on occupancy, depreciation and product team costs and 60 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange, which was partially offset by a 40 basis point decrease in product margin, driven by a 120 basis point increase in airfreight related to COVID-19. I would also note that markdowns decline relative to 2019. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be grounded in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $541 million or 37.3% of net revenue compared to 39.1% of net revenue in Q2 2020 and 36% of net revenue in Q2 2019. Leverage in the quarter versus Q2 2020 resulted from a sales increase relative to the COVID impacted quarter last year. The deleverage relative to Q2 2019 is the result of consolidation of MIRROR's results this year, but not in 2019 and deleverage on foreign exchange. 
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $299 million or 20.6% of net revenue compared to 15% of net revenue in Q2 2020 and 19% of net revenue in Q2 2019. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $83.5 million or 27.9% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.9% a year ago. The reduction relative to last year is due primarily to deductions related to stock-based compensation. 
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $216 million or $1.65 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.74 in Q2 of 2020 and $0.96 in Q2 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $80 million for the quarter compared to $53 million in the second quarter last year. Q2 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, supply chain investment and technology spend to support our business growth. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion of total liquidity. We had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 17% versus last year, and was $790 million at the end of Q2. This is below our expectations for a 25% to 30% increase due to our top line outperformance, coupled with industry-wide supply chain disruptions. However, on a 2-year CAGR basis, this represents inventory growth of 26% versus our expectation for 24% to 25% revenue growth in Q3 on a 2-year CAGR basis. 
 As we've mentioned, we are seeing some delayed inventory receipts due to issues of the ports and also the recent COVID-related closures of certain factories in Southern Vietnam. Our supply chain and product teams are working diligently to mitigate these risks by shifting production out of Vietnam, where possible with our vendors who operate in multiple countries, prioritizing production to ensure key fall holiday styles are produced first and strategically increasing our use of airfreight. 
 At the end of Q3, we expect inventory levels to increase approximately 15% to 20% relative to Q3 2020. While this level of inventory can support our increased revenue guidance, I'm going to walk through in a moment, it is lower than we had initially targeted due to supply chain challenges. In Q2, we repurchased 506,000 shares at an average price of $338. At the end of the quarter, we had $245 million of availability remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. 
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q3 and the full year 2021. The underlying demand for our brand is strong, and while we are navigating temporary headwinds in our supply chain, which are impacting both top line and gross margin, we are pleased with our momentum headed into the second half. We currently have approximately 95% of our stores opened globally. We're engaging with guests inside our stores and through our community activations and our e-commerce business remains strong. 
 For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.43 billion, representing a 2-year CAGR of 24% to 25%. We expect gross margin in Q3 to increase 50 to 100 basis points versus Q3 of 2019. Relative to 2019, our gross margin is benefiting from a higher e-com penetration and leverage on occupancy and depreciation. Our Q3 guidance reflects an impact of approximately 200 basis points of pressure from airfreight costs due to port congestion and capacity constraints. 
 In Q3, we expect SG&A deleverage of approximately 300 to 350 basis points relative to 2019. Drivers of the deleverage versus 2019 include consolidation of MIRROR's results this year but not in 2019, increased investments in brand building to slower growth initiatives and higher depreciation due to accelerated investment to support e-commerce business in 2020 and 2021. 
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $1.33 to $1.38 versus adjusted EPS of $1.16 a year ago. This includes operating results from MIRROR but excludes acquisition and integration-related costs. As a reminder, we reported EPS of $0.96 in Q3 of 2019. 
 For the full year 2021, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $6.19 billion to $6.26 billion. This range now assumes our e-commerce business grows in the mid-teens relative to the outsized strength we experienced in 2020. Our annual range also assumes the factories we use to source product in Vietnam begin a phase reopening in mid-September. When looking at total revenue, our guidance range implies a 2-year CAGR of approximately 25%, which is higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020 and is well ahead of the low teens CAGR we contemplated in our Power of Three growth plan. 
 We continue to expect to open 45 to 55 net new company-operated stores in 2021. This includes approximately 35 to 40 stores that are international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the low teens. We continue to expect gross margin for the year to expand between 150 to 200 basis points compared to the modest increase we saw in 2020. For the year, the anticipated margin expansion now includes 150 to 200 basis points of negative impact from additional airfreight costs, but is still in excess of Power of Three growth plan, which assumes modest gross margin expansion annually. 
 When looking at SG&A for the full year, we now expect deleverage of 10 to 30 basis points versus 2020. Drivers of the deleverage continue to include our investment in MIRROR brand building. We expect our adjusted effective tax rate for the year to be similar to 2020. We now expect our fiscal year 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.38 to $7.48. Our EPS guidance continues to assume modest dilution from MIRROR in the 3% to 5% range, excluding acquisition and integration-related costs. It also excludes the impact of any future share repurchases. 
 We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $365 million to $375 million for 2021. The increase versus 2020 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations, including MIRROR shop-in-shops as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects. 
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I want to express my gratitude to the entire lululemon collective. It is you who brings our brand to life every day and enables our strong financial results. And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan and Celeste. Before I open it up to questions, I wanted to take a look back on these results in the previous quarters and speak for a moment about the unique business model that drives our success, enables our strong performance and allows us to navigate COVID-19 and the current headwinds impacting our supply chain. 
 Our vertically integrated model and high-margin structure allows us to use more airfreight while still delivering gross margin expansion. Our focus on technical athletic apparel allows us to benefit from trends in consumer behavior that are becoming more important year after year and our inventory, which leverages many key core styles with less seasonality helps us navigate and mitigate disruptions within the supply chain. 
 Looking at our business over the course of the second quarter and the first half of the year, I continue to be excited about our day-to-day progress, our ability to sustain momentum quarter after quarter and year after year and the incredible long-term prospects for our brand. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations. I mean these are just really stellar results. I mean so much is going on, right, so many puts and takes. And I guess the question is with lead times that are generally, let's call 6 months plus, I'm wondering if you can give us some more details on the amount of exposure that you have maybe to Vietnam. Is it really just products coming out of that country? Or is it bleeding into the region? And though you're going to airfreight products, is that airfreight for [ old style ] or the airfreight to potentially meet holiday demand? 
Meghan Frank: It's Meghan. I'll actually take that. So in terms of Vietnam, we sourced approximately 30% of our finished goods and the impact of the Southern Vietnam closure is currently impacting approximately 20% of our second half inventory. We are leveraging airfreight to meet our guidance. And what's contemplated in our guidance is 150 to 200 basis points of deleverage for the full year in terms of airfreight impact. 
 To the extent possible, the team is looking to multisource and leverage other countries as well as prioritize fall holiday key styles to the best of their ability, and airfreight is a muscle that as a growth company, we often leverage, and we continue to do so as we navigate the supply chain challenges in the second half. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the results here. So great to hear you're on track to pass the 2023 revenue target sooner than anticipated. Understanding we'll be hearing more next year, but just any initial thoughts you can share on how we should be thinking about your top line growth algorithm beyond 2021 and how, if at all, the drivers may change versus the prior plan. 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, thanks. And as you mentioned, with the revised guidance, we're looking to achieve between $6.2 billion, $6.3 billion this year, putting us 2 years ahead. We achieved doubling our e-commerce business last year. We will double our men's business this year and our international business is ahead of the 4x growth we put out to be completed by the end of '23. So it really supports the early innings and growth across multiple levers. The Power of Three initiatives focusing on product, guest experience and market expansion are still the key areas of focus that we will drive our innovation through and, the growth targets within that is what you should continue to look forward beyond '21. But we do plan to come back with our long-term thinking next year and share more with you at that point. 
Mark Altschwager: And Calvin, just a quick follow-up. Can you expand a little bit on the plans for membership? I guess I imagine it was a challenge to get reads on the tests given everything that's been going on in the last 18 months. But do you still see an opportunity to have a loyalty program that exists outside of the MIRROR platform? Or what form might that take? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Yes. No, absolutely, Mark, and thanks for the question. I'll break it into 2 things. One, the membership test, we learned a lot. In particular, the way the test was set up, as you know, is it was a paid membership program and our guests received a number of benefits linked to sweat. And from that, some of the behaviors that we were able to observe was how it drove brand love, their connection to the community, both the brand as well as to each other, which is really important, and you want that in these type of membership programs to drive that loyalty, any impact on their spend. And in fact, those behaviors is what gave us the conviction and confidence to go ahead with the MIRROR acquisition because we saw a natural synergy between the two, a paid membership program focused on sweat. 
 And the membership tests although very effective, the challenge, COVID aside, was that it was challenged to scale. It was rooted and physical, and we couldn't offer it everywhere. And we always had visions of being able to bring that to the digital platform. And seeing what we saw within the physical and our relationship with the MIRROR team gave us the confidence to proceed with that. And really, we always saw a convergence between these 2 strategies. The membership test gave us access to thousands of guests that we're behaving in this way and MIRROR at the end of this year is going to give us access to hundreds of thousands. And we're excited about the ability to scale it. We're early. We're thinking long term, and that convergence was natural. Outside of a paid subscription, the opportunity around loyalty absolutely exists, and it's something that we will share later as we share our plans for the future. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: I wanted to follow up on the international business and the momentum that you're seeing there. Can you provide some additional insight about what's working really well in those geographies? And perhaps a little bit more detail on your outlook for China momentum into the second half. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thank you, Brooke. Very pleased with our international business. Very pleased with growth across every market we are in. Now different markets have impacted -- have been impacted differently from COVID. As you know, Australia, New Zealand, in particular right now is where the bulk of our global store closures are taking place. But even with that, our online business is doing very well. So overall, what's very exciting is the balance of growth across all international markets, meaning they are all contributing significant growth and into our goal of quadrupling our international business by '23. 
 China, in particular, is a market where we have leaned in on an investment. We've opened a head office in Shanghai. We are leaning in, in hiring and supporting local teams within that market and in our store expansion as well as our digital innovation and support. So China is definitely one of our key markets. We are seeing good growth. We are investing in the country, supporting the teams and overall, the international business like our business in North America, and some of our category opportunities very early and growth across all channels in the markets and product categories. So excited about what the future continues to hold for our international business. 
Brooke Roach: And if I could just follow up with a question from Meghan on the SG&A leverage outlook. There are a lot of moving pieces within the outlook, some investments in brand building, higher wages. Can you help us think through some of the puts and takes of that leverage component and SG&A into the back half of this year? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of SG&A, we guided for Q3 to 300 to 350 basis points deleverage relative to 2019. So -- and that includes MIRROR consolidated in this year's numbers and not in 2019 as well as brand building, which should include both that MIRROR piece as well as our current field campaign. And then we also have higher depreciation relative to 2019, just given our investments behind digital and the strength of that business. 
 When we look at the full year, we've got 10 to 30 basis points of deleverage for -- relative to 2020, and that is better than the 30 to 50 basis points that we disclosed previously. And really driving that deleverage would be the consolidation of MIRROR for the full year as well as investments again behind our digital channel. But really pleased overall, I would say, with the operating flow-through of our business and remain on track to our Power of Three growth plan, as we've discussed. 
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: Great. Let me add my congratulations, excellent results. I have a follow-up first on the supply chain. Just as you look forward, could you just talk about if you see any of the current issues bleeding into spring? And when do some of the facilities that have currently been shuttered in Vietnam, need to start kind of ramping to hit kind of later holiday demand as well as spring? 
 And then secondly for Meghan, on the second quarter comment you called out on open store productivity back at 2019 levels. How are you planning that for the back half? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Erinn. So in terms of supply chain, we are assuming that Southern Vietnam begins a phased reopening in mid-September, and that's what's implied in our guidance. Closely monitoring the situation at this point, we do anticipate that the airfreight environment will not improve for the balance of the year. And thus, we've guided to the 150 to 200 basis points impact for this year, and we'll continue to update you as we move into '22. And then in terms of open store productivity, can you just remind me of the details to your question there? 
Erinn Murphy: I was just curious, you said you were back in 2019 levels in the second quarter, which was ahead of plan. How are you planning store productivity for open stores in the back half? 
Meghan Frank: So for Q3, we are planning to be slightly above last year 2019 levels for the quarter. When we look to Q4, we're really pushing into our omnichannel strength and will be agile across both channels, meaning the demand where it comes to us, but we are sharing slightly above 2019 productivity for Q3. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Let me add my congrats. Great results. Calvin or Meghan, I guess, can you elaborate a little bit on the CAC commentary you gave. Can you just talk about the idea if changes and how it's impacted MIRROR? Are the opt-in rates a little bit lower than what you had expected? Is this kind of what you thought? And then I guess just to wrap that question up, how does this impact the concept's ability to reach breakeven? Does it kind of push it out a little bit more? Do you view this as transitory? Just any color around that would be really helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Ike. I'll handle the first half and then handle the second part to your question on breakeven over to Meghan. I continue to be very encouraged with the usage numbers and engagement numbers that we're seeing with the MIRROR community. And I'll start there because I think those to me are the most important and signal the health and the engagement of the community, both with each other as well as near the product. And we continue to see the members use of MIRROR, number of sweats, number of members per household sweating increase and hold very high numbers. So very excited about how any guests, any member that purchases it, is using it and all the things we love about the versatility, the genre and the appeal to a number are all playing out as well as our conversion numbers are very healthy. 
 The challenge right now with a variety of changes that have happened in the digital marketing space is the cost CPM, the cost to get MIRROR, which has low awareness right now, and we're working towards in front of guests. Those costs in the market are rising, which has an impact ultimately into CAC. But the number of guests that are converting when they see those ads and ultimately convert to buy once they work their way down through the funnel are all at or above where we've been trending and very healthy. So it is a reflection of the industry. 
 We are, as I mentioned, managing accordingly. We have our eyes on the long game with MIRROR and the community we're building. We're just ramping up synergies like the 200 stores that play to our strength and the key leads in each of those locations. So we're excited heading into the holiday, but I did want to call it out because we're monitoring it. And as I mentioned, we're going to stay within the guidance we gave on dilution, and we're going to leverage the strength of the synergy and learn a ton this holiday. But the general metrics and guest member usage are very, very strong. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of breakeven, we haven't put a fine point on that, but we are focused, as Calvin mentioned, on rolling out initiatives for 2021, including store ramp, Canada entry and e-commerce website rebound. The path to profitability there for MIRROR is very much within our control, and we're investing behind the strength and momentum in that business as well as our overall financial strength. And we'll share more as we move through the peak holiday season and into '22. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Let me add my congrats on a really nice quarter. Two quick ones, I guess, on gross margin sustainability. The gross margins in 2Q are above what you typically do for holiday quarter pre-COVID, which is where there's a lot of leverage in the business. Can you talk about your confidence in sustaining this level beyond the recovery period? And what we should think about as the puts and takes for gross margin just thematically as we look out beyond '21? 
 And then, Calvin, on international, when we gathered to the Analyst Day and you gave us the initial guidance of quadrupling revenues by 2023, I think the comment was that international was going to reach breakeven in 2018 and would be 10% to 15% of earnings by 2023. So I think that embedded about 1,000 to 1,500 basis points of margin expansion in international. You told us tonight you're on track to quadruple the revenues. But maybe you could just give us some thoughts on the path of the profitability of the international business to go with that comment just to bring us up to date. 
Meghan Frank: Mike, I'll take the first part of that question. So in terms of gross margin, 150 basis points to 200 basis points expansion was where we guided for the full year. And we're pleased, I would say, overall, with that relative to 2020 performance. It's really driven through our performance on top line and leverage on occupancy and depreciation. And then we do, at this point in time, we're maintaining our Power of Three growth plan, which calls for modest expansion in gross margin as we look out. And as Calvin mentioned, we'll come back and update that plan as we move into next year.
 And in terms of overall international profitability, we are profitable overall in international. And still see a lot of opportunity there relative to the maturation of the international business in terms of its comparison to North America, particularly pleased with the growth rate we're experiencing in China and see opportunity for both revenue and gross margin expansion and operating margin as that business expands. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to focus on the men's business for a minute. The 2-year CAGR continues to accelerate. I was just curious where you've seen success and then what you're excited about for the back half and into next year vis-a-vis then? 
Calvin McDonald: Lorraine, it's Calvin. As you alluded, we're very happy with the overall growth in our men's business to your CAGR of 31%. I'm sure you remember last year when heading into COVID, our men's business was leading growth over women's. And then with the shutting of our stores and other shifts that were happening as a result, we saw that business slow both in the industry as well as with ourselves, even though we were putting on market share. 
 And at the time I sort of indicated that it would just be a matter of time. We didn't see anything systemic in our men's business that raised any concerns for us. And those scenarios played out as stores opened. He came back into the store, which stores still remain a wonderful acquisition vehicle for us to get new men into the business and into the brand. And it has just continued to gain momentum through each quarter and then with Q2 being sort of back at that great growth where we're going to double our business at the end of this year, 2 years early from when we started at the beginning of 2019. 
 And when I look at the growth, it did balance across all the categories, which is very healthy. They're obviously between bottoms and tops and shorts and outerwear and some of the accessories, you see a slight variance in growth. But overall, they're all double digit, all very, very strong, and it's a reflection of building deeper relationships with our existing guys and spending more and continuing to acquire and bring in a new male guest into the business. And we will share the role men's plays in our future growth plans early next year when we sort of reset. But it continues to be very strong, very strong across all markets around the globe. And it's driven both by current spending more and our acquisition of new guests. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another great quarter. So maybe, Calvin, as we think about 28% revenue growth relative to 2019 in the second quarter, mid-20s in the first quarter, is there a way to rank the drivers of the outperformance that you're seeing relative to that 19% pre-pandemic? Or maybe said differently, do you believe the TAM coming out of this crisis is larger, broadly multiyear for the lulu brand? Or are you taking accelerated market share? Or is it a combination of both? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. It's definitely a combination of both. We've shared and continue to see our brand gaining market share across categories, men's and women's. Equally, we know that the pandemic drove forward, accelerated some of the guest behaviors that played the strength of our brand. One is general fitness awareness to being well, living well to the importance of functional apparel, which is critical and again, plays to our strength. And third is really the roles in categories that our brand play in and how the guests are wearing and using the gear. 
 So I think the -- I know the TAM has been impacted by those macro trends. We're well positioned within that TAM to address it in a very effective, leading way. And I think that, combined with our ability to gain market share against our competitors is helping to fuel the business and will continue as we look forward to the years. And you've heard me say this before, this brand is early innings across product with activities where we focus on run, train, yoga and OTM categories within those activities and both our men's and women's business, markets, North American international and channels, online and stores. So we are early innings in our growth. That's why we see such balanced growth across markets, channels and product categories. And the impact that COVID has had on TAM plays to the strengths and plays to our growth story and the opportunity that we see ahead for our brand. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats again, early innings is a great thing. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. Calvin, I just wanted to follow up on that last answer. There's some large public companies who have bought athleisure brands over the past couple of months. Just wondering how you think that impacts the company's ability to continue to reach its goals. And can you remind us what is it about lululemon that continues to allow you to be a leader when a lot of other companies are going to be -- big companies with big resources are going to be making investments in this category. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Jay. There's a lot in that question, and I'll unpack a bit of it. But those brands that have been acquired have been in the market. We've competed against them before, and we've always liked our unique in differentiation within what has been a crowded marketplace, and yet we continue to put up the results we've put up in the past number of years. And that really is rooted in a number of very unique attributes to our brand, one, starting with our product, the premium nature of it, the focus and obsession on innovation through Science of Feel that truly creates product that performs in a unique way to the guest and provides a sensorial experience that's unique and different with the quality that they know they're getting for what they buy and pay. And that has always driven our business. 
 It's what separates us from others and I don't see that changing with the landscape of who's out there and who owns who's out there. Our obsession with raw material and our investment in our product is what we do. It's what we obsess about. And it's really what drives why the guests feel different and continue to sort of be loyal to this product and brand. And the second is the power of human connection through our educators to the strength of our community and the investments we make at grassroots through our people, through our ambassador community and then the exciting addition of MIRROR into that community. But everything we do around human connection, Science of Feel that's fueling that continues to differentiate the brand and its unique position as premium, but through quality innovation. We believe continue to be unique differentiators and drivers of the brand and have obviously been in place and fueled the growth that we've seen so far. 
Jay Sole: Got it. That's helpful. If I could just ask one more question, switching gears for a second. If we think about the holiday environment, Calvin, how are you thinking about maybe some opportunities that could be presented around pricing if we are in an environment where a lot of companies are having trouble sourcing the units they need or they would want to really fulfill the demand -- the consumer demand that's out there. Does it create opportunity to take some pricing to offset cost increases, whether it's in labor or other areas? And how do you think that the overall environment will respond to a situation where everybody is being challenged by supply chain issues in Asia. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We take pricing obviously, seriously and that we're constantly monitoring and testing, driven out of the innovation of the product. We're well aware of the inputs of inflation and costs and have that in our guidance that Meghan has provided. We look for opportunities, both where we could price up and/or price down to be positioned in the marketplace based on assortment and range work. So it's pretty fluid, Matt, and we're comfortable -- sorry, Jay, very fluid and we're comfortable with sort of how we're positioned today in addressing it, but all and any pricing changes would be in Meghan's guidance, and there's nothing of significant plan or that you should expect. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Excellent. Congrats on all the momentum. Calvin, can you talk about the investments in renewable materials and the stance on sustainability that you're taking. How much of a percentage of the assortment can this represent over time? How is the margin profile of the sustainable product look versus the current assortment? And I have a quick follow-up for Meghan. 
Calvin McDonald: Good. Thanks, John. As you know, in our Impact Agenda that we published our first one last year on our "be human, be well, be planet" pillars. In our be planet, our commitment is to make 100% of our products with sustainable materials by 2030 as well as investing into circularity, which is extending the life of our products and providing options and choices to our guests. And there's been a lot of fantastic innovations and partnerships in that space with the pilot around our resell program, the partnerships, be it with Mylo, LanzaTech or Genomatica announced this past quarter in the super cluster. 
 So it is a very important driver of innovation for our business. We've established plans to improve the planet that we're committed to. And as these scale and as we continue to drop collections and learn, we are not anticipating or how we factored in a margin pressure result. And we've established multiyear targets. We are working with the right partners to help in the manufacturing and the creation and therefore, the commercialization of these goods. So I would not factor in any marginal impact, and our goals speak for themselves. We want to be, by 2030, 100% of our products made with sustained materials, and that's what these partnerships are gearing and working towards for us. 
John Kernan: That's exciting things. Meghan, maybe just a quick follow-up on the increased outlook for airfreight. I think that everybody is seeing, I think it's now 150 to 200 basis point negative impact for the year. How should we think about this in terms of recovery? It seems like most of this is cyclical and much of this can be recovered fairly quickly as the supply chain begins to open up. Is that the right way to think about this, is that some -- the gross margin would obviously be a lot higher without some of these supply chain pressures and that some of this is just a cyclical rather than structural. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say, definitely view it as temporary in nature. Obviously, the environment is really dynamic and fluid today. As I mentioned, we anticipate it will be with us for the balance of the year and we'll update on 2022. There will be some likely some puts and takes in margin as we move forward, and we do remain committed to the margin target that was in our Power of Three growth plan of modest expansion annually. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-06-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and Meghan Frank, CFO.  
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which have -- which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales and store productivity metrics given on today's call are in constant dollars.  
 The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the first quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour [Operator Instructions].  
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and hi, everyone. I'm excited to speak with you about our first quarter results and the momentum we're seeing across the business. As the press release describes, we're off to a particularly strong start to 2021, with revenue growth of 88% over the same period last year. And when you look at our 2-year CAGR, our performance truly stands out and shows the sustained momentum in the business.  
 Our first quarter results reflected our strength across all drivers of growth, fueled by the continued expansion in our e-commerce business, our performance across categories and geographies, and a rebound in the number of guests shopping in our brick-and-mortar stores. I want to take a moment to recognize the resiliency and agility of our teams across the globe. Their commitment and dedication enables this impressive performance, and it would not be possible without them.  
 On today's call, I will speak to our first quarter results, our Power of Three growth pillars and the progress toward delivering against our impact initiatives. You'll also hear from Meghan Frank, our CFO, with further details about our Q1 financial performance and our guidance outlook. We'll then be happy to take your questions.  
 Looking at the quarter, our results were driven by strength across channels, regions and product categories. Here are a few key operating metrics. Firstly, our total revenue of $1.2 billion reflects an increase of 25% on a 2-year CAGR basis. This growth rate represents an acceleration relative to our 3-year CAGR of 19%, leading up to the pandemic, and reinforces that we remain early in our life cycle and have a unique business model that allows us to thrive in an ever-changing environment. In addition, our revenue increased across each of our regions, up 23% in North America and up 41% in our international markets, both on a 2-year CAGR basis.  
 Secondly, growth within our e-commerce business remains strong, with comps up 50%, which is on top of the 70% increase in the same quarter last year. And thirdly, adjusted earnings per share were $1.16 versus $0.74 in 2019, significantly ahead of our expectations.
 And we are also pleased to see our momentum extending into the second quarter. We delivered at this high level while we also strategically managed a number of ongoing macro operating challenges, such as continued store closures, capacity constraints, supply chain challenges at the ports and reduced air freight capacity. While challenges of all types will no doubt remain going forward, I'm confident we will continue to manage them effectively and deliver outstanding results.  
 In summary, lululemon continues to become stronger quarter after quarter. We are very early in our growth story, and we are well positioned for the post-pandemic world. And the opportunities ahead of us are significant and continue to expand.  
 I will now provide a bit more color on the first quarter results. We are firmly on track to deliver on our commitments contained in our Power of Three growth plan, through our 3 pillars of product innovation, omni-guest experience and market expansion.  
 Within product innovation, we continue to leverage our Science of Feel platform to deliver technical athletic apparel to our guests. Our sweet spot is creating versatile and stylish products that include technical innovation, comfort and flexibility. In the first quarter, we saw strength across our assortment with women's revenue increasing 23% and  men's growing 27% on a 2-year CAGR basis.  
 I will now share a few more thoughts related to our product. We saw strength in women's across the assortment as guests are responding well to both tops and bottoms. Our performance in tops was driven by core styles and franchise extensions, such as the Align tank. Our male guests returned to our stores as we emerged from the pandemic. Men's growth outpaced women's growth on both a 1- and 2-year basis, and we are seeing very positive momentum in our On The Move assortment.  
 Across both the women's and men's businesses, our sales success reflects our ability to consistently introduce new innovation to our guests as we expand core and newer categories and leverage our spectrum of raw materials. We're in the early days of our product journey with ample opportunity to expand across our 4 key product areas of Yoga, Run, Train and On The Move.  
 And speaking of Run, this quarter, we launched a global run campaign that highlights how we are making running more accessible and inclusive. And we took a broad-based approach that included messaging that featured male and female athletes in a broad range of products. A platform that highlighted existing ambassadors along with new ambassadors, such as Ultra Marathon Runner, Mirna Valerio; Brooklyn-based filmmaker and founder of Running to Protest, Coffey; Canadian 10,000 meter record holder, Natasha Wodak; and Olympian leader and mentor, Colleen Quigley. I'm pleased with the results of our Run campaign, and it's an example of the leadership Nikki Neuberger, our Chief Brand Officer, is bringing to the company. And I look forward to her joining us on a future call.  
 Let me now turn to our omni-guest pillar and the strength we saw across channels in Q1, with the upside in revenue driven by both our stores and e-commerce businesses. Here are a few highlights I'd like to share. The healthy comps in our e-commerce channel were driven by a mix of new and existing guests. We're also happy to see the investments in our digital business paying off, and we're continuing to improve product education, offer better outfitting solutions and tell stories in a more compelling way.  
 When looking at our store channel, I remain very enthusiastic about our performance. We are committed to stores, and we are building more stores this year and seeing more and more great real estate opportunities become available in great areas in key cities around the globe. We will continue to be opportunistic in grabbing these locations as they become available.  
 We are also fortunate to have our store teams in a good position as well. The pay protection initiative we implemented last year for employees has allowed us to retain and engage them throughout this period. This meant we could reopen stores quickly and this agile and dedicated team has allowed us to continue to support the increased traffic momentum in the stores that we are experiencing now. This helped us deliver against our plans to kickstart our stores and reengage our store-only guests. Here are some details on our performance.  
 Firstly, store productivity improved to 88% of our levels in 2019. This exceeded our expectation and moves us towards our goal to return to productivity levels consistent with 2019. Secondly, even as traffic to our stores increased significantly in the quarter, conversion remains strong and continues to increase in the double digits. And as a reminder, these capacity constraints are just starting to lift in many markets in this quarter.  
 Touching on MIRROR. We continue to be pleased with the performance of MIRROR and the opportunities within the at-home fitness space. MIRROR had a strong Mother's Day and remains on track to deliver $250 million to $275 million in revenue in 2021. We continue to leverage the lululemon ecosystem, and by the middle of this month, MIRROR will be featured in nearly 90 lululemon locations in the United States. We're well on our way to 200 shop-in-shops in time for the holidays later this year.  
 In addition, we now have dedicated MIRROR specialists among our educators in each of these stores, and the early sales results are encouraging. We will have more to share about MIRROR later in the year as we gear up for new features, add more live classes and expand into Canada, the first international market of several we will see in the future for MIRROR.  
 Switching now to our international growth. We continue to be very pleased with our results and our growth potential across our 3 regions of China, Asia Pacific and EMEA. Andre Maestrini has hit the ground running as he leads our international team and sets ambitious growth goals, and I look forward to having Andre join us in the future for a call.  
 From our new stores in China to continued growth in Asia Pacific to our online performance in EMEA, the results continue to reinforce that we are early in the growth trajectory. And as I have said before, I can see a time in the near future where our international business grows in size to be equal to our North America business.  
 In closing, I'm proud to share a few details about our latest impact initiatives, which helps us to achieve our multiyear goals, including our goal to make 100% of our products with sustainable materials and end-of-use solutions. We launched lululemon Like New last month, our first re-commerce program. This is a trade-in and resale program for our guests, and all of the profits are reinvested in our sustainability initiatives. We have launched in California and Texas, and the response is encouraging. This kind of program reduces carbon water and waste and also enables us to attract new guests, particularly younger guests who are fans of thrifting.  
 In the quarter, we also introduced our Earth Dye collection, which is made completely from materials upcycled from plants and uses less water, and is an example of the type of collections we're expanding in the future.  
 In closing, these results and our continued focus on innovation demonstrate our confidence in the future and how we can continue to pull the many levers of growth we have available to us. Let me now hand it over to Meghan for a review of our first quarter financials and our guidance outlook. Meghan? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. Our Q1 results were strong relative to last year's COVID-impacted quarter, but more importantly, relative to Q1 of 2019 as well. On a 2-year CAGR basis, we saw double-digit top line growth across all major regions, with the standout being Mainland China, with an approximately 90% 2-year revenue CAGR. We also saw broad-based strength across merchandise categories, with women's, men's and accessories all growing in excess of 20% on a 2-year basis. We are proud of these results despite the ongoing impact of COVID-19, and we have strong momentum moving into Q2 as reflected in our updated guidance I will share in a moment.  
 Let me now share with you the details of our Q1 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR, but exclude approximately $8 million of acquisition-related costs and their associated tax effects in Q1 2021, and $2 million of acquisition-related costs and their associated tax effects in Q1 2020. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics.  
 For Q1, total net revenue increased 88% to $1.2 billion, above our expectations of $1.1 billion to $1.13 billion. This included an 82% increase in North America and a 125% increase in our international business. On a 2-year CAGR basis, total revenue increased 25%. In our digital channel, revenues increased 61% on a 2-year CAGR basis, above our expectations of approximately 50% growth. e-comm contributed $545 million of top line or 44% of total revenue.  
 We continue to see strength in traffic and conversion. Traffic was driven by both new and existing guests, and conversion continues to benefit from positive guest response to the enhancements we've been making to our e-comm space and mobile app.  
 In our store channel, sales increased 3% on a 2-year CAGR basis, above our expectations of flat to slightly negative. Looking at store productivity relative to 2019, Q1 improved to 88% versus 71% in Q4 of 2020. At the end of the first quarter, we had 93% of our stores open. Square footage increased 10% versus last year, driven by the addition of 34 net new stores since Q1 of 2020. During the quarter, we opened 2 net new stores. Gross profit for the first quarter was $700 million or 57.1% of net revenue, compared to 51.3% of net revenue in Q1 2020 and 53.9% of net revenue in Q1 2019. Our gross margin increase of 320 basis points relative to 2019 was driven by 220 basis points of leverage on occupancy, depreciation and product team costs; an 80 basis point increase in product margin, with the decline in markdowns versus 2019 and despite higher airfreight expense related to COVID-19. In addition, we had 20 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange.  
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach continues to be granted in prudently managing our expenses while also continuing to strategically invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $497 million or 40.5% of net revenue compared to 46% of net revenue in Q1 2020 and 37.4% of net revenue in Q1 2019. Leverage in the quarter relative to Q1 2020 resulted from the sales increase relative to the COVID-impacted quarter last year. The deleverage relative to Q1 2019 is the result of consolidation of MIRROR's results this year, but not in 2019, coupled with higher depreciation due to accelerated investments to support our e-comm business and COVID-related operating channel costs. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $202 million, or 16.4% of net revenue compared to 5.3% of net revenue in Q1 2020 and 16.5% of net revenue in Q1 2019.  
 Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $49.5 million or 24.5% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 14.7% a year ago. In both Q1 2021 and Q1 2020, our tax rate benefited from certain discrete tax deductions related to stock-based compensation. However, since our Q1 2020 profit before tax was significantly lower due to the impact of COVID, this meant that these additional discrete tax deductions had a bigger impact on our tax rate last year.  
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $152 million or $1.16 per diluted share, compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.23 in Q1 of 2020 and $0.74 in Q1 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $64 million for the quarter compared to $52 million in the first quarter last year. Q1 spend relates primarily to digital channel and analytics capabilities, supply chain investment, technology spend to support our business growth and store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations.  
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with over $1.6 billion of total liquidity. We had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 17% versus last year and was $733 million at the end of Q1. On a 2-year CAGR basis, inventory in Q1 increased 29%. While we continue to see some delayed inventory receipts due to issues at the ports, our team is strategically using air freight, and we are comfortable with the level and composition of our inventory as we move into Q2.  
 At the end of Q2, we expect levels to increase approximately 25% to 30% relative to Q2 2020. In Q1, we repurchased 270,000 shares at an average price of $311. At the end of the quarter, we had $416 million of availability remaining on our current share repurchase authorization.  
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q2 and the full year 2021. Our guests continue to respond well to our merchandise offering, including both tactical and On The Move apparel and MIRROR. As we are welcoming guests back to our stores, we also remain focused on our digital business and omni capabilities to ensure we are there for our guests no matter how they want to engage with us. We also continue to plan for multiple operational scenarios as we navigate the ongoing COVID-19 environment.  
 For Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.33 billion, representing a 2-year CAGR of 21% to 23%. In terms of stores, we currently have approximately 93% of our stores open. On a 2-year CAGR basis, we expect stores to be approximately flat, with e-comm growing at approximately 55%. We expect gross margin in Q2 to increase from last year's COVID-impacted quarter and also be 30 to 50 basis points higher than Q2 of 2019. Relative to 2019, our gross margin is benefiting from a higher e-comm penetration. And leverage on occupancy and depreciation due to pulling back somewhat on new store openings in 2020 as well as the level of rent reductions.  
 Our Q2 guidance reflects continued pressure from air freight costs due to port congestion and capacity constraints. In Q2, we expect SG&A deleverage of approximately 400 basis points relative to 2019. Drivers of the deleverage versus 2019 include higher depreciation due to accelerated investments to support our e-commerce business in 2020 and 2021; consolidation of MIRROR's results this year, but not in 2019; and COVID-related costs, including labor for stores that remain closed.  
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $1.10 to $1.15 versus EPS of $0.74 a year ago. This includes operating results from MIRROR but excludes acquisition and integration-related costs. As a reminder, we reported EPS of $0.96 in Q2 of 2019. For the full year 2021, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $5.83 billion to $5.91 billion. This range continues to include $250 million to $275 million for MIRROR and now assumes our e-commerce business grows in the high single digits relative to the outsized strength we experienced in 2020.  
 For e-comm, we expect a modest decline in Q2 as we anniversary the height of COVID-related channel shifts and our online warehouse sale. And we continue to expect modest growth in Q3 and Q4.  
 When looking at total revenue, our guidance range implies a 2-year CAGR of 21% to 22%, which is higher than our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19% leading up to 2020 and is well ahead of the low teens CAGR contemplated in our Power of Three growth plan. We now expect to open 45 to 55 net new company-operated stores in 2021, up from our prior guidance of 40 to 50. This includes approximately 35 to 40 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the low teens.  
 We now expect gross margin for the year to expand between 150 to 200 basis points compared to the modest increase we saw in 2020. For the year, the anticipated margin expansion continues to include approximately 50 basis points of negative impact from additional freight costs, but it's still in excess of our Power of Three plan, which assumes modest gross margin expansion annually. The outperformance is expected to be driven primarily by a shift relative to our initial plans and investments from new store openings and remodels towards digital, which impacts SG&A.  
 When looking at SG&A for the full year, we now expect deleverage of 30 to 50 basis points versus 2020. Drivers of the deleverage continued to include consolidation of MIRROR for the full year and investment in MIRROR brand building. We expect our effective tax rate for the year to be similar to 2020. We now expect our fiscal year 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $6.73 to $6.86. Our EPS guidance continues to assume modest dilution from MIRROR in the 3% to 5% range, excluding acquisition and integration-related costs. It also excludes the impact of any future share repurchases.  
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $365 million to $375 million for 2021. The increase versus 2020 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations, including MIRROR shop and shops, as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects.  
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I want to thank our teams across the globe for their agility, enthusiasm and dedication to lululemon that allows us to deliver these consistently strong financial results.  
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan. Before we take your questions, I just want to say on behalf of the entire management team that we are grateful to our teams who helped us deliver these results, you who are helping us raise our expectation about what's possible for lululemon this year and well into the future.  
 And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And congratulations on the great start to the year and the momentum continuing. Calvin, my first question is for you. It's about, as you become a global brand and now you have MIRROR and you're investing in that for marketing, are there any change in how you philosophically think about the marketing, the advertising expense line, demand creation, so to speak? 
 And when we're thinking about MIRROR, how should we think about the slight dilution coming in the form of increased ad spend? And when might we, in the future, think about sort of a breakeven notion? I guess, another way of asking sort of that probably more simply is when you are building the brand for MIRROR, do you think about investing for top line growth first and maybe not necessarily prioritizing profits given that there's so much opportunity there? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. I'll try to compartmentalize that question because there's a lot of exciting topics embedded in that. Overall, from a brand perspective, I would tell you, as I highlighted with our Run campaign in this quarter, it's one of many ways we're looking at increasing both awareness and consideration for lululemon moving forward. And that applies to all markets we're in, both U.S., Canada and internationally. And Nikki and the team are in a variety of different initiatives this year where we're testing and learning ways to do more at top of funnel. That's all included in the guidance that Meghan shared. 
 But we are excited about the different initiatives we have planned because we see a huge opportunity around driving awareness and consideration, both for men's as well as women and in every market we're in, and we're going to lean in and do more of that. And the Run campaign is an example of us marketing ourselves more as a dual gender, showcasing both men and women, as well as leveraging our ambassadors, our community and the influencers and those key relationships. So there's a lot of work underway, and we absolutely see the ability to drive awareness consideration for lululemon. 
 Similarly, in MIRROR, there's a lot of opportunity around awareness and consideration. That's where we see leveraging synergies within lululemon in the stores and leveraging the 10 million guests that the brand has to help drive that. And we know we're investing as an acquisition vehicle to get guests in and purchase MIRROR. And that's in the guidance as well, but we'll continue to do that. 
 Fast forward, these brands are going to continue to be able to leverage one another, and we see synergies in the community. We see synergies in refer a friend. We see synergies across the ambassadors and the content that we're producing. So we're early in how we bring awareness across both brands to each other brand and excited about what we're seeing in the plans we have moving forward. And I'll let Meghan just pick up a little bit on your question around the investments. 
Meghan Frank: Hi, Adrienne. So in terms of the investments and the path to breakeven, so we were really pleased by what we saw with MIRROR performance in 2020, and it exceeded our expectations for sales at $170 million. And then we're reiterating our guidance for -- or our guidance color for MIRROR for 2021, revenue range of $2.50 to $2.75, and EPS dilution of 3% to 5%. And we have a number of exciting initiatives teed up for this year, including expanding instructors, expanding studios, moving into Canada. And then going into over 200 lululemon stores. It's still early in the year for us just given the seasonality of that business, the ramp in store openings as well as just that growth curve we're experiencing in the MIRROR business. We did have a strong Mother's Day, pleased with that performance. 
 And in terms of breakeven, we aren't putting a fine point on it right now. But excited about the future there. Definitely see it as a profitable business for us over the longer-term and very much within our control. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Unknown Analyst: Yes. This is Kate on for Ike. Calvin, I guess, just at a higher level. You spoke to, in the quarter, the business accelerating with a 25% CAGR, I believe, on a 2-year basis versus what you were running pre pandemic. I'm just curious now that we're that much further along in the recovery, how you are evaluating perhaps a widening TAM opportunity on the other side of COVID? That would be helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Kate. I definitely -- and as I've stated before, we were performing well before the pandemic. I think we led the peer group during the pandemic, and we're excited about the performance, and confidence in our ability to continue to perform post pandemic. And that's driven by the sustainable acceleration in consumer trends of living a healthier life, versatile apparel, at-home sweat and the connection of community and community sweat, all play into our strengths. 
 And we're early innings of growth. This quarter is a great example of that. Growth across channels, stores and dot com, stores -- growth across categories, across gender, men and women in our geographies. So very much early innings on that. And as that impacts and relates to TAM, MIRROR, by addition, creates a sizable TAM for us that we're excited about. We're investing in because we see a meaningful business there, a profitable business, a stand-alone P&L that equally will impact the lululemon brand through strengthening the community and helping to influence and drive apparel sales. So that clearly is one addition to our TAM that we're excited about and we've added to. 
 And then I think with sweat, in general, we're seeing ongoing trends. Our positioning around Run, Yoga, and Train continue to resonate and be the key activities. We have versatility and see some excitement in hike as well as OTM. And OTM for her, we're just getting started. We know it's a good business for our men's business as we're building and adding. But we really have a limited OTM assortment for her, and we are leaning into that. We have dropped some with a real plan to continue to grow that out. 
 So I would say OTM for women's, MIRROR and then you know we're bringing footwear next year are 3 sizable TAM opportunities that we're adding to the ongoing mix of what the trend in the guest is happening and adding to the overall growth in activewear. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the strong start here. Maybe just to start off to follow up on, Calvin, the comments you were just making on the OTM. I guess maybe just from a marketing standpoint, I mean there's been a lot of innovation with the On The Move assortment, and that would seem to be particularly relevant I guess today, as guests are returning to travel and in-person activities. Just can you speak a little bit more about how you plan to amplify that message, both with existing guests as well as for new guest acquisition? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure, Mark. And I'll break it down from product and then into women's -- sorry, men's and then as to women. So with our men, we continue to innovate into our raw material as well as some of our key franchises. So building out on our ABC and commuter, we've added the Bowline, which we continue to see respond very well and see growth in that. As we do more top of market -- top-of-funnel activity through marketing and drive that awareness and consideration, we know OTM is one of our big hooks that gets him into the brand, and then we migrate them into the sweat and into other categories. So I think that flywheel is working, is gaining momentum. And as we continue to invest top of funnel, we'll only pick up steam. 
 On the women's side of OTM, it really starts with product for us. And we have limited assortment. And when we drop it, she responds incredibly well to it. We're excited about our ongoing expansion of our bottoms more into the OTM casual off the body fit. We're excited about our sweater initiatives in the back half and we're excited about '22 and beyond as we really look to create versatile solutions for those slots in her wardrobe. And that, I think we absolutely have an opportunity to tap into our existing guest and sell those incremental opportunities to her. 
 So with women, it's really about assortment, and we're early with plans to expand. And with him, we're going to keep adding and innovating, but we have a good base to start, and top-of-funnel activity will help fuel that even further. 
Mark Altschwager: And then for Meghan, as we think about the path to recovery, is it your expectation that the store productivity can return to pre-pandemic levels or even grow from pre-pandemic levels? Or is some of this channel shift permanent? And a lot of different regional trends that are embedded in the productivity metric you shared, just maybe any insight you can share on some of the trends in regions that have perhaps had restrictions relaxed for the longest? 
Meghan Frank: Sure. Thanks, Mark. So we were really pleased with the improvement we saw in store productivity in Q1, at 88% versus 71% in Q4. We did see improvement as capacity restrictions moderated throughout the quarter. And we do fully expect to achieve 2019 levels of store productivity. At this point in time, we're not going to put a time frame on it, just given ongoing uncertainties related to COVID. And we still have a level of store closures in play at this point in time, but we're really encouraged by trends we're seeing in our store base. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats again on the momentum. So maybe first is on the margin front. So on gross margin, first quarter, more than 300 basis points above 2019. I guess, maybe could you just help bridge drivers in the second quarter forecast that you're embedding relative to 2019? And just any back half assumptions for us to consider as we think about the gross margin line through the cadence of the year? 
Meghan Frank: Sure, Matt. So in terms of Q1, and this is relative to 2019, we had 320 basis points of expansion versus our initial expectation of 50 to 100. That 320 basis points was driven by 220 basis points of occupancy and depreciation and product team, leverage really on that higher sales achievement. And then 80 basis points increase in product margin. We did see some good trends relative to 2019 in markdown rates. And we also did experience some pressure, as we've discussed, on higher air freight expense. And then we had 20 basis points of favorability in FX. 
 When we look to Q2, again, relative to 2019, we are looking for 30 to 50 basis points of expansion relative to 2019 and really, we are expecting continued headwinds in air freight. And then we have some level of rent concessions that we're anniversary-ing from last year. And then our Q2 revenue growth rate is slightly lower than Q1, leading to that delta. 
 In terms of the full year, we've given some color relative to 2020. So we're expecting, for the full year, 150 to 200 basis points expansion versus last year, and that is up from our prior expectation of 100 to 150 basis points. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up for Calvin. On the outsized growth that you're seeing in e-commerce relative to the sequential improvement that you're also seeing at brick-and-mortar, I guess, any changes in consumer preferences that you saw take place over the first quarter? Or maybe into May, as we think by category, maybe tied more to recovery, the return of sport and some physical activity relative to the lifestyle side as maybe people are thinking about or actually leaving their houses and returning to some normal activity? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Great. Thanks, Matt. As we shared, our active -- what we define as our active wear was still the predominant driver of our business last year. It's the core of our assortment, and it was the core of our drivers in Q1. It was good to see our men's business come back as strong as it did. We saw it continue to accelerate through 2020 and into 2021 in the quarter and then get back to its position of driving the overall growth ahead of -- slightly ahead of women's. And that was really all through the sweat activity. Shorts performed incredibly well. And we did see an uptick in OTM and very encouraged with that momentum continuing. 
 And then with her, again, active wear was the driver, very balanced across all of our categories. Shorts and tops, did see a very nice acceleration in growth. The team has been doing a lot of work in our top business, building out our franchises, which is a big part of our franchise strategies that I've shared with everybody that we are early in taking the franchise of our bottoms and extending that feel state through Science of Feel, head to toe. Align tank being an example of one, but we have not done that consistently across the others, and we're starting to and when we do see, responds incredibly well. So our tops business really performed nicely as well as shorts, but it was very much balanced across all categories, men's and women's and geography. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow-up on Mark's question. He was talking about store productivity returning to 2019 levels. And I wanted to ask about the store profitability. You made some further progress there in the first quarter. Is there any reason why the store margins wouldn't get back to 2019 and perhaps surpass them as you move back toward 100% productivity? 
Meghan Frank: Hi Lorraine, it's Meghan. Yes, I think we are still dealing with a degree of COVID-related expense in our store channel as well as the pressure from productivity, so store COVID-related labor as well as PPE. And I don't expect there's any barriers to reaching 2019 store profitability levels once the productivity is normalized. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice progress. Calvin, part of the Power of Three and what you've talked about is international, and it sounds as if the international opportunity could be even a little bit -- occur a little bit faster than expected, with the sizing that you talked about and also now with category expansion. How do you size up international? 
 And any learnings from what you've seen in any of the regions you're currently in, even though small, that could be impactful for growth going forward? 
 And lastly, as you talked about COVID costs -- you mentioned COVID costs, how do you see those adjusting or winding down moving forward? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Dana. I'll take international and then hand off to Meghan on the COVID expenses. Obviously, I think the numbers indicate the potential that we have internationally. And I think for the last few calls, I've shared the long-term opportunity of this brand, this business being 50-50 North America-international. And I don't see anything that's going to prevent us from achieving those results. We're seeing good growth in every market. In EMEA, we continue to see growth even with the pressure on stores because our dot com business continued to drive growth. And in every market, we're in Australia, New Zealand or rest of APAC, very solid momentum in China being one of our biggest potentials and continue to see momentum in there. We were up 200% in the quarter, strong growth in stores, strong growth in dot com and excited about that. 
 So our commitment was to quadruple the business. We are definitely achieving those results and excited to share the next future of growth as we continue to see the maturity of these markets and invest in them. We're in the right markets. And we're early in terms of our share potential in these. So we're really leaning in and focused on maintaining and growing the momentum in these markets. And then with Andre, we'll be able to come back on a later call and share the future plans for continuing to drive growth. And then, Meghan? 
Meghan Frank: Great. Hi, Dana. So in terms of COVID costs, we are beginning to see those wind down. It will really be dependent on the environment. We remain committed to our Power of Three growth plan, operating profit growth in excess of sales growth and really focused on managing our business to that. We did see operating margins for Q1 at 16.4%, which compared to 16.5% in Q1 of 2019. This year's Q1 included MIRROR. So we saw, underlying that, some really nice expansion in lululemon -- in the lululemon side of the business and really on track to that Power of Three growth plan. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious about input costs, what you're seeing and how we should think about AUC over the next several quarters and into next year? And also just how you're thinking about pricing in a potentially inflationary environment? 
Meghan Frank: Hey Paul, it's Meghan. So in terms of input costs, we're not seeing any material impact on 2021. And anything we are experiencing is reflected in our guidance. We definitely have a close eye on the market and are managing and mitigating any pressures as we move into 2021 -- sorry, 2022, and we'll certainly come back and share more when we provide 2022 color. 
Calvin McDonald: And then just adding on to that, Paul, as it relates to pricing, because we're not seeing any direct pressure this year, we're comfortable with our pricing strategy through to the end of '21 and the merchants are working with the supply team on any potential changes that we may need to implement moving into '22. But we're constantly evaluating our range, looking at the new innovation coming and pricing accordingly to drive the best value for our guests. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. And can you just talk about your ability to chase product. Just given some supply chain constraints that were mentioned, I'm just curious how quickly you can get back into product. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, definitely. So inventory was certainly one area where we postured to drive for growth, both throughout 2020 as we navigated the pandemic and then into 2021. The team has been really proactive in strategically leveraging air freight to meet guest demand. And we do have the ability to chase categories and keeping a close eye on what's going on with the supply chain, but we feel really well positioned to navigate through this year and meet guest demand. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to just ask the question Matt asked, but a slightly different way. As consumers are starting to emerge and go out, are you seeing a shift in the kinds of products they're buying, let's say, particularly in the April, May time frame? 
 And then a question for Meghan on SG&A. Obviously, this year, you've given some guidance color, which is super helpful, and you're looking for some deleverage relative to 2019 for MIRROR and the other factors that you cited. I'm just wondering if we should think about you starting to leverage SG&A beginning in 2022, if that's a realistic expectation. 
 And I'm just trying to sort through the COVID cost here this year to understand how much of the COVID costs will not recur in 2022? And I think you're putting some store payroll that will be recurring into your COVID costs. So if you could maybe separate that out for us, that would be helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Kimberly, I'll go first and just pick up on the first question. We have not seen a meaningful shift in our active wear categories through the first quarter. As you know, a big piece of our business and sales are in core. It's in athletic active wear. And I think with that, it has an embedded strength to not be purely trend-driven or fashion-driven. 
 He and she are responding well to color. The team's done a wonderful job in introducing color into these core franchises in silhouettes. But our active wear sweats, shorts and tops have really been the uptick in momentum. But overall, the growth is across almost every category equally and very balanced across geographies. 
Meghan Frank: Kimberly, I'll take the second part of that question. So in terms of SG&A, we're expecting for the full year 30 to 50 basis points of deleverage, which is better than our prior expectation of 50 to 100 basis points. And that deleverage is really driven by consolidation of MIRROR for the full year as well as investment behind that business. And then a rebalancing of investments we did in 2020 into 2021, with the acceleration of our e-commerce business, which the expenses are attributed to SG&A and some pullback on the store side of which occupancy sits up in gross margin. 
 We're really focused on managing the business from a bottom-line perspective and managing operating profit in excess of sales growth. We are not going to break out the COVID cost specifically, but really remain committed to managing to that operating profit in excess of sales growth over the longer term. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask a follow-up on the real estate, the decision to accelerate some of those new store openings. What's giving you the confidence there? Is it real estate opportunities? Is it market opportunities? Are you going to use the newer kind of bigger store format that has more room for men? Is the primary format you're using? And then I have a follow-up on MIRROR. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Okay, Omar, let me address the first. I think it's a combination of all the above. We've stated and remain very confident in our store business, in its performance, in its contribution and the role it plays of connecting the brand, guest acquisition and driving productivity numbers. And we've seen nothing through the pandemic and emerging coming out that would get us off of that position. We equally are very early in every market in our store fleet rollout. So we do have opportunity for growth in every market, including Canada and the U.S. as well as internationally. 
 So we apply a conservative number on an annual basis, and we are being opportunistic as a result with the opportunities in around the globe where we're getting key locations with the right size in key cities and markets as a result of opportunities that are coming our way. And we're capturing them because we believe in them. And in that, it is our newer models that allow for more of a men and expression, but it's not significantly above sort of our sweet spot of stores, and it does vary by market, in the 3,000 to 4,000 range or the 5,000 to 6,000 range in North America, but it depends on the city and the location, but very -- still confident in our store business. 
Omar Saad: Got it. And then on MIRROR, I just want to do a quick follow-up on MIRROR. Who is buying MIRROR? Is it -- are you seeing a consistent use case? Is it people who already have a home gym and they're mack daddy-ing it out with adding MIRROR to it? Or is it people who are trying to squeeze in with their existing space and it's such an efficient kind of interactive home workout solution? I'd love some color there. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure. And I'd say it's -- again, it's all the above. We're seeing individuals that have a number of at-home fitness solutions, and they add MIRROR as a versatile workout solution to round that out. And it definitely caters well to individuals that don't have a distinct gym, who may not have a stud to attach a device to and want something that can function both in a space that is versatile and sweat. 
 And we're equally seeing a nice overlap with lululemon guests, but interestingly, a large number of non-lululemon guests owning MIRROR. So that's where we get excited as we as we build out the synergies of having a lululemon guest buy into a MIRROR and have the MIRROR guest buy into lululemon as their sweat solutions. But there is really a versatility in who's buying it, how they're using it. And the fundamental opportunity is unlocking these synergies, which we're just getting started as we're able to tap into the stores now that we're emerging out of the pandemic and drive the awareness for the product. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: So hey, sorry about that. Congrats on the big guidance increase in the top and bottom line. I guess, Meghan, if you look at where the business is operating from a P&L perspective, if I were to take out the high end of MIRROR revenue guidance and maybe the midpoint of the dilution, you'd be somewhere around a 23% operating margin, which -- for the core business, which is above -- comfortably above where it was in 2019. Can you just talk to the long-term upside to the margin potential for the core business, particularly as the store level margins, which you talked about earlier, recover to previous levels? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, John. So as you mentioned, we are headed towards a very healthy operating margin for lululemon-only for the full year, which is in line really with our Analyst Day expectations of operating profit and growth in excess of sales growth. We're really focused on managing that for the long term. And as we look towards the future, investing behind growth opportunities in order to maximize our top and bottom line. So we're maintaining that commitment, and we are firmly on track to those Analyst Day targets, which were really grounded in growth rates. So we'll continue on that trajectory, and we'll update our beyond 2023 plans at the appropriate time. 
Operator: That is all the time that we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-03-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, this is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Inc. Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Sun Choe, Chief Product Officer; Meghan Frank, CFO; and Alex Grieve, VP and Controller. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which in nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During the call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. In addition, the comparable sales and store productivity metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Howard. I'm excited to be with you today. I'm proud of how lululemon navigated this past year and delivered for our employees, guests and shareholders. I believe 2020 has been a pinnacle moment for lululemon as we developed and delivered exciting new innovations that create even more opportunities for us into the future. Our continued growth demonstrates our ability to win, both before, during and after COVID-19. 
 Our business has many strengths and growth opportunities. We are just in the early innings of our potential. In fact, the pandemic has accelerated our progress and the opportunities we have within each of our Power of Three growth initiatives. 
 Over the course of today's call, we'll discuss our strong performance in the fourth quarter and the full year, and we'll also share our road map for 2021. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Sun Choe, our Chief Product Officer, who will provide an update on our product innovations; Meghan Frank, our Chief Financial Officer, who will speak to our fourth quarter financials and offer our guidance outlook for quarter 1 and the fiscal year of 2021; and Alex Grieve, our Controller, will also be available to answer any questions that you may have during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Let me start now by looking at 2020. Last year was another good reminder of the strength of our core product assortment. Even as guest apparel needs evolve throughout the year, our positioning around technical athletic product remained extremely relevant. People will always want to sweat and stay active, and our focus on innovative performance fabrics will continue to deliver unique solutions. We continue to execute against our growth plans, culminating with several notable wins in the fourth quarter. Meghan will share the financial metrics with you, but I wanted to give you a couple of highlights. 
 Starting with our e-commerce performance, which grew 92% on top of 41% growth in the previous year. We grew our women's business by nearly 20%, fueled by strong performance across all categories. And our international revenues grew 47% with growth across all regions, indicating just how well our brand translates across cultures and geographies. When looking at the full year, a few accomplishments really stand out for me. We grew total revenue by 11% in 2020 and with our second half growth accelerating to 23%, in the full year, we more than doubled our e-commerce business. We continue to bring product innovation to our guests, including a relaunch of our Everlux fabric, our recent launch of DrySense as well as further strengthening our assortment in our key activities of run, train and yoga. The guest response was very strong across all these product initiatives, and we'll continue to strengthen our pipeline of innovation in 2021 and beyond. 
 We gained market share over the course of the fiscal year, as indicated by our nearly 1 point gain in retailer market share of the adult activewear market in the U.S. according to the NPD Group consumer tracking service. This was our largest annual share gain in recent history and was driven by gains in both men's and women's. We led powerfully through COVID-19, providing pay protection to our employees, creating our ambassador relief fund and honoring our financial commitments to both landlords and vendors. We successfully completed the MIRROR acquisition. We accelerated our work related to inclusion, diversity and equity. We released our first Impact Agenda, which details our goals related to how we will create positive change to support people, create access to well-being and our sustainability initiatives. And we achieved all of this and strengthened our financial position, ending the year with $1.2 billion of cash. 
 When looking back at 2020, the fundamental drivers of our performance have been the same for the past 3 years, and the pandemic has only accelerated their importance in the lives of our guests. In addition, the trends that existed before the pandemic are even more important now and will only continue to grow post the pandemic. For example, people wanting to live an active and healthy lifestyle, combined with the growth in demand for technical athletic apparel that performs, and finally, the innate need to feel part of a community and to share a human connection with one another. 
 Even with these growing trends, you might have expected our on-the-move and casual products to have had a compelling impact on our success in 2020. However, that was not the case. In fact, our product design for performance represented approximately 67% of our total merchandise mix last year, which was a 4 point increase in penetration from the previous year. We keep creating unique and differentiated product solutions for our guests and their evolving needs. This success in developing technical innovation is guided by our proprietary Science of Feel platform. Consumer and health trends are only increasing, and we are in the early innings of our growth potential across channels, across regions, across genders and across activities. 
 So let's look at the year ahead. The foundational strategies of our Power of Three growth plan remain unchanged and continue to drive the innovation across the business. I'll now touch on our plans for stores, e-commerce, product, international and MIRROR. Our stores and the physical connection they provide to our guests remain incredibly important to us and are an integral part of our omnivision. In 2021, we'll be implementing a number of exciting initiatives, starting with the initiative to kickstart our stores. As operating constraints are removed, our teams are focused on accelerating our store productivity. We have a number of guests that only shop our stores, and we are focused on reengaging with them at the frequency they shopped with us before COVID-19. 
 In addition, we have a significant number of new guests who engaged with us for the first time online last year. We are focused on extending our omni-relationship with them so they can more fully experience the brand and community connection our stores offer. 
 We will also be expanding our store base. We continue to be underpenetrated from a brick-and-mortar perspective across all our markets, including North America and around the world. We benefit considerably from the agile retail formats. And in 2021, we will fully leverage this strength, opening 40 to 50 new mainline lululemon locations globally. And finally, we will continue to enhance our omni-capabilities. 
 I'm excited to build upon the success of these new strategies we've rolled out towards the end of last year, including curbside pickup, virtual waitlist and the appointment shopping. These became guest favorites that elevated our in-store experience and demonstrated an area of opportunity going forward. I look forward to sharing more with you next quarter as Celeste Burgoyne and her team demonstrate the power of our stores. 
 2020 was an outstanding year for our e-commerce business as guest behavior accelerated. As a result, we are now able to reevaluate how high is high for our digital growth, especially in our international markets. 2020 has reset our expectations for what is possible. For example, our digital comps more than doubled for the full year and grew 92% in the fourth quarter, driven by a healthy combination of increases in traffic and conversion. These results were significantly ahead of our initial expectations and enabled us to achieve, 3 years early, our 2023 goal of doubling our e-commerce revenue from 2018 levels. We now have a very meaningful e-commerce business that is driving both new guest acquisition as well as strengthening our omni-guest relationships. Our channel investments will continue to focus on elevating the guest experience and further strengthening our foundation while we also test and learn new capabilities. 
 The relationship we have with our guests in-store is unique and special for our brand. And our e-commerce vision is to create our online version of that relationship as well. Specifically, in 2021, our key e-commerce strategies are to elevate the guest experience by introducing more immersive category and franchise shops, investing in our product details page and enhancing our storytelling to bring the Science of Feel to life with new types of content and creative. We will continue to drive conversion by continuing to optimize the guest experience with further enhancements to search, browse, checkout, personalization and payment methods. We will accelerate our investments into the strength of our international business as we expand our omni-capabilities and localize the guest experience through local payment and delivery options. And we will keep investing to scale our foundation and enhance the guest experience by evolving our BOPUS and curb pickup capabilities, piloting same-day delivery from our stores in 9 key markets and refining and scaling our digital educator program. 
 Turning now to product. I couldn't be more excited with the pipeline and innovation the teams have untapped for 2021 and beyond. As I mentioned, we launched several new items last year: a combination of new fabrics, additional offerings in our key activities as well as ongoing enhancements to our core assortments. What's exciting about our product launch strategies is that they are bigger than just any single item. These launches, whether new franchise opportunities or strengthening our position within our key activities, provide significant future growth opportunities that we will keep innovating on. Building upon this momentum, in 2021, we will continue to leverage the Science of Feel platform to bring new technical solves across our assortments for both men and women. We are launching our Dual-Gender Run campaign this week. We're also introducing new tops within Train and On The Move. We are further expanding our core franchises, including Align and we are building towards the early 2022 launch of our technical footwear, which will allow us to provide guests with head-to-toe solutions. We expect another strong year of growth in 2021, with exciting launches planned across men's, women's, key categories and activities, all driven through innovation. We will have more to share with you as the year proceeds, and Sun will speak to you further in just a moment. 
 I would now like to shift to our business outside of North America. In 2020, our international revenues grew 31%, and we remain on track to quadruple the business from 2018 levels in 2023. At only 14% penetration, we are in the very early days of our journey outside of North America. The growth is incredibly strong and we are showing how well our brand translates across cultures and geographies. 
 Our key 2021 strategies include organizing into 3 regions, led by our new EVP of International, Andre Maestrini. The regions, EMEA, Asia Pacific and China, each have respected regional leaders with clear accountability and responsibility for driving distinct growth plans. In EMEA, this includes building upon the strong online growth in 2020 as well as leaning into key markets such as Germany and the United Kingdom. In Asia Pacific, the opportunities include growing in critical markets such as Korea and Japan and in our long-established market of Australia and New Zealand. And in China, we will open our largest number of new stores this year, with the goal of adding 15 to 20 stores across both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities in the mainland. The health and wellness trend is growing in this market, yet remains nascent. So there are considerable opportunities ahead for us. 
 And on a regional basis, similar to how we currently operate in North America, we'll have a singular view of inventory by the end of the year. Not only will this enable us to leverage inventory across channels, but it will pave the way for the implementation of transactional omni-capabilities, starting with ship-from-store in the U.K. and Australia by the end of the year. I look forward to having Andre join us on some upcoming calls. 
 I will now turn to the newest member of the family, MIRROR. We are very pleased with the performance of MIRROR in quarter 4 and over the course of the entire year as well. MIRROR generated approximately $170 million in revenue in 2020, including the period prior to our acquisition. 
 I'm excited about the long-term outlook for the at-home sweat industry. We started the process to purchase MIRROR before the global pandemic began because we believe in the opportunity to strengthen our community, further connect with our guests in their homes and provide new solutions for their workout needs. I don't expect the pandemic tailwinds to disappear once mass vaccinations have occurred. Guests were seeking more convenient at-home options before COVID-19, and they will continue to seek these options post the pandemic. And simply put, MIRROR is the most versatile at-home fitness platform available on the market today. We offer more live classes across more workouts than any other product. And our guests are responding with more than 2 users per household and the average member taking over 6 different types of workouts each month. This versatility drives frequent engagement and truly positions MIRROR as having something for everyone within every household. This unique position will continue to translate into meaningful growth as we strengthen our member relations, further engage with our community and drive financial performance. And we plan to continue to invest further into this advantage by adding even more live classes across more workout options while also investing in the overall guest experience in building this powerful community. 
 I would like now to share some of our key 2021 MIRROR strategies, starting with studios. We are adding 2 more production studios so that by the end of the year, we will have 3 studios allowing us to triple the number of live classes compared to our current offering. We now have 15 instructors on MIRROR with plans to add up to 7 more across multiple workout activities and all instructors are lululemon ambassadors. We'll continue to launch community engagement initiatives. We recently added the Community Camera feature, allowing members and instructors to see each other during the workout. This month, we added the Face-off feature, which allows 2 members to compete head-to-head during the class. We are kicking off our international expansion plans, starting with Canada, launching in time for the holiday period this year. And we will continue to leverage the lululemon ecosystem to raise awareness for MIRROR which remains one of our biggest opportunities. We will expand our shop-in-shop strategy to more than 200 locations in North America this year. We have many more exciting guest-facing innovations plan that we'll share throughout the year. Brin Putnam and her team at MIRROR continue to drive these exciting results and initiatives. I'm very pleased with the performance of MIRROR, a business that launched only 3 years ago. We see the opportunity to strategically invest in the business further by continuing to innovate the guest experience, drive guest acquisition and leverage the lululemon ecosystem for further market expansions. Meghan will provide some additional financial detail in a few moments, but we're anticipating another year of strong growth for MIRROR, with revenue expected to increase 50% to 65% to $250 million to $275 million in 2021. 
 Let me now turn it over to Sun. But before I do, I want to acknowledge the incredible work this team continues to create. I'm proud of how Sun and the team adjusted plans this past year to ensure a strong flow of product newness in 2020. In March and April last year, our teams reevaluated and reflowed our merchandise buys for the second half of the year. We continue to bring in new innovation to our guests while we leaned into our core styles and reduced the more seasonal elements of the assortment. Looking forward, we're using our learnings from last year to inform future buys. I'm excited with our product strategies that include an increased flow of newness and technical innovations relative to last year. Sun, over to you. 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Calvin. I'm happy to be here to share details regarding our product innovation road map for the year ahead. 2020 was a great year for us from an innovation standpoint, but it wasn't perfect as we were forced to navigate the COVID-19 environment. We have significant opportunity in 2021 to increase our cadence of innovation. Our product team will continue to bring to market merchandise that is technical, while also offering the versatility that our guests demand as they add new dimensions to the way they live the sweat life. We continue to leverage our Science of Feel innovation platform to solve guests' unmet needs and drive expansion in our 4 major product areas across Run, Train, Yoga and On The Move.
 Last year, while guests adapted to the new normal of working and sweating from home, their desire for technical athletic apparel that seamlessly transitions with them from activity to activity remains strong, and we delivered. Highlights include a relaunch of our proprietary Everlux fabric in new styles, expanding our Align franchise into tops with the launch of the Align Tank and for the first time, we offered some of our best-performing styles in a more inclusive size range. 
 In men's, we saw particular strength in shorts with our 3 core styles, the T.H.E., Surge and Pace Breaker, all performing well throughout the year. Also exciting is our recent launch of the License to Train shorts. This short expands our train offering for men, is made from abrasion-resistant fabric and is suitable for many types of sweaty pursuits, including weight training and trail running. Guest response has been strong, and the License To Train shorts is helping grow our big 3 core shorts for men into the big 4. 
 In Q4, our guests responded well to our holiday merchandise offerings, which included special edition products across our highly coveted Wunder Under and Align franchises in women's and our City Sweat and In My franchises for men. We saw broad-based strength across all of our major merchandise categories with high teens revenue growth in women's, men's and accessories. 
 Drilling down a bit, outerwear, shorts, bras, underwear and equipment were particularly strong classifications, all experiencing revenue growth in excess of the high teens. Our men's business continued to strengthen with Q4 being our strongest quarter of the year. The resurgence we saw in our fixed waistband bottom towards the end of Q3 continued and as men generally prefer to shop our brick-and-mortar channel, we look for further strengthening as our stores remain open and capacity constraints subside. 
 Let me shift gears and share some highlights on our product outlook for 2021. We firmly believe that the desire to live an active and healthy lifestyle has only strengthened over the last year. Our apparel, developed under the Science of Feel innovation lens, is designed to offer technical solve while also providing versatility and comfort. This positions us extremely well as our guests continue to find new ways to sweat now and in the future. 
 Looking forward, we have plenty of innovation on the way for 2021, and we have hit the ground running. In Q1, we made some major moves in men's tops with 2 very exciting franchises, the Fundamental T and DrySense. The Fundamental top, which comes in long sleeve, short sleeve and sleeveless, offers a perfect combination of technicality and comfort. The fabric offers stretch, abrasion resistance, anti-stink and quick dry, all while having a cottony soft feel on the skin. While we made the short to expand our On The Move assortment, the versatility of the design also makes it perfect for hikes, runs, cross-training and other sweaty pursuits. 
 Our DrySense franchise expands our train assortment and offers unique solutions for our guests through exceptional moisture wicking and additional technical features, including underarm gussets for increased mobility, a locker loop for easy hanging and the polyester component of the fabric is completely recycled. 
 In women, we'll continue to bring technical solves across our major categories of Run, Train, Yoga and On The Move. In Q1, we further leveraged our Align franchise and we now offer pockets in both long and short styles. Guests loved this added feature to our #1 pant franchise and response in the launch has been fantastic. I'm also excited with the recent launch of our Swift Speed running tight. It's made from a proprietary Luxtreme fabric, which offers low friction, is breathable, wicks sweat and is cool to the touch. In addition, there are no inseams which provides for a distraction-free run. 
 Later this year, we'll be launching our new high support bras, solving from movement management during runs and beyond. The air support bra is made with our proprietary Untralu fabric for a barely-there feel and was developed with insights from your signature movement experience that measured guest's unique movement profiles. 
 We're also excited to reveal our special accessories capsule featuring Mylo, an infinitely renewable mycelium that highlights the role sustainable innovation can play in the future of fashion and retail. 
 In closing, I'm thrilled that our Science of Feel innovation platform, which has fueled our momentum for the past several years, has only gotten stronger. Our brand is perfectly positioned to help our guests live into the sweat life any way they choose as our product not only offers technicality, but also comfort, versatility and beauty. Our pipeline of innovation for the coming year is robust, and we're already off to a strong start. I'd like to thank our product teams across the globe for their unwavering dedication to finding new technical solves for our guests and their invaluable contribution to our strong financial results. And now over to Meghan to take you through our financials. Meghan? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Sun. We are proud of our 2020 results in a challenging environment and are entering 2021 in a strong financial position. We pivoted our investments in 2020 to ensure we were prepared for multiple operational scenarios over our peak holiday period. The fourth quarter was impacted by more COVID-19-related store closures and capacity constraints than we originally anticipated. And we were pleased to deliver revenue growth of 24%, ahead of our expectations. 
 In looking at 2021, we're excited about our momentum headed into the year and the opportunities in front of us. And we expect our top line growth to exceed the annual targets as laid out in our Power of Three growth plan. Also, as Calvin mentioned, we're very pleased with the performance of MIRROR, which has exceeded our initial expectations and we have made the strategic decision to continue investing in innovation and building brand awareness to drive the long-term value of the MIRROR business. This will have near-term implications for SG&A, but I will touch on it further in a moment. 
 Let me share with you the details of our Q4 performance. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted Q4 financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR but excludes $7.8 million of acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effect. You can refer to our earnings release for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q4, total net revenue increased 24% to $1.7 billion, above our expectations for a mid-to-high teens increase. This included a 21% increase in North America and a 47% increase in our international business. In our digital channel, we posted a 92% comp increase on top of a 41% increase last year. e-com contributed approximately $900 million of top line or 52% of total revenue. We continue to see notable strength in traffic and conversion. Traffic was driven by channel shift, coupled with investments in digital marketing, and conversion continues to benefit from guest response to our product and the investments we've made in our global digital platform to improve guest experience. 
 In our store channel, we had 88% of our stores open on average and saw productivity of 71% of last year's volume, in line with our expectations. Square footage increased 11% versus last year, driven by the addition of 30 net new stores since Q4 of 2019. During the quarter, we opened 6 net new stores and completed 9 planned optimizations. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was approximately $1 billion or 58.6% of net revenue compared to 58% of net revenue in Q4 2019. Our gross margin increase of 60 basis points was driven by 190 basis points of leverage on occupancy, depreciation and product team costs and 20 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange. This was partially offset by an 80 basis point decrease in product margin, primarily due to higher airfreight costs related to COVID-19 and higher markdowns, and 70 basis points of deleverage on DC costs, predominantly related to COVID-19. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach in the current environment has been to prudently manage our expenses while also ensuring we continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $545 million or 31.5% of net revenue compared to 28.2% of net revenue in Q4 2019. The deleverage in the quarter resulted predominantly from marketing investment associated with MIRROR, coupled with the impact of store closures, capacity constraints and COVID-19-related costs, partially offset by leverage on corporate overhead due to our 2020 expense reduction initiatives and strength of our top line. Foreign exchange also had a negative impact on SG&A in the quarter. 
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $466 million or 26.9% of net revenue compared to 29.8% of net revenue in Q4 2019. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $127 million or 27.4% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 28.8% a year ago. The reduction in tax rate relative to last year was primarily due to additional deductions obtained in select international jurisdictions. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $337 million or $2.58 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $2.28 in Q4 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $58 million for the quarter compared to $69 million in the fourth quarter last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to digital channel and analytics capabilities, supply chain investment, technology spend to support our business growth and store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with over $1.5 billion of total liquidity. We had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and nearly $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 25% versus last year and was $647 million at the end of Q4. We expect levels at the end of Q1 to increase approximately 15% relative to Q1 2020. While we are seeing some delayed inventory receipts due to the issues at the ports, we are comfortable with the level and composition of our inventory and we are positioned well as we enter the spring season. I'll provide additional detail on this when I offer our gross margin guidance. 
 We have $500 million of availability on our current share repurchase authorization. We've repurchased nearly $1.4 billion of our stock over the last 6 years, and we continue to believe share repurchases are an effective method of returning cash to shareholders. 
 Let me shift now to our outlook for Q1 and the full year 2021. We're excited with our sales trend as we enter the new year. We have more stores opened now than we did in Q4, and our guests are responding well to our new innovations as well as the core styles in our spring assortment. We remain focused on continuing to leverage our omni model and digital strength. And we're planning for multiple operational scenarios as we navigate the continued uncertainties stemming from COVID-19. 
 As we anniversary store closures, we are focused on 2-year top line CAGRs to normalize for the disruption of business trends last year. I will also offer some color on gross margin and SG&A relative to 2019 for Q1 given the significant impact from store closures we experienced during the first half of 2020. 
 For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.13 billion, representing a 2-year CAGR of 19% at the midpoint. In terms of stores, we currently have approximately 96% of our stores open across the globe, an improvement relative to Q4. However, we continue to experience the effects of COVID-19 in several markets. On a 2-year CAGR basis, we expect stores to be flat to slightly negative, with e-com growing at approximately 50%. We expect gross margin in Q1 to increase significantly from last year's COVID-impacted quarter and also be 50 to 100 basis points higher than Q1 of 2019. Relative to 2019, our gross margin is benefiting from a higher e-com penetration and leverage on occupancy and depreciation due to pulling back somewhat on new store openings in 2020 as well as a level of rent reductions. Our Q1 guidance reflects pressure from air freight costs due to port congestion and capacity constraints. We are strategically using airfreight to ensure we are able to meet guest demand, and we'll continue to closely monitor as we move throughout 2021. 
 In Q1, we expect SG&A leverage versus 2020, but deleverage of approximately 400 basis points relative to 2019. Drivers of the deleverage versus 2019 include: COVID-related costs, including labor and PPE; higher depreciation due to accelerated investments to support our e-com business in 2020 and 2021; consolidation of MIRROR's results this year but not in the prior year; and our strategic decision to increase investment in MIRROR in 2021. While the business is still in its early stages and represents less than 5% of our total revenue, MIRROR sales exceeded our initial expectations in 2020. Given the current momentum in the at-home fitness category, we now see an even greater opportunity than we did at the time of the acquisition. The value in the MIRROR business model is the lifetime value of their guests, and we're going to invest into the current category strength to maximize the long-term value of this asset. 
 Turning to EPS. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.90 versus EPS of $0.22 a year ago. This includes operating results from MIRROR but excludes acquisition and integration-related costs. As a reminder, we reported EPS of $0.74 in Q1 of 2019. For the full year 2021, we expect revenue to be in the range of $5.55 billion to $5.65 billion. This range includes $250 million to $275 million from MIRROR and assumes our e-com business grows modestly relative to the outsized strength we experienced in 2020 as we expect the majority of stores to be opened in 2021. 
 By quarter, we expect the most robust e-com growth in Q1, a decline in Q2 as we anniversary the height of COVID-related channel shift in our online warehouse sale and then modest growth in Q3 and Q4. When looking at total revenue, our guidance range implies a 2-year CAGR of 19% at the midpoint, which is in line with our 3-year revenue CAGR of 19%, leading up to 2020 and is ahead of the low-teens CAGR contemplated in our Power of Three growth plan. 
 We expect to open 40 to 50 net new company-operated stores in 2021. This includes approximately 30 to 35 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the low double digits. We expect gross margin for the year to expand between 100 and 150 basis points compared to the modest increase we saw in 2020. We expect gross margin increases relative to 2020 in each quarter of the year, with the largest increase expected in Q1. For the year, the anticipated margin expansion includes approximately 50 basis points of negative impact from additional freight costs, but is still in excess of our Power of Three growth plan, which assumes modest gross margin expansion annually. The outperformance is expected to be driven primarily by a shift relative to our initial plans and investment from new store openings and remodels towards digital capabilities, which impacts SG&A. 
 When looking at SG&A for the year, we expect deleverage of 50 to 100 basis points versus 2020, which is in excess of what was contemplated within our Power of Three plan. Drivers of the deleverage include consolidation of MIRROR for the full year and increased investment in MIRROR brand building. Relative to 2020, we expect predominantly all the deleverage to impact the second and third quarters. We expect our effective tax rate for the year to be similar to 2020, with the Q1 rate being lower than the other quarters. We expect our fiscal year 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $6.30 to $6.45. Our EPS guidance assumes modest dilution from MIRROR in the range of 3% to 5%, excluding acquisition and integration-related costs. We're excited with the momentum we're seeing in this business, particularly the growing community of people sweating with MIRROR, which contributes to increased brand awareness and strong long-term financial returns. But as I mentioned earlier, MIRROR remains early in its life cycle and we've made the strategic decision to invest more than initially anticipated to build long-term value in this business. 
 Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $335 million to $345 million for 2021. The increase versus 2020 reflects increased investment in our supply chain, digital capabilities, new store openings and renovations, including MIRROR shop-in-shops as well as other technology and general corporate infrastructure projects. 
 I've already provided our guidance on Q1, but let me share some additional details to keep in mind as we model out the rest of the year. Taking into account my prior remarks on gross margin, SG&A and tax, you will see that we expect adjusted EPS growth in each quarter of the year relative to 2020, with the rate of growth likely below that currently implied by FactSet consensus in Q2 and Q3 and relatively in line with consensus in Q4. As I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with our momentum at the start of the year, and we are excited with the opportunities in front of us in 2021. 
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I want to thank our teams across the globe for their agility and commitment to our brand every day, which drives our financial strength. And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. In closing, I would like to reiterate how pleased we are with how lululemon performed over the quarter and the full year. We see many opportunities to build upon this year's performance by leaning into our strengths: innovative product, expanding our omni-capabilities and continuing to grow around the world. As I mentioned, when we look back at 2020, I believe we will see this as a pinnacle moment for lululemon when we were able to pull forward many future innovations that will create upside for the brand well into the future. All of us on the leadership team are grateful for the continued support and loyalty of our employees, our ambassadors and our guests who continue to be there for one another and make these results possible. And with that, Sun, Meghan, Alex and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I want to just focus on the investments in MIRROR for a minute. The 3% to 5% dilution, you're obviously above what you had initially expected and I think what we were all expecting. So in light of that, can you just maybe frame out your expectations for the long-term opportunities of the business that are getting you so excited about this -- the ability to invest now in the content? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Lorraine, it's Meghan. So as we mentioned, MIRROR sales in 2020 exceeded our initial expectations at approximately $170 million. And we did guide to $250 million to $275 million for 2021. They are still very early in their life cycle and the path to profitability there is very much within our control. That said, looking at the business, the value is really in the long term and the long-term value of the subscription revenue. So we've learned a lot since we purchased the business and COVID created an even greater opportunity than we saw at that time. And we're going to invest behind the momentum we see in that business to really drive that long-term value. And you heard Calvin talk a little bit about some of the key investment areas that include adding production studios, adding an instructor -- instructors to the base, launching new features and then expansion into Canada as well as importantly, over 200 shop-in-shops in our North America lululemon stores. In terms of the long-term opportunity for the business, I think we'll continue to learn a lot in 2021. We're not going to put a time point on it right now, but we'll continue to share more as we create our plans for 2022 and beyond. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So with respect to the 2021 guide, I think it implies kind of EBIT margins that are a couple hundred basis points below 2019. Maybe just break that down for us a little bit more. I guess, how much of that compression is the MIRROR investments versus your outlook for the core? And then just bigger picture with respect to the Power of Three and the longer-term goals. Obviously, well ahead when it comes to digital, but just maybe give us a sense of what, if anything, has changed in terms of the longer-term ambitions and how that might flow through the P&L over the next couple of years? 
Meghan Frank: Mark, it's Meghan. So if you take into consideration the color I offered on guidance, lululemon operating margin is slightly above 2019. So on track, essentially for our Power of Three growth plans. And that dilution really is driven by the MIRROR investment that I just outlined and really geared towards investing into that business to drive the long-term value. 
 In terms of Power of Three, you're right, we're further along, as Calvin mentioned, than we anticipated in terms of digital strength. We aren't revising our plan right now. But as you can see, we're in good shape to meet that plan. 
Mark Altschwager: A quick follow-up there. Can you talk about your progress towards scaling the business in China? And just from a -- maybe from a margin perspective, where that sits relative to the company average and how you're planning that progression? 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, it's Calvin. Just quickly on the Power of Three initiatives, doubling men's, doubling digital, quadrupling international, and then I'll quickly jump into certain markets. We're on pace on men's, on pace on international and arriving early ahead on our digital, as we said. So as Meghan alluded to, we're in a very good position at this point in our commitments and excited about the momentum in the business and opportunities to keep investing in innovation, investing in growth. MIRROR is one of those areas that because the business is doing well, we're choosing to invest in a business that we know will add value through further guest relationships, building out that community and the value of the subscription model. So excited about those. 
 And China is equal to those opportunities for us to invest in. We are very happy with our business and growth. We've shared multiple times last year, the growth in both our store-based business and international. As well, I mentioned that heading into '21, our plan is to open more stores in the market than we've ever opened in the 15 to 20 range. That would put us well over 50 stores at this point in time. And we're very pleased with both the top line, bottom line performance in that market, and we keep investing in that market local head office to empower the teams to drive relevancy. So I'm excited about our international business in all markets. 
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: Calvin, for you, you talked about gaining a point of share in 2020. I'm curious to how you think about your ability to continue to gain market share in 2021, particularly as several large global brands are doubling down on their women's business. And then maybe just a clarification on MIRROR. What have you seen in terms of the consumer appetite on some of the pricing that you've played around with? I think during the holiday season, if you were to buy it in store, there were different promotional opportunities to get it slightly cheaper. Are you pleased with the current price position of the MIRROR just before you scale it out to more doors this year? 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Erinn. First, on market share, very optimistic with the product that Sun indicated that we will continue to grow share across both men's and women's. We did so in 2020. I believe we were the only of the major brands to do -- to achieve that goal. And we have a very strong business in women's. And I understand that others are identifying and seeing that as a growth potential. But we have a very strong commitment with our guests, very strong franchises, but equally, if not even more important, a very significant pipeline of newness that we're going to continue to build out and delight that guest with in terms of activities into yoga, further into train and run and introducing some new activities. So I'm very confident in our ability through innovation and knowing what we're bringing, that we're going to see growth and success both with men and women and then the men, the opportunity, as we've shared in the past, is really driving that awareness. And we have some exciting initiatives that we'll share, further plan this year to continue to engage, drive awareness and consideration for our male guests as we continue to build out and drive that relationship and success with our women's. 
 Yoga and our female guests, we know are critical parts. And as we look to grow into other areas and opportunity, just know that the team is 100% focused on maintaining and growing that relationship in those segments as well. And in terms of MIRROR, we did do some interesting testing, and we continue to. The benefit of the business being new is that we're doing a lot with Brent and team on test and learn, on both how to acquire and drive the awareness, which remains a big opportunity and price, elasticity behind the product. And right now positioned at the retail price point with a free shipping offering resonates very well. The guest prefers that sort of combination. And then we pulse in a variety of promotional opportunities when it's either competitively appropriate to do so or we see an opportunity. We've tried a number from a discount of $200 to $300 being the peak. So the net price being $1,200. And as well as bundling opportunities. And feedback from the guest is very encouraging that a number of levers -- of registers with them. So it gives us the ability to not just sort of play 1 promotional lever in order to drive that opportunity to invest into the MIRROR. So we have a number of levers that we've tested and validated that we'll continue to do. We have a good price position in and around the $1,200 to $1,500 that they respond well to. And we'll continue to operate with that as well as we look to expansion in the Canadian market price accordingly. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Trussel with Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Just wanted to ask about what you're seeing today in terms of store traffic and productivity? And how are you thinking about the cadence of store productivity over the course of the year? And then second, you did mention that air freight, higher markdowns and distribution expenses were headwinds in this current period, offsetting some of the occupancy leverage and other savings. Just speak to the extent that when these headwinds may continue. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, it's Meghan. So in terms of productivity, we saw productivity in stores of 71% in Q4, which was in line with our expectations. We do now, in Q1, have more stores open at 96% and we are not in our peak traffic period. So the constrained impact is lessening. We do expect that to improve as we move throughout the year, but we are planning as we did in 2021 -- or in 2020 for multiple scenarios so that we're able to meet our omni-guest demand. So we'll continue to iterate on that as we move throughout 2021. In terms of margin rates, we offered that we see expansion on a year of 100 to 150 basis points. Included in that is 50 basis points of pressure related to airfreight. We don't see that as a barrier to revenue upside. We'll continue to strategically leverage airfreight to drive revenue and continue to closely monitor that throughout the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And congrats again on the nice quarter. Calvin, maybe as we think about recovery post pandemic, so do you anticipate -- or maybe are you seeing signs of pent-up demand for technical innovation on the sweat side of the business as in-person or maybe people begin to think about in-person fitness again? And then I'm curious how you see lulu's lifestyle assortment positioned to take market share if casualization is, in fact, greater post pandemic? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matthew. As I indicated, our technical performance of our product all through 2020 was the drivers of our growth predominantly. And I don't see that diminishing in any way. I think people are finding ways to sweat, they've adopted new ways to sweat. And when the world opens up, and they'll be able to go back to their gyms and their studios, they'll just have a balance of ways in which they're engaging. And we have a lot more new guests or existing guests using a lot more of our technical product. That is going to just drive an appreciation for and loyalty to the uniqueness of how it performs. 
 So from a recovery standpoint, I feel all the momentum in the business behind driving even more adoption and success of our technical performance as we saw in 2020, and I think it's only going to be more pronounced moving forward. 
 From an OTM perspective, we're early in our development of OTM in our women's category. The team has been building that for the last few years and adding assortment, and we test and launched a key product next year, we will add more to the assortment this year and in the years to come. So we're very early that we're well positioned through our technical apparel to build that business as guests look to shift, but when they shift back to more other casual wear, they're going to be looking for something that I believe is unique and different in the technical apparel fashion, and some of the team are creating and building that. And men's -- that's been 1 of our strengths in men's. Women's is going to catch up to our men's offering. And we have full confidence in our success and strength in men's in that OTM business and the work and the product that's following that is going to keep fueling the OTM. At the heart and the core, the technical performance gear did perform, is performing, and I think it's only going to perform more moving forward. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up on SG&A. Meghan, so outside of MIRROR and the pull forward that you've cited of the DTC investments, I guess my question is on an underlying basis, is there any change to the annual plan, I think that you laid out at the Analyst Day, for modest SG&A leverage on low teens revenues this year? And then as you see it today, is there any reason the model doesn't return to that plan on a reported basis after this year? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So as I mentioned, if you consider the color I provided, from an operating income perspective, lululemon is essentially in line with Analyst Day. And we have a bit more expansion in margin and a bit more pressure on SG&A, and that's because of the shift in investment profile between channels. So pulling back somewhat on store openings and investing behind digital, the store expenses show up in gross margin and the digital expenses show up in SG&A. So I'd say a little bit of a near-term impact, and we continue to monitor that for the long term, and we're really focused on optimizing the bottom line of our business. 
Howard Tubin: Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: Certainly. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: So I just wanted to talk about men's versus women's. Men's seem to be underperforming through the year. And just because your women's business was just so much stronger. I think you kind of leveled out in 4Q. I'm just trying to look at the filing now, but can you kind of explain what was going on between the 2 genders in your business? And is there anything that's changed as you come into 2021? And again, I don't know if that's just behavior or if that's just product or innovation. Just anything you could elaborate on, Calvin, would be great. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure. Thanks, Ike. We've -- I would tell you, our assessment is 100% behavior. Looking at his behavior at the beginning of the pandemic and shifts of where he was purchasing, how he was purchasing drove a lot of the declines in apparel that the industry saw in the men's categories. And that started to pick up throughout the year. Our impact was less in the industry at the beginning, and it picked up quicker at the tail end. In our fourth quarter, our men's business trailed our women's business, but it was the narrowest gap from the entire year that we saw. And as Meghan indicated, the start of this year has been very, very strong for us, and the men's business continues that road to recovery. So it -- in my opinion, was 100% behavior and as stores come online and we're seeing that shift back into apparel, that it will come back to where we were in terms of performance and growth driving. Even with that, we are on pace to double our men's business per our commitment in our 5-year and seeing very good results and strength back to the men's business already to start this year. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-12-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Celeste Burgoyne, President of Americas and Global Guest Innovation; Meghan Frank, CFO; and Alex Grieve, VP, Controller. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. 
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. 
 In addition, the comparable sales and store productivity metrics given on today's call are on a constant dollar basis. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website, www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. 
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I am pleased to speak with you today about our performance in the third quarter, which exceeded our expectations. I'm incredibly proud of how our teams around the globe have continued to execute on the strategies that underpin our Power of Three growth plan as we navigate this unprecedented year. 
 Joining me on the call today is Celeste Burgoyne, who was recently appointed to serve as our first President and will provide an update on our omni-guest experiences. In addition, Meghan Frank, who was recently promoted to Chief Financial Officer, will speak to our third quarter financials and provide some color on our outlook for the fourth quarter. And Alex Grieve, our VP Controller, will be available for Q&A. 
 On today's call, I will provide an overview of our third quarter results and share some highlights with you from our Thanksgiving week. Then I'll give an update on our international business and product innovations, including MIRROR before turning the call over to Celeste and Meghan. 
 Let me begin by providing an overview of our business performance in the third quarter. Total revenue increased 22% to $1.1 billion, driven by a combined comp increase of 18%. The revenue increased across our major regions with growth of 19% in North America and 45% in our international markets. In the store channel, productivity increased to 82% of last year's volume, better than our expectation of 75%. Our e-commerce business remained strong with comps of 93%. In addition, gross margin increased 100 basis points, and adjusted earnings per share increased 21% to $1.16 versus $0.96 last year, significantly ahead of our expectations. 
 I'm also excited that in fiscal Q3, our share performance continued with our strongest quarterly market share gain in recent history. We grew our retailer market share of the U.S. adult active apparel market by 1.4 points over last year, according to the NPD Group's consumer tracking service. 
 In summary, these results demonstrate that our brand is becoming stronger, and I'd like to touch on the 6 key drivers of our performance this quarter. First, many of our loyal female guests are shopping our entire collection, extending beyond bottoms as we continue to innovate our offering across categories, including bras and on-the-move. Second, we continue to deliver a steady pipeline of new products to our guests every month as we leverage our Science of Feel development platform. Third, our teams managed our inventory flows extremely well through the COVID store closures to ensure we had ample inventory to support the increased demand. Fourth, we provided pay protection to our educators to protect their well-being, which ensured we were ready to reopen stores and successfully launch new guest-facing services, such as our virtual waitlist appointment shopping and mobile POS. Fifth, we have been investing in our digital capabilities and enhancing the experience of our e-commerce sites for several years, which enabled us to quickly respond to the accelerated shift to omni this year. And finally, we successfully showed how well lululemon translates and connects with guests across cultures and geographies, with growth in both North America and around the world. These drivers will continue to carry us forward into 2021 and beyond as we work to fuel our momentum. 
 Before providing broad comments by category and channel, I wanted to also touch on our performance over the recent holiday. For the week that included Thanksgiving and Black Friday, we delivered a record-breaking performance in our e-commerce channel, which offset declines in store traffic. Response to our full-price offering was extremely good with many of our classic franchise items such as the Align pant, the defined jacket and the ABC jogger as well as new franchises, including Wunder Train and Invigorate all performing well, and our markdown penetration was relatively in line with last year. 
 There are several large volume weeks ahead for us in the fourth quarter, and we recognize that uncertainties remain due to COVID-19. As we have throughout the year, we continue to plan for multiple scenarios yet the unknowns make forecasting the business more difficult. That being said, we are focused on the levers we control such as pulling forward our holiday messaging and leveraging the key drivers I mentioned a few moments ago that led to our success in the third quarter. 
 We are excited about how the holiday season has begun with continued demand for our product offerings, and we have confidence in our ability to execute during this period. 
 Switching now to international. I'd like to start by mentioning that Andre Maestrini will join lululemon in January to serve as our new EVP International.  He will have responsibility for leading and driving growth in our international markets, including China and the broader APAC and EMEA regions. I speak for myself as well as our leaders in the regions when I say I'm thrilled to have Andre as part of the team. He's joining us at an exciting time in our international business, and we remain committed to quadrupling revenues from 2018 levels by 2023. 
 Looking at our international business in the third quarter, I'm especially pleased that total revenue increased 45%. 
 In APAC, business was strong across all major markets and particularly in China, where total revenue increased by more than 100%. This was driven by the performance in both our store and e-commerce channels. Over the last 2 years, we have tripled the number of stores we operate in Mainland China, and I'm thrilled with how our brand is resonating across both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. 
 In Europe, guests continue to actively engage with us online as our store traffic remains below last year's level. e-commerce comps increased by nearly 160%. And for the second quarter in a row, these results more than offset declines in our store channel to drive positive revenue growth in the region. 
 Shifting now to product innovation. We continue to leverage our Science of Feel platform to bring new technical merchandise to our guests. Since the early days of the pandemic, our guests have been demanding technical product that offers comfort and versatility as they spend more time working and sweating from home. 
 Within women's, business was particularly strong as we saw a return to pre-COVID growth rates. In total, women's grew 22% with strength in both tops and bottoms. Within men's, total revenue grew 14%, which represents further improvement from the trends in quarter 1 and quarter 2. I'm excited that we're seeing strength in the bottoms category with our male guests returning to our fixed waistband styles, including ABC and commission while our joggers also continue to perform well. And within accessories, we will continue to lean into our strong performance with opportunities to grow our equipment offerings with new products. As an example, in the coming months, we will launch a 3D yoga mat, one of the first in the world designed with a textured surface to better enable body alignment during your practice. 
 Looking forward, I'm thrilled with our pipeline of innovation. For the holidays, we are offering special edition product in many of our key franchises. And over the course of 2021, you'll see us scaling the Science of Feel to bring more technical innovations across our major categories. As I've said before, we are in the early stages of growth within our product innovation pillar, and we have ample ways to expand our key categories of run, train, yoga and on the move. 
 I'm also happy to share an update on MIRROR. Since the acquisition 5 months ago, we have made steady progress on the integration, and we are pleased with the brand's performance in Q3 and with how the holiday season has begun. We continue to expect MIRROR to generate in excess of $150 million in revenue in 2020. 
 Over the course of the third quarter, we began to leverage the lululemon ecosystem to raise awareness for MIRROR. We launched the dedicated MIRROR U.S. e-comm site, including a hyperlink for guests to complete a purchase transaction, and we have included MIRROR in our e-mail marketing campaigns. 
 Also in November, we created shop-in-shops in 18 of our U.S. locations to test and learn how to refine our in-store selling experience, and we plan to expand this to several hundred stores next year. One of our store managers in Santa Monica described it best. Our guests are blown away by the sleek design and functionality of MIRROR that is as innovative and unique as our own products. 
 We are just at the beginning of our journey with MIRROR, and we are thrilled with the current momentum and excited with what this can mean for next year and beyond. 
 Before turning the call over to Celeste, I want to highlight the launch of our impact agenda in October. This is our first long-term strategy focused on how lululemon will become a more sustainable and equitable business. minimize harm to the environment and accelerate positive change, both inside and outside of our company over time. 
 To help us deliver on these commitments, Stacia Jones joined lululemon this quarter and will lead our work related to inclusion, diversity, equity and action, what we call IDEA. Stacia has extensive experience in this area including having served in the role of Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer. I look forward to sharing with you our progress on the impact agenda and IDEA commitments going forward. 
 Let me now turn it over to Celeste to speak to our omni guest experience pillar. Our approach toward guest engagement and our ability to deliver unique experiences across both physical and digital environments is a key competitive advantage for lululemon. Celeste? 
Celeste Burgoyne: Thank you, Calvin. I'm pleased to be on the call today to speak to our omni-guest experience pillar and to share some details on our third quarter performance, both in our store and our e-commerce channel. 
 Over the past several years, we have shifted our organization to be focused on the omni-guest experience rather than focusing on specific channels. This served us very well in the COVID-19 environment. We know that guest behavior is dynamic, and our goal is to create opportunities in both the physical and the digital worlds that offer compelling experiences. We have leveraged our channels, put the guest at the center of all we do and have enhanced the ways we engage with our guests, whether via a transaction, a personal development session, community connection or on the MIRROR platform. 
 Looking at our store channel, we are bullish on stores as physical retail remains an important part of the lululemon growth story. We continue to be focused on and invest in our in-store experience, our stores, our hubs and our local communities, creating a space for engagement among our guests, educators and ambassadors and allowing us to educate and story tell our product in a powerful way. In addition, we leverage our stores to facilitate our omni capabilities, including BOPIS and ship from store, and they continue to be an important vehicle for new guest acquisition. We remain on track to open 30 to 35 net new stores globally in 2020. 
 In Q3, we had 97% of our stores open. Currently, we are still at approximately 97%, but we've seen a tightening of capacity constraints in several markets due to spikes in COVID-19 While these constraints can lead to lines outside stores during peak shopping times, I'm proud of how we have successfully implemented several strategies to improve the guest experience and reduce wait times. These include: first, the virtual waitlist, so guests no longer need to physically wait in line and can be notified by text when it's their turn to enter the store; second, mobile POS, which allows certain transactions such as returns, exchanges and purchasing gift cards to all occur just outside of the store; third, buy online, pick up in store at door or at curbside, offering flexibility and choice for our guests; fourth, appointment shopping that can be scheduled both before, during and after a store's normal operating hours; and fifth is our digital educator program, which is designed to assist guests who would rather continue engaging with us online. This allows a guest to have a quick online chat or schedule an appointment for a personal or group shopping experience. 
 I'm also excited that we continue to successfully execute our ship-from-store capabilities to leverage our inventory across channels. In fact, we achieved our highest volume ever with ship-from-store orders over the Thanksgiving and Black Friday holiday week. I'm so proud of how our educators are embracing and executing these new initiatives and further enhancing the guest experience. 
 Another strategic area for us has been leaning more aggressively into our pop-up store strategy with our largest number of seasonal stores this holiday. In Q3, nearly 70 were operating. And in Q4, we plan to increase that number to approximately 100. We have leveraged pop-up successfully for the last several years to bring our product and community to life in markets where we don't have a year-round physical presence. In addition, this year, we're using pop-ups to help alleviate capacity constraints at high-volume stores in key malls across North America, including centers such as Somerset Collection near Detroit and Shenu Center in Calgary. In total, we have opened 14 pop-ups within close proximity to existing stores, and we're also operating 9 gifting hubs and malls where we already have a mainline location. These temporary locations not only help support an improved guest experience, but they also attract new guests into the brand. 
 Switching now to e-commerce. As Calvin mentioned, sales trends remain robust with total digital comps up 93% in Q3, driven by a healthy mix of new and existing guests. Even with stores being open for a majority of the quarter, we continue to see historically retail-only guests now shopping with us online. In the spring, as we recognize the dramatic behavior shift towards e-commerce, we layered on additional investments in IT infrastructure, fulfillment capabilities and our guest education center, all to ensure we are ready for a spike in traffic over the holiday season. And I'm thrilled that we are seeing these investments paying off. 
 Throughout Q3, we continued to see both traffic and conversion remain strong even as the majority of our stores were open throughout the quarter. The enhancements we're delivering to our guests include increased and improved storytelling and product education, more predictive search and a more seamless checkout. In addition, we recently partnered with Afterpay in North America, which is now live on our site, and we have enabled direct checkout functionality on Instagram and Facebook. These features offer our guests new methods to engage and transact with us, which -- while also helping us acquire new guests. 
 Before handing it over to Meghan to take you through our financials, let me give you a quick update on our membership program. 
 In September, we launched in Toronto and began enrolling members for the second year of the program in Denver, Chicago and Edmonton. We are very pleased with the number of guests who have joined us across these 4 cities as they enjoy a higher level of engagement with lululemon and gain access to a more complete expression of our brands. We remain in test-and-learn mode with membership, and we continue to iterate the program such as the recent expansion of our digital offering. Benefits now include virtual workshops focused on emotional fitness, including a recent session hosted by our global ambassador, Gabby Bernstein, which was attended by over 500 members. We will continue to study the ways guests are engaging with us in our test cities, and we'll use these learnings as we evolve the program going forward. 
 I'm also very excited about the opportunities MIRROR could bring to our membership program. We look forward to sharing more in the future about how we plan to leverage these 2 platforms to bring new experiences to our guests and MIRROR members. 
 In closing, I'd like to thank the entire lululemon family. It truly takes a village -- from our product teams to our e-commerce teams to our technology teams and to so many across the company. We are so grateful for everyone's hard work and dedication. And I would like to especially thank our store, guest education center and distribution center teams, who are on the front lines, providing an amazing guest experience during a challenging year. 
 And with that, I also want to congratulate my colleague, Meghan Frank, on being named to serve as our CFO. I will now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Celeste. Let me first say how happy I am to be here as lululemon's newly appointed CFO. I'm excited to continue to partner with Calvin and our talented senior leadership team to execute on our Power of Three growth plans, and I look forward to keeping you up-to-date on our progress on future earnings calls. 
 Let me now provide you with the details on our Q3 performance. And although we are not offering specific guidance, I will provide some color on our outlook for the remainder of the year. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted Q3 financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR but exclude $8.5 million of acquisition-related costs and our associated tax effect. You can refer to our earnings release and Form 10-Q for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics. 
 For Q3, total net revenue increased 22% to $1.1 billion, above our expectations for a mid- to high single-digit increase. In our digital channel, we posted a 93% comp increase on top of a 30% increase last year. In our store channel, we had 97% of our stores open and saw productivity increase to 82% of last year's volume, better than our expectation of 75%. 
 Square footage increased 13% versus last year, driven by the addition of 36 net new stores since Q3 of 2019. During the quarter, we opened 9 net new stores and completed -plan optimizations. 
 In terms of our digital channel, e-comm contributed $478 million of top line or 43% of total revenue. We continue to see notable strength in traffic and conversion. Traffic was driven by channel shift, coupled with investments in digital marketing and conversion continues to benefit from gaps response to our product and the investments we have made in our global digital platforms to improve guest experience. 
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $627 million or 56.1% of net revenue compared to 55.1% of net revenue in Q3 2019. The gross margin increase of 100 basis points was driven by 170 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation and 10 basis points of favorability in foreign exchange. This was partially offset by 80 basis points of deleverage in product margin, primarily due to higher airfreight costs related to COVID-19 and higher markdowns. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach in the current environment has been to protect against downside while also ensuring we continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were $412 million or 36.8% of net revenue compared to 35.9% of net revenue in Q3 2019. The deleverage in the quarter resulted predominantly from marketing investment associated with MIRROR, partially offset by leverage on higher-than-expected sales. 
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $213 million or 19.1% of net revenue compared to 19.2% of net revenue in Q3 2019. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $62 million or 28.9% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.1% a year ago. 
 Adjusted net income for the quarter was $151 million or $1.16 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.96 in Q3 of 2019. Capital expenditures were $66 million for the quarter compared to $78 million in the third quarter last year. Q3 spend relates primarily to digital channel and analytics capabilities, supply chain investment, technology spend to support our business growth and store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with nearly $1.2 billion of total liquidity. We have $482 million of cash and cash equivalents and $700 million of available capacity under our committed revolving credit facilities. However, subsequent to quarter end, and based on the strength of our financial position and our outlook for future cash flows, we've given notice to cancel the $300 million short-term credit facility we put in place at the time of the MIRROR acquisition. We continue to maintain our 5-year revolving credit facility of $400 million, which matures in 2023. Inventory grew 23% versus last year and was $771 million at the end of Q3. We continue to expect levels at the end of Q4 to increase in the 20% to 30% range. 
 As we announced today, our Board of Directors has authorized an increase in our share repurchase program from $264 million to $500 million. We've repurchased nearly $1.4 billion of our stock for the last 6 years, and we continue to believe share repurchases are an effective method of returning cash to shareholders. 
 Let me now shift to current trends and share with you some color on how we are looking at the fourth quarter. Due to the dynamic nature of the macro environment, we are not yet returning to our historical cadence of providing specific guidance for the current quarter and fiscal year. We remain focused on leveraging our omni model and digital strength as we navigate the uncertainties stemming from COVID-19. While the majority of our stores remain open, we have continued to see guest shift between channels, which has driven outsized growth on our e-commerce sites. As we've mentioned, we pulled forward investments in our digital channel to ensure our guests continue to receive an elevated experience when shopping our sites and to maximize holiday business. 
 In terms of stores, we currently have approximately 97% of our stores open across the globe, in line with Q3. However, as we're seeing a resurgence of COVID-19 in several markets, We've experienced a higher number of government-mandated capacity restrictions in November and December relative to Q3. Given our historically high levels of productivity, particularly during the holiday season, these constraints clearly limit the number of guests who can enter our stores at any given time. Therefore, when looking at Q4, overall, we are expecting productivity to be approximately 70% of last year's levels, with trends in line with Q3 during nonpeak weeks. 
 When looking at new store openings for 2020, we remain on track to open 30 to 35 net new stores, with 24 net new stores opened through the end of Q3. These openings will contribute to a low double-digit increase in square footage for the year. In addition, we continue to execute on our seasonal store strategy with nearly 70 seasonal stores operating in Q3 and and plans to operate approximately 100 in Q4. 
 Looking at Q4 specifically, we expect total sales to increase in the mid- to high teens. This is above our prior expectation of a high single to low double-digit increase and assumes e-commerce growth remains strong but likely moderate modestly from levels we saw in Q3. This also assumes the majority of our stores remain open throughout the fourth quarter. 
 When looking at MIRROR, we continue to expect revenue for the full year 2020 to be in excess of $150 million with strong results during Thanksgiving week. We're excited with the momentum we're seeing in this business. particularly the growing community of people sweating with MIRROR, which contributes to increased brand awareness and strong long-term financial returns. In terms of gross margin, we continue to believe it will be flat to up modestly versus last year in Q4. When looking at SG&A, we continue to expect deleverage in Q4 as store traffic remains below last year's levels, and we continue to invest in marketing for MIRROR to take advantage of current trends towards sweating from home to drive the long-term value of this business. Given the seasonality of this investment, we expect to deleverage in Q4 to exceed what we experienced in Q3. 
 With regard to Q4 earnings per share, compared to a year ago, the growth rate in adjusted EPS is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit range, up from our prior expectation for a modest decline. This includes operating results from MIRROR but excludes acquisition and integration-related costs. In terms of capital spending, we now expect CapEx for 2020 to come in somewhat below last year's level. 
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I'd like to reiterate that we believe we are well positioned from an omni perspective for the high-volume weeks that remain ahead of us this holiday season. We're excited with the performance we saw over Thanksgiving week, but acknowledge the environment remains uncertain, particularly given COVID-19-related capacity constraints. 
 We have planned for multiple scenarios and we'll continue to be agile as we serve our guests where and when they want to shop. I'd also like to thank our teams for their dedication and hard work and for enabling these results we reported today. And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Meghan. Before we take your questions, I also wanted to mention that this quarter, we were pleased to welcome Courtney Gibson to our Board of Directors. Courtney is President of Loop Capital Markets, one of the largest privately held investment banking, brokerage and advisory firms headquartered in the United States. She brings a wealth of consumer and market insights to lululemon, and I look forward to her counsel. 
 Let me close by reiterating that we are positioned well for the big volume days during the holiday season. Since the early days of COVID-19, our management team has been preparing for multiple possible scenarios, and we are ready to serve our guests where and when they want to connect with us. 
 In our store channel, we will leverage our seasonal stores, virtual waitlist, mobile point-of-sale and appointment shopping to ease capacity constraints and continue to protect the safety of our store teams. And in e-commerce, our investments are paying off as our sites have demonstrated the ability to more than handle the anticipated spike in volume. 
 In closing, I want to once again thank our teams around the world for continuing to be there for our guests and for one another. Their resilience, tenacity and creativity throughout 2020 have been a continued source of inspiration for me and our entire leadership team. This sets us up well for the coming months and quarters ahead. 
 And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the strong results here. Really nice to see the digital momentum. I was hoping you could talk about e-commerce capacity in Q4 and really your ability to sustain the type of growth rates you've been seeing given the much higher sales base in the fourth quarter. 
 And then separately, I just wanted to touch on men's. I think the growth rate there has lagged the overall company year-to-date. I was hoping you could dig into the drivers there a bit more. Is it a function of just the work-from-home and lower demand for some of the core products like ABC or just any other high-level learnings there and how you see the men's business potentially reaccelerating from here? 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, Mark. It's Meghan. I'll take the e-comm capacity and then hand it over to Calvin for men's. 
 So as we mentioned, we have been planning for multiple scenarios for Q4, and we feel well positioned to capture e-comm opportunity, depending on where the guest wants to shop with us. And we do see it moderating slightly from what we experienced in Q3 just in line with our overall guidance of mid- to high-teens growth relative to our 22% increase in Q3. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. And on men's, Mark, we're really happy with the progression we've seen through Q1, Q2 through to Q3. Moving from Q2 to Q3, the men's business accelerated almost at the same rate as women's. So although it's slightly behind our women's growth, it has, in fact, accelerated faster from the Q1 impact from COVID. And it's predominantly driven by he just wasn't shopping to the same degree out of the gate as she was. And that's in the market. We continue to put on share with our men's business. We've seen him respond well to strengthen our shorts, our sweats and our hoodies. And we have seen in Q3, our fixed waistband business getting much stronger. So I'm very pleased with the acceleration of the men's business, his response to the product and see no concern. And we remain committed to our power of doubling our men's business by '23. 
Mark Altschwager: That's great. And maybe, Calvin, just a quick bigger picture one. Just thinking ahead to next year, vaccine is on the way, but probably some time before we return to normal buying patterns. Could you just speak to how you're planning the business in terms of inventory flows, maybe pace of product introductions, anything on the marketing front as we head into spring of 2021. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. In terms of -- as we look through multiple scenarios into next year, we talked earlier about our inventory position coming out of Q1 and where we are coming out of Q3. And we continue to feel very good about our position, up 23%, down from 41% in Q1. We have the product to satisfy the demand, and our product is predominantly core, less seasonal. So we're well positioned, and we've continued to lean in to make sure that we have the product to satisfy the demand. 
 Our newness and innovation pipelines remain healthy, very strong, and we haven't pulled back on any of those. And that will continue to hit and flow. So we feel very good, and we're excited about the opportunity with new guests entering this category. The new guests that we've acquired through 2020 continue to build upon that and look the ways to amplify the brand. 
 So again, not knowing the next few months, we feel very good about our position, the flow of product, our guest engagement, our ability to continue to fuel the business and growth forward. 
Mark Altschwager: That's great. Best of luck, and congrats, Meghan, on the new role. 
Meghan Frank: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: I guess, first, just a clarification for Meghan. On the productivity in the fourth quarter stepping down to 70% in store, what is all being taken account to here? Is it just what you're seeing currently or just your anticipation of further capacity constraints to come? 
 And then Calvin, as we just think about the product road map into next year, any update on footwear and any other kind of key product innovation, things we should be mindful of? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Erinn. I'll start on productivity. So we did see average productivity in our stores in Q3 at 82%, which was higher than our expectation of 75%. But given we are seeing a resurgence with COVID-19 in some markets and we are also seeing stricter capacity constraints, government-mandated capacity constraints in several markets as we head into these peak weeks, we are expecting productivity overall for the quarter to be at approximately 70%, but reaching trends in line with Q3 during non-peak weeks. And it's really driven by just the volume of store sales in Q4. In a typical year, we see a 40% to 50% lift from Q3 to Q4, which given capacity constraints and traffic impact clearly limits our opportunity to service that traffic in our stores. . 
Calvin McDonald: And on our product pipeline, I'll first touch on footwear. So we anticipate the back half of next year introducing the -- our introduction into the category with selling in early '22. So we're excited to share our unique point of view and innovation in that category. And as it relates to all others, the pipeline is full, and we will continue through what we've expressed before of OTM, the sizing expansion. But as we continue to invest in our activity base, be it run, train or yoga, across the categories, there's a number of innovations that we'll introduce throughout the year that will continue to fuel growth in the business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I'd like to follow up on your comments around the air freight pressure in 3Q. Do you expect this to persist? And then can you also comment on the availability of air freight capacity just to make sure that you can land enough inventory to meet holiday demand and then into the early spring? 
Meghan Frank: Sure, Lorraine. It's Meghan. So we have seen higher air freight market rates, but generally sufficient availability. We do expect that we'll continue to have some air freight rate pressure in Q4, and that is reflected in the guidance that we provided of a modest increase in Q4. 
Lorraine Maikis: Have you found enough capacity to meet demand? 
Meghan Frank: I'm sorry. I think I missed the second part of that question. Can you repeat that? 
Lorraine Maikis: Sure. Have you been able to find enough capacity to meet demand for the holiday and then into the early spring launches? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Yes. We don't have any capacity limitations at this point. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt McClintock with Raymond James. 
Matthew McClintock: Congrats both Celeste and Meghan and even Courtney. I guess there is some good news in 2020. The question I have, actually, Calvin, and it's a little bit different angle than what Mark went with. But you -- your women's business still seems to be growing pretty exceptionally And there's a lot of people out there that think that you're ultimately going to need men's to grow fast at some point. But your women's business has proven that it can consistently grow faster than anyone's ever thought for years. So you actually put up a nice slide back at that Investor Day a couple of years ago. I'm talking about TAM, total addressable market. 
 So how have your thoughts on the total addressable market changed or evolved now that we're in a COVID world or a post-COVID world? That's my first question. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. I mean it's definitely with the inflections that we've seen this year through COVID with guests living a more active, healthy life and looking for more versatility in their apparel clothing, I think that all bodes well for the addressable market that we shared at the time. And what we shared at the time was we are early innings of our share of that addressable market. So I do think there are 2 forces. We will continue to gain share the addressable market, as we did in this quarter, and we shared achieving among our largest gains in our recent history. So that said, even with guests coming in and looking for versatility, we are winning at a greater rate than others. And I do believe that addressable market will only get larger. 
 So I think both will continue to add fuel for our business. And we're happy with our men's business and the acceleration and the growth moving forward. We know that's a big opportunity for us as a percent of share of sales as well as just awareness. And as you've indicated, our women's business is far from -- at its potential. And what we saw this quarter was new guests coming in and our existing guests broadening out from some of the core categories as we've introduced newness, as we also innovate behind those. We introduced the cloud bra. Bras has been a big opportunity for us that we see with our female guests, and they responded incredibly well -- responded and the total category lifted. And we saw a really strong share growth. So I'm excited about the continual growth in women's both through new guests as well as migrating them into new categories, fueled by our innovation, fueled by versatility of apparel, the growth of TAM and our market share potential. 
Matthew McClintock: But just as a follow-up question. On MIRROR specifically, you meaningfully increased your guidance for MIRROR last quarter. I think 50%, $100 million to $150 million plus this year, and yet you kept the earnings the same, the accretion dilution, the same in terms of guidance. And you said that was going to go into marketing. 
 So I'm just actually curious, can you give us an update in terms of the returns that you're seeing on the marketing dollars that you're actually putting to work at MIRROR? 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. We're really pleased with the holiday that MIRROR is having. We guided and raised it in the last earnings call, and we've reinforced the - in excess to that number. We're off to a very good holiday with MIRROR through November. There's lots of content and experiential innovation that's rolling out that we're announcing, for example, sweat dates, which is very unique and differentiated on the platform. We've only started rolling it out within the lululemon network. We have 18 stores today that we're learning and is becoming a great beacon and brand building opportunity and rolling it into other lululemon channels, with plans next year of going to hundreds of stores, continuing to build upon the platform. And there are some big weeks ahead. 
 So I like our position. I like where we are in the quarter, and there is very solid momentum behind it. And we bet with the team on inventory numbers that allow us to have units. So we're in a good stock position with 2-week SLAs. So I'm encouraged. And there are some big weeks ahead with some uncertainty. But all indication is very positive with guest response and the momentum that's fueling and building behind MIRROR. 
Matthew McClintock: I actually look forward to using -- wearing my lululemon shoes that Erinn Murphy talked about with MIRROR. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious, you mentioned stores operating at around down 18%. I just want to make sure I understand if that number is being hurt more by weaker traffic or not being able to handle the traffic that is showing up, just given the smaller store size. And I think maybe related to that, you've got these pop-up stores. I just want to make sure I understand the accounting of those sales. Are those -- is that going to be included in comps if they are near to an existing store? And just how does that tie in to the spread that we see between comps and total sales as we look to 4Q? 
Meghan Frank: So I would say in terms of store traffic, there are lower industry trends. And I think generally speaking, more traffic is shifting to e-comm. I think that said, we do have capacity constraints, and that's impacting also our ability to put traffic to our stores. As you mentioned, we are opening approximately 100 seasonal locations that will have an operation through Q4. Those do not show up in our comp sales. They will show up on our other channels. And as you mentioned, some of those are within markets and centers where we have existing locations so that we can capitalize on that traffic flow through Q4. . 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: My congratulations as well on the quarter and the new roles by Celeste, Meghan, Stacia and Courtney. 
 My question is on e-commerce. You continue to experience, obviously, really strong growth in that channel with over 40% of sales this period. While that likely changes when the environment normalizes, just how has your view on investing in and rolling out stores changed, if at all? And are there areas of capabilities online where you need to invest further? 
 And just lastly on that, how does a higher e-commerce mix kind of impact the P&L over the long term? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Paul. I'll talk to the -- our current strategic thinking through the balance of the channels and then hand it off to Meghan to talk about mix. 
 We are obviously incredibly excited about the omni guest that has joined lululemon this year. Equally, the stores will remain a very important strategy and presence within how we service our guests, how we recruit and acquire new guests. There's been no dramatic change to our forward view of that. We always open a conservative number of new stores on an annual basis. They are small, highly productive and have the role of more than just transacting. They are building in the community, connecting to our guests and our ambassador community and really being a marketing driver, while at the same point, servicing and selling at high productivity. And we are early in the size of our store network. So we're going to continue to be opportunistic. 
 I think there's going to be exciting opportunities for us next year with the state of retail. And our balance of cities, our balance of mall to non-mall is healthy, and our fleet remains healthy, and we will continue to take that conservative opportunistic view. 
 And then with digital, we did a lot of innovation this year that the team will just build upon. You can go to the site today, you can interact with one of our incredible store educators live on demand through video. You can schedule a concierge, not to mention that traditional omni connectivity of buying online, picking up in store. So we're going to continue to invest in that digital connection of the ecosystem, both on how the guest transacts but also bring to our digital the human connection that is so unique within our store environment. So we're excited about our innovation and continue to feel the success in both channels, both which play a key critical role in our omni strategy. 
 And Meghan, if you want to talk about mix? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of e-comm penetration impact on operating margin, we do, as you noted, see a higher operating margin in that channel. However, stores, which have historically been approximately 70% of our mix have seen decline in traffic and revenue. So that's contributed to some deleverage and impacted the overall profitability in the near term. 
 As we look into the future, we do aim to manage the business on an omni basis and remain committed to our Power of Three growth plan, which includes operating margin slightly above revenue growth over the long term. And as we mentioned, we've been planning into multiple scenarios, and that channel penetration dynamic is an important piece of that. 
Paul Trussell: You mentioned the loyalty program earlier. Can you just provide any additional details on spend per shopper enrolled in the program versus others? Any further color on rollout plans to additional cities and just any tweaks or changes you've made to the program of late? 
Celeste Burgoyne: Yes. Thanks, Matt. It's Celeste. I'll take that question. So obviously, as I mentioned, we're operating currently in 4 cities across North America with our membership program. And we are really pleased with not only the number of guest but also the engagement of guests. So we are not going to talk about any specifics on spend or any of that stuff, but really happy overall with their engagement. 
 We did have a really great event in October. We had Gabby Bernstein, one of our global ambassadors who led an hour-long wellness and mental well-being session. We had over 500 members from across those 4 cities joined. So just an example of how we're really leveraging this program, and our guests are really enjoying participating and connecting with us across our entire ecosystem and really through the entire Sweatlife. 
 We're really using these markets in these cities to continue to test and iterate. Obviously, a pivot to digital during this current environment has been a huge area of pivot. But one of the things that we're really excited about is also the opportunities that MIRROR can bring to our membership program. So we'll have more to share on that in the future. But definitely, the teams are hard at work ensuring that we really create and continue to iterate this program. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another nice quarter. So Calvin, could you elaborate on comp trends that you've seen since the close of the third quarter. Black Friday, I think you said record weeks sounds great. Have you seen overall comps accelerate relative to high-teens performance in the third quarter? And has store performance to date exceeded the embedded 70% full quarter forecast? 
Meghan Frank: Matt, it's Meghan. I'll take that. So we were pleased with the performance we saw during Thanksgiving week, and we did intentionally pull forward some seasonal activity, just given the capacity constraints as we moved further into the quarter. And we remain comfortable with the level of guidance we gave for Q4. That said, there is some uncertainty ahead of us, both with the virus and impact on store closures as well as store trends and guest behavior. So that's why our outlook for the balance of the quarter is a little lower than what we've seen to date. . 
Matthew Boss: Okay. Great. And then just maybe for SG&A. On the accelerated e-commerce investments that I believe are tied to the higher digital penetration that you're seeing. Is this spending -- or is this basically incremental dollars relative to the 5-year plan laid out at your Analyst Day? Or should we think about this as more of a pull forward of some of the multiyear expenses and investments that were already preplanned within that 5-year plan? 
Meghan Frank: I would think about it as more of a pull forward. And as I mentioned, we'll look -- we look to manage the business from an omni perspective. And as e-comm has accelerated, we've also somewhat pulled back on store openings, and so we'll look to balance our portfolio over the longer term as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Let me add my congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe I'll just dovetail off Matt's question. Could you talk about how the SG&A in the fourth quarter, maybe what the book ends at the different range of the scenarios you planned? Or what were some of the -- what are some of the big swing factors between the high end and the low end of the scenarios you're thinking about in the quarter? 
 And then I guess, looking out to next year, Calvin, how would you stratify -- I guess, with what you've learned this year and how your customers changed, how would you stratify what you think are the incremental growth drivers to lean into? 
 And I guess, referencing Matt's question, as you think about investing coming off this, given that the growth next year pivots back to stores, that's where you have the majority of your fixed cost and leverage, is there a scenario where the SG&A could grow faster than revenues next year to get back on track to that 5-year plan? 
Meghan Frank: So I'll take the first part of your question. So in terms of SG&A, we're not providing specific guidance for Q4. But as I mentioned, we do expect Q4 to deleverage slightly more than what we experienced in Q3. And we do -- we do plan the business prudently and manage costs effectively as we move through the fourth quarter. That really is driven by 2 pieces that deleverage. So the first would be due to this pressure on store traffic remaining below last year's levels and the impact that has on the P&L. And the second piece would be our investment in MIRROR. 
 So as we mentioned, we see MIRROR as being modestly dilutive to earnings in 2020. The majority of that dilution will impact Q3 and Q4 given the seasonality of the business and the investment that we've been discussing in terms of marketing to capture new guests with the benefit really coming over the long term in that business. 
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just add, in terms of the multiple scenarios, we've looked at, there are a number of growth drivers that we anticipate will continue and accelerate from '20 into '21. 
 As I mentioned, we're excited about the growth in women's, the growth coming from not just a strong bottoms business, but an acceleration in the additional adjacent categories. And those categories are ones in which the team has been working on, newness and innovation for the past few years in bras, in tops for example, in OTM. And next year, the innovation and the addition into those categories continues as we also continue to launch newness into our bottoms business. 
 So I see a continual growth in the women's business. Men's is showing the pace in which it's reaccelerating, and I anticipate next year that it will be back at its momentum coming into '20 as we resume to some degree of normalcy. 
 The international business incredibly strong. We've learned so much this year about the power of e-commerce. And I think that will continue to allow us to drive our omni initiatives across many markets into next year. 
 And I'll just end with guest. We've acquired a number of exciting guests through COVID this year. One that came to us through e-commerce and haven't shopped our physical store because of a variety of constraints and the ability to migrate them into the store and have them become an omni guest. And then the increase in our omni guest portfolio within our existing a store-only guests became omni and shopped with us online and how we leverage those opportunities and continue to drive the share of spend with us going into next year. 
 So multiple scenarios but all very positive on the back of product and the innovation that we're launching heading into next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations on the performance and everybody on their promotions. Well-earned. 
 Calvin, I guess my first question for you is, traditionally, showrooms and brand strength itself has been the driving force of advertising. Wondering as you become a global brand with a huge little footprint, what's your philosophy on investing more in demand creation? 
 And then Meghan, for you, what have you learned about attachment rate of product purchases in combination with MIRROR sales? And what portion of the MIRROR customer file overlaps with that of lulu? 
Calvin McDonald: I believe we have an exciting opportunity with our brand to drive awareness to, therefore, drive consideration and help fuel guest acquisition and add to the growth potential that lululemon has. 
 We talk a lot about the unaided awareness within men's and the opportunity to recruit more men to drive the awareness behind the brand and recruit. But that also exists for women. And it exists even in our more mature markets like the U.S. and Canada, not to mention international. 
 So as you know, Nicky Neuberger joined us in the new role of Chief Brand Officer earlier this year, and she has already made an impact in assembling the talent of that team. And I'm excited how we're positioned heading into next year to drive into some of those initiatives and opportunities. 
 We see a huge opportunity around earned media, and doing more with that as well as just the current initiatives we deploy to drive awareness and recruit. So you'll definitely see in '21 an increased effort and tactics of how we go within North America, but also internationally to tackle some of the opportunities we have with the brand and driving awareness and consideration. 
Meghan Frank: And in terms of MIRROR and overlap with lululemon, I'd say we're still very early in our integration with 18 stores open and learning a lot there. But what we did see in diligence was approximately a 50% overlap. So we do believe that the brands are very compatible, and we're excited about what we can create in the future. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-09-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Meghan Frank, SVP, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Alex Grieve, VP, Controller.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. I'm excited to be here with you today to provide an update on our performance for the second quarter, share our learnings as we continue to adapt to and navigate the uncertain COVID-19 environment and highlight trends we're seeing in the business as we look forward to the back half of the year. The results we're sharing today demonstrate the strength of the lululemon brand as we face these unexpected times and see the future of retail accelerate through an expansion of e-commerce and digital sweat offerings.
 Our product, built with technical innovation and performance fabrics, is ideal for enabling the work-from-home and versatile lifestyle that has grown exponentially in the COVID-19 world. Building upon these components, our acquisition of at-home fitness innovator, MIRROR, and our continued expansion globally demonstrates our ability to navigate the near term while planning for the long-term growth.
 Today, I'm joined by Meghan Frank, our SVP of Financial Planning and Analysis, who continues to be a supportive partner as she works with me and the team on strategic and operational finance while our CFO search is ongoing. Alex Grieve, our VP and Controller, is also on the call today and will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A portion.
 Before I detail our results, I'd like to speak for a moment about the importance of diversity and inclusion at lululemon. As I mentioned on our last call, we are committed to increasing our investment in education, behavior change and diverse representation within our organization. The Black Lives Matter movement has ignited lululemon and our collective, serving as a powerful catalyst to critically examine our culture and practices. Back in June, we created IDEA, a commitment to create real and lasting change through inclusion, diversity, equity and action. As a company, we are focused on meaningful transformation, shifting our mindsets and behaviors and living into our core value of inclusion every day. I look forward to sharing our progress on this going forward as the diversity of our workforce truly begins to reflect the global communities in which we operate.
 Let me turn now to our business performance in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations. Total revenue increased 2%. Consistent with quarter 1, we are not reporting same-store sales due to the significant number of stores that remained closed during the beginning of the quarter. Our e-commerce business continued to accelerate, with comps in quarter 2 increasing 157%. Gross margin declined 80 basis points, and our product margin was flat with last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.74 versus $0.96 last year, and our financial position remains strong as we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in total liquidity.
 As we continue to operate and move through the COVID-19 environment, we are seeing a shift in behavior in terms of working from home, sweating from home and the increased importance of living an active and healthy lifestyle. These trends play to our strengths and set up an opportunity for us to continue to innovate and gain market share. We are learning how our guests are changing their behaviors, and we're adapting and engaging with them in new ways. We remain committed to our Power of Three growth plan, including the doubling of men's, doubling of e-commerce and quadrupling international by 2023. But we also recognize that 2020 is likely an inflection point for retail and for lululemon, with certain changes in guest behaviors likely to endure in the post-COVID-19 world. We believe lululemon is uniquely positioned to engage with our guests when, where and how they want based on the strength of our brand, the strength of our operating model and the investments we've been making across the business.
 One of our key strengths is our omni operating model. For the last several years, we've been investing in our ecosystem to ensure we have the capabilities to enable a seamless and enjoyable experience whether guests want to engage with us virtually, in stores or in the community. What we're learning now during the COVID-19 environment is that omni means much more to our guests than simply enabling purchase transactions across our channels. While our recent investments in transactional omni capabilities are clearly paying off as evidenced by our recent results, we have begun to view other areas of our business, including sweat and events through an omni lens. Let me now share some of the details.
 As our stores continue to recover, our e-commerce business has accelerated from a 41% comp in quarter 4 of last year to 157% comp in the current quarter. Similar to quarter 1, we've seen a healthy mix of new guests, existing e-commerce guests and historically retail-only guests now shopping with us online. In order to support growth in the business, capture a potential further increase in demand in quarter 4 and ensure our guests continue to receive the highest level of service, we've accelerated investments this year within our e-commerce channel. These investments include developing site enhancements, building our transactional omni functionality and increasing fulfillment capabilities. These further enhancements were on our road map for the next 2 years. And given our e-commerce business has currently accelerated beyond our expectations, we prioritized and pulled forward these investments.
 We're also continuing to grow our brand and engage with our guests across our international markets. In China, we're experiencing a strong rebound in-store with same-store sales up over 30%, coupled with strength in e-commerce which grew over 130% in quarter 2. And in Europe, a greater than 160% lift in e-commerce is driving our business as guests are engaging with us more online than ever. When looking at store growth in our regions in quarter 2, we opened 9 new locations across Asia and Europe, including our 100th location in APAC, an exciting milestone for our brand in this key growth market.
 Let me shift now to speak about the recovery of our store business. While this period continues to be unpredictable, we currently have approximately 97% of our stores open across the globe to serve our guests. On average, our reopened stores are performing at 75% of last year's volume. As you know, our stores are small and designed to be an efficient use of space with high levels of traffic, which results in high productivity. While these are appealing attributes, the current capacity constraints understandably limit the number of guests who can be in the store at one time. While we're seeing traffic declines relative to last year and expect these constraints to endure at least through the end of the year, the underlying health of our brand remains strong. Guests are patiently lining up to get into our stores, both physically and through our virtual tools. Our product continues to resonate well as evidenced by the strength of our e-commerce channel. And while we expect productivity for stores that we've reopened to remain consistent with the current levels for the remainder of the year, we still expect to grow our top line in quarter 3 and quarter 4. We continue to believe physical stores are and always will be an extremely important part of our ecosystem.
 From a sales standpoint, our stores are highly productive, and they enable so much more than simply the purchase of apparel by our guests. Our stores are our local hub and communities across the globe, gathering spots for our ambassadors and our connection to local studios, facilitate e-commerce transactions via our ship-from-store and buy online, pick up in-store capabilities and are a portal to bring new guests into our brand, particularly men. This year, we plan to open 30 to 35 net new stores while also accelerating our seasonal store strategy.
 In quarter 2, we operated just over 50 seasonal stores, and we plan to increase to approximately 70 in the second half of the year. Our strategy this holiday will include seasonal stores in key centers and markets where we have existing stores to help us mitigate the current capacity constraints. That being said, we are building new and leveraging our current transactional omni capabilities to ensure a quick and seamless shopping experience for both our store and e-commerce guests. Some of our actions include: first, we have evolved our buy online, pick up in-store functionality to buy online, pick up at curbside. Second, we have enabled virtual waitlists so guests no longer have to wait in line and instead can be notified via text when it is their turn to enter the store. This functionality has been particularly well received. In the month of August alone, we had nearly 400,000 individual guests utilizing our virtual waitlist across nearly 280 locations where we implemented the technology. Third, we have continued to expand the number of our omni educators who receive special training, enabling them to help guests in-store and virtually through our guest education center. And fourth, we continue to offer our digital educator and virtual concierge programs, and both initiatives continue to be well received by guests. This innovation demonstrates our consistent ability to be agile and anticipate the evolving needs of our guests.
 We have also enabled omni sweatlife capabilities to help our guests stay active, both physically and digitally. Many of our ambassadors have been offering live streams on our social channels, and we now offer digital content as part of our membership program in the cities where our tests are underway. I'm also excited that in August, we were able to convert our annual SeaWheeze Half Marathon into an extremely successful virtual event in which over 23,000 people from more than 100 countries participated, including myself. We partnered with the running app, Strava, and offered a 10K distance in addition to our half marathon. We also curated virtual training programs for both races to help runners prepare and compete at the height of their ability.
 Shifting now to product innovation. Our guests are now working and sweating from home more than ever, and we continue to be there for them with merchandise that offers versatility and flexibility powered by the technical innovation of Science of Feel. I'm excited to share the ways in which we are making our assortment relevant to more of our guests. Last month, we expanded our On The Move collection with the introduction of new pant styles for both women and men supported by our Everyday is a Workout campaign. These styles leverage our expertise in technical construction and developing technical fabrics, but they were explicitly designed for out-of-studio use. For women, we launched the City Sleek 5 Pocket powered by our Warpstreme fabric. And for men, we rolled out the Bowline pant in our new Utilitech fabric.
 Initial response to these new styles has been strong. In particular, the City Sleek has exceeded our expectations by a factor of 2, was the #1 performing style in the company during the initial days of the launch, and we're chasing into additional inventory to help keep up with demand. While we will always lead with performance-based apparel and technical innovations, we see continued opportunity to grow the On The Move portion of the business for both women and men.
 I'm also pleased with our move toward more inclusive sizing. This is an important step forward for lululemon, and I'm excited that later this month we will start to offer some of our core styles in sizes 0 to 20, and this is just the beginning. By the end of 2021, the majority of our women's assortment will be available in our more inclusive size range.
 When looking at the men's business overall, we saw a sequential improvement relative to quarter 1, although it lagged behind the growth in the women's business. As the work-from-home and sweat-from-home environment continues, we have seen our male guests respond more enthusiastically to shorts, sweats and hoodies. Our merchant teams are chasing into these categories so we can maximize these businesses based on the current shift in demand. And our brand teams are focused on continuing to raise awareness among men and our dual-gender lines such as On The Move provide an opportunity to grow in both the men's and women's business.
 Our opportunity within product remains in the early innings. We have only just begun to leverage our work within the Science of Feel innovation platform, and we have ample ways to expand our key categories: run, train, yoga and on the move. In addition, the lululemon brand is positioned well to take advantage of the shifts we're seeing in the marketplace towards apparel that provides versatility, comfort and technical innovation.
 Before shifting to our outlook, let me update you on 2 of our omni guest initiatives, MIRROR and membership. MIRROR is a further example of how we're considering and evolving new aspects of our business through an omni lens. As you know, we closed on the MIRROR transaction in early July, and I couldn't be more excited with the potential MIRROR brings to lululemon and the opportunities lululemon brings to MIRROR. As I stated when we announced the acquisition, MIRROR is a stand-alone revenue generating company, and their management team will continue to operate the business from their offices in New York. There is no need for heavy integration work and we have begun the process of bringing them into the lululemon family so that we benefit from our collective strengths. We're on track to begin offering the MIRROR in 10 to 15 lululemon stores in the United States by early quarter 4, when we'll also begin leveraging our digital channels to help build their brand awareness. From a financial standpoint, we continue to believe that MIRROR will be modestly dilutive to earnings this year. We plan to ramp up marketing and advertising spend in the second half of the year to fuel MIRROR's momentum during the holiday season and into 2021. The initial work we're doing with MIRROR during the upcoming fall season will set the stage for next year when we expect to be more aggressively leveraging the power of the lululemon ecosystem to grow the MIRROR business. Meghan will provide you with more details in a moment.
 Shifting to membership, I'm excited to announce we are continuing to test our program in Edmonton, Chicago and Denver. And starting this week, we'll also bring the program to our guests in Toronto for the first time. The membership program continues to celebrate community connection and provides a range of offerings, such as special products, dedicated online sweat classes and inspiring guest speakers to extend the lululemon experience. With COVID-19 in mind, I'm proud of how our teams have evolved to a virtual event format with plans to return to studio classes and physical gatherings once safe to do so. As we continue to test and learn through membership and integrate MIRROR into the lululemon family, we are gaining valuable insights on guest behavior that can help us further improve our offering and enhance the ability of our guests to fully experience the sweatlife.
 Let me now share our thoughts on how we're approaching the second half of the year. Meghan will share some specifics regarding our financial outlook, but I wanted to provide you with our planning framework for the fall season. Our starting point is that the environment remains uncertain. COVID is not yet contained in many of the markets where we operate. And while we expect the recovery to advance, we continue to plan for multiple scenarios this fall and particularly for the holiday season. We have pulled forward several IT investments related to our e-commerce business, increased our DC and fulfillment capabilities and are continuing to grow the ranks of our omni educators to ensure our guests receive the service and experience they are accustomed to should our e-commerce business spike even more in quarter 4. We continue to work with our vendors to ensure the proper timing of upcoming merchandise flows and can pull forward deliveries of select styles should unanticipated demand develop. And we continue to protect our downside by tightly managing expenses and the outlay of capital.
 Let me now turn it over to Meghan. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Calvin. I'll start by providing details on our Q2 performance. And although we are not providing specific guidance, I will offer some color on our outlook for the remainder of the year. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. Please note that the adjusted Q2 financial metrics I will share include the operating results of MIRROR beginning on July 7, the date the transaction closed, but exclude $11.5 million of pretax acquisition-related costs. You can refer to our earnings release and Form 10-Q for more information and reconciliations to our GAAP metrics.
 For Q2, total net revenue increased 2% to $903 million. And while we are still in the COVID-19 recovery phase, this was above our expectations of a high single digit decline. In our digital channel, we posted a 157% constant dollar comp increase on top of a 31% increase last year. Given the significant number of temporary store closures in Q2, we do not feel store comp is a meaningful metric to evaluate performance. As we evaluate our top line performance, we will continue to be focused on total revenue, our digital business trends and open store recovery trends, which I will offer some additional color on as we move into our outlook.
 Square footage increased 15% versus last year driven by the addition of 46 net new stores since Q2 of 2019. During the quarter, we opened 17 new stores: 8 in North America, 4 in Mainland China, 3 in other markets across Asia and 2 in Europe. We also completed 2 planned optimizations. In terms of our digital channel, e-comm contributed approximately $554 million of top line or 61% of total revenue. Our constant dollar e-comm comps exceeded our expectations, increasing 157%. Excluding the impact of our online warehouse sale, e-comm comps grew 137%.
 While we were pleased with our online warehouse sale results, I did want to highlight that overall for the quarter, we saw strength in full price sales as reflected in our flat product margin results year-over-year. In terms of e-comm drivers, we continue to see strength in traffic and conversion, which increased over 90% and 45%, respectively. Traffic was driven by channel shift, coupled with investments in digital marketing. And conversion continues to benefit from guest response to our product and the investments we've made in our global digital platforms to improve guest experience.
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $489.5 million or 54.2% of net revenue compared to 55% of net revenue in Q2 2019. The gross margin decline of 80 basis points was driven by 130 basis points of deleverage on DC-related costs, which was offset by 40 basis points of product and cost leverage and 30 basis points of occupancy and depreciation leverage. Product margin was flat year-over-year, inclusive of our online warehouse sale, as lower product costs and product mix offset higher markdowns. We also experienced a 20 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange.
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach in the current environment has been to protect against downside while also ensuring we continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $353 million or 39.1% of net revenue compared to 36% of net revenue in Q2 2019. The deleverage in the quarter resulted predominantly from lower revenue due to COVID-19-related store closures and our commitment to continue to pay our employees through this period of disruption, costs associated with COVID-related supplies and PPE, deleverage on depreciation and deleverage from MIRROR. These were partially offset by expense reductions relative to our original budget, coupled with the recognition of some government wage subsidies in the quarter.
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was approximately $136 million or 15% of net revenue compared to 19% of net revenue in Q2 2019. Adjusted tax expense for the quarter was $39.2 million or 28.9% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 26.4% a year ago. The increase in our adjusted effective tax rate compared to last year relates primarily to changes in guidance associated with certain U.S. tax reform measures, which reduced the effective tax rate in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $96.3 million or $0.74 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.96 in Q2 of 2019.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $53 million for the quarter compared to approximately $67 million in the second quarter last year. Q2 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, technology spend to support our business growth, digital channel and analytics capabilities and supply chain investments.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion of total liquidity. We have $523 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $700 million of available capacity under our committed revolving credit facilities. Inventory grew 36% versus last year and was $673 million at the end of Q2. We now believe Q1 was the high point for year-over-year inventory increases for 2020. We expect levels in the second half to moderate further and increase in the 20% to 30% range. Our repurchase program remains on pause as part of our COVID-19 cash management strategy. We have approximately $264 million remaining on our current $500 million repurchase plan.
 Let me shift now to current trends and share with you some color on how we're looking at the remainder of the year. Due to the dynamic nature of the macro environment, we are not yet returning to our historical cadence of providing specific guidance for the current quarter and fiscal year. We continue to plan for a number of scenarios in order to ensure we have the appropriate flexibility to manage the business through a range of second half outcomes. These include scenarios around store trend recovery in light of continued COVID-19 impacts across the globe. We are focused on and benefiting from leveraging our omni model and digital strength as we navigate this uncertainty. We've continued to see guests shift between channels, which has driven outsized growth on our e-commerce sites. As Calvin mentioned, we pulled forward investments in our digital channel to ensure our guests continue to receive an elevated experience when shopping our sites and to maximize second half and holiday business.
 In terms of stores, we currently have approximately 97% of our stores open across the globe, with only a handful of closures in North America and Australia. All of our distribution centers are up and running. The average productivity of our reopened store is approximately 75% of last year's volume. As we continue to prioritize our people and our guests, we are still limiting capacity and operating on reduced hours in many locations. We believe these restrictions, coupled with our relatively small store size and high productivity comparisons, continue to impact guest traffic. When looking at new store openings for 2020, we expect to open 30 to 35 net new stores with 15 net new stores opened through the end of Q2. These openings will contribute to a low double-digit increase in square footage for the year. In addition, we are maintaining our seasonal store strategy. We operated just over 50 seasonal stores in Q2 and plan to operate approximately 70 in the second half of the year.
 Looking forward, for the business overall, we continue to anticipate the trend in total revenue growth to improve sequentially throughout the remainder of the year. Inclusive of MIRROR in Q3, we expect total revenue to increase in the mid to high single digit range, with Q4 increasing in the high single to low double-digit range. It's important to note that our view on total revenue growth in the back half assumes no improvement to the 75% productivity levels we're currently experiencing in reopened stores. In our digital channel, we expect revenue to remain strong and well above our pre-COVID growth rates of 30% to 40%, but moderate in the second half relative to Q2 with the majority of stores open. And finally, we are now assuming that MIRROR will generate in excess of $150 million in revenue for the full year 2020, up from our initial expectation, which was revenue in excess of $100 million.
 We made the strategic decision to increase marketing spend for MIRROR in the second half to take advantage of current trends towards sweating from home and capitalize on the opportunity to drive business during the holiday season and into next year. The increased marketing spend, which will help acquire new guests in the near term and should also produce a return over the longer term through increased product and brand awareness, will contribute to modest earnings dilution reflected in our outlook.
 For gross margin, we continue to expect the second half of the year to be better than the first half with the decline relative to last year in Q3, followed by flat to modestly up gross margin in Q4. We remain on track to deliver savings of $40 million in non-merchandise expenses included within gross margin relative to our original budget.
 In terms of SG&A for the full year, we expect deleverage to continue in the back half as we prudently invest in select growth initiatives, particularly digital and store traffic likely remains below last year's levels. In addition, while MIRROR'S dilution on our P&L will be modest for the year overall, the bulk of this will be realized within SG&A, contributing to deleverage in Q3 and Q4. We remain on track to realize $130 million in gross SG&A savings by the end of the year relative to our original budget.
 With regard to earnings per share compared to a year ago, if we look at just the lululemon business, we expect an adjusted EPS decline in the 10% to 15% range in Q3 and adjusted EPS to grow modestly in Q4. When looking at our combined results for lululemon and MIRROR, we expect an adjusted EPS decline in the 15% to 20% range in Q3 and a modest decline in Q4. For the full year 2020, excluding acquisition costs, we continue to expect MIRROR to be modestly dilutive at less than 5%.
 In terms of capital spending, we expect CapEx for 2020 to be below our original budget and generally in line with last year. We are prioritizing spending on digital and omni initiatives and fulfillment capabilities while pulling back somewhat on new store openings and remodels.
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I'd like to reiterate that we are cautiously optimistic with regard to the holiday season, and we continue to plan the business based on multiple performance scenarios. Our guidance assumes store productivity remains consistent with the levels we've seen recently and we experience ongoing strength in our e-commerce business. Longer term, we remain committed to our Power of Three growth plan, and we're excited with the opportunities that remain in front of us.
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan, and I want to take this moment to also thank all of the lululemon employees around the world who continue to be agile, nimble and creative as we meet and exceed the expectations of our guests during this time. I'm proud of the resiliency and flexibility of the business that allows us to deliver results like these that demonstrates both our near-term and long-term strength. And I continue to be impressed by how our leadership team is showing up, both as they lead their teams and strategically co-create our future. We all feel that lululemon is becoming stronger quarter-by-quarter and it's a testament to our people, our ability to innovate and our enduring connection with our guests we love to serve.
 We're now pleased to take your questions. Operator, we can now open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to ask about how you're thinking about managing any holiday volume challenges, whether store capacity constraints or higher shipping costs? It sounds like you'll be opening some seasonal stores to help with that. Are there any other plans in place to try to ensure that you can successfully manage through this tough 4Q environment? 
Calvin McDonald: Lorraine, it's Calvin. Absolutely. I'd break it into a couple of key strategic buckets that we've been working on. Early on, the first was pulling forward our investments to ensure that the infrastructure, both our supply chain as well as our websites around the world, were ready for the type of volume that we're anticipating. We've run a variety of scenarios. If you think, obviously, fourth quarter volume is the highest volume within a year, and we're seeing exponential growth on e-commerce. So we sort of applied that modeling to the back half as sort of the benchmark of what we needed to prepare for. And we pulled those investments forward to ensure readiness on the sites and the infrastructure in order to support. And then we've been investing into the guest experience, call center being one of the key areas, looking at how we can mobilize our educators to not just be able to work in the physical, but as well as being able to service our guests online, both through a concierge service as well as a call center. So leaning in and ensuring that we have the infrastructure to support and the guest education center to support are 2 of the big important factors, and that's anticipating our online volume.
 In the physical space, there is a variety of initiatives that we keep innovating to take away the operating constraints. That's the reality of operating through COVID. We've all seen the lines at our stores. We know that guests are willing and are waiting to queue up. And our challenge is, how do we get more into the store and transact at a quicker rate. So a variety of innovations have gone into that from the virtual lineups that I shared as well as how we just check guests out and service them outside of the store. And then the seasonal stores is a big shift as well, tapping into our nimble fleet, where last year, in fourth quarter, we had 51 seasonal stores. This year, we're planning on 70. And in some locations, we may even be doubling up in a mall or a location where we have an existing store so we can pick up some of that overflow. So those things combined, we feel good that we'll be ready for the volume where we need to be and maximizing the potential of physical space with some of the innovation that I shared with you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: On the product margin, can you walk through some of the drivers there relative to the strength that you saw in Q1? I guess, specifically, I'm wondering how much of an impact the warehouse sale had on the quarter and whether the plus 180 you saw in the first quarter might be a better indicator of the underlying run rate of the business. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Mark. It's Meghan. So we were really pleased with the strength we saw in product margin in the quarter. You heard we did do an online warehouse sale, which compressed really with our stores closed, markdown selling into one period. But when we look across the quarter, we saw some really nice strength out of full price selling. We're not going to offer color on product margin specifically as we move into the second half, but we are expecting gross margins in the second half of the year to be better than the first half and expect a decline in Q3, returning to gross margin expansion year-over-year in Q4. 
Mark Altschwager: That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up. Thanks for all the detail on the productivity trends and digital. Just any further help on what you're seeing quarter-to-date in each of the channels relative to what you saw in the second quarter? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we are tracking relatively in line with the top line color we provided, which is total revenue growth in the mid to high single digit range for the quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt McClintock with Raymond James. 
Matthew McClintock: It's McClintock but good job trying. Honestly, I wanted to start with just fulfillment capacity. And it's kind of a follow-up to Lorraine's question, but I want to understand the investments that you're making in terms of fulfillment volume, your ability to handle more volume on the customer service, your ability to deal with customer service with these higher, higher levels of volume. Where does that position you longer term? I understand you're getting ready for the fourth quarter, but I want to think 2 years out, 3 years out. Are you building the ability to handle volume 5 years from now, 6 years from now? Or is this because you're growing so fast, you're still trying to just kind of keep up with that and still have some safety room. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. We're definitely well ahead of the volume that we had anticipated, modeled in our 5-year growth plan that we shared last spring. And under the Power of Three and when we looked at doubling our digital business, we are definitely trending ahead of that run rate. So these investments that we're making this year, I would break into a number of factors. One is our distribution capability of both fulfilling stores as well as e-commerce orders, ensuring we have the right safety measures in place to maintain continuity of operating the DCs, which I'm very proud of the work that the team did to date to operate through while maintaining and putting the health and safety of our warehouse distribution employees front and center.
 On the website, improving ongoing stability, the ability to take the traffic and convert. And we saw traffic in quarter 2 increase by 91%. Conversion increased by 46%. So these, combined with the volume, are ahead of where we anticipated. And there's just general infrastructure investments you need to make to be able to scale a business like that. Fortunately, we're predominantly cloud-based now, which allows us to more easily expand both in North America and internationally.
 Internationally, our total business was up 37%. That's including stores. In the quarter, every region in Europe and APAC and China grew, and we saw significant growth in e-commerce. So we're experiencing it in all markets, and we're investing there in the infrastructure to support that volume. We're definitely going to come out of the year ahead of where we thought we would be in the 5-year plan on a dollar perspective, and we'll continue to invest in as we look forward to the '23 plan and then obviously, our planning beyond that, prioritizing the investments. I mean, the center of our strategy is an omni ecosystem and approach and digital plays a big part of that. We're going to keep investing to ensure that we support the growth of the business and take a long-term view on it. 
Matthew McClintock: And then just as a follow-up, we started noticing a lot more lululemon instructors on MIRROR. And I was just -- because you talked about starting to integrate the 2 companies a little bit. I wanted to get your thoughts on bringing your ecosystem on MIRROR and how that's impacting local communities? Are you seeing engagement, greater engagement levels in local communities where you have maybe local instructors teaching on MIRROR now? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks. I would say, as we've alluded, it's very early. And we started a partnership with MIRROR over a year ago, last spring. And in fact, through that partnership, we had some of our lululemon ambassadors on the MIRROR platform last fall. And that gave us a lot of test-and-learn opportunities to see how the MIRROR guest was interacting with both that ambassador as well as the interaction of at-home sweat. And that, among with many other metrics, gave us the confidence and led to the excitement about making the acquisition. So we look forward. We are moving forward with the notion of a light integration. We're only going to be selling in 10 to 15 stores this year, selling it on lululemon.com as a means to building awareness. And it really is set up as a test and learn and focus on '21.
 And as Meghan shared, even with the light integration, we're anticipating a solid improvement in their forecast shared earlier, revenues in the $150 million. And as we continue to integrate, as we continue to tap into the ambassadors and the community and expand selling into more of our stores, we're excited about that growth opportunity. Center of how we're viewing our strategy moving forward and where we feel it's very unique versus some other players is the omni ecosystem that's going to include both physical and digital sweat. So the lululemon membership is rooted in physical sweat, MIRROR is rooted predominantly in digital sweat, and we see a relationship between the 2 and at the community level. So we will continue to innovate and expand into that with more to share, but that is really the unique point of our strategy and vision. And MIRROR fits into it well and will be a part of the community, both digitally as well as within the physical representation of our ambassadors, our stores and others as we look to drive that business forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Calvin, I was wondering if you can talk about product category expansion and the introduction of ongoing innovation and newness for both the back half of this year and then into 2021. And then Meghan, if you can just talk to us about how you've moved through inventory through the -- I think there were 3 channels that you mentioned or strategies last time and how we should think about that at the end of both 3Q and 4Q? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks. In terms of our product expansion, we've shared the 4 key sweat activities that we're focused on as a business: run, train and yoga, with on the move being one of the key categories, and we're sort of taking a unique point of view as our most recent campaign sort of picked up on, which is the notion, life is a sport. And we see a lot of growth just in how we provide head-to-toe options and solutions for the guests in those activities. Equally, we have a number of sweat activities that our loyal guests choose as either their secondary or tertiary sweat options that we equally see opportunity to expand our current assortment. And we're working to do that. We're innovating into that, and we're excited about bringing a little continual newness as well as continuity to these sweat activities for both our men's business as well as our women's business and accessories. So there is a lot of new innovation in the pipeline. We shared the launch of our pant business this quarter with the City Sleek initiative with much more OTM planned for the back half and into next year and into these new sweat categories. So I continue to be incredibly energized about the product pipeline, both the newness as well as the opportunity we have and what we've already declared and then the expansion of new categories that would be completely incremental for us, building business, footwear in the coming years. So I think it's exciting to see the work that Sun and the team is doing in and around product through Science of Feel. And really believe we're early in what we offer in North America and then even more so internationally, so see a long runway of growth with product. 
Meghan Frank: Great. In terms of inventory, we are pleased with the level of competition coming out of Q2. Our inventory was up 36% year-over-year, which was under our Q1 year-over-year balance. We previously thought end of Q2 would be our high point, and now we expect that will be Q1. So as you know, we did do an online warehouse sale during the quarter, pleased with those results. But again, I'd just point back to, we're also very pleased with our full price sales results. We do expect inventory to moderate in the second half of the year, up 20% to 30% as we move into the third and fourth quarter. And just as, again, a reminder, we do benefit from core being approximately 40% of our assortment. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Nice job in a tough environment. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just 2 quick questions just back on the inventory. I understand the high point has been passed and it's going to moderate in the back half, but 20% to 30% is still pretty well above your sales growth. I'm just trying to understand your comfort with the inventory you're carrying, if we should be on the lookout for more potential events to clear inventory in the third or fourth quarter? And then any chance you guys could explicitly break out the MIRROR revenue contribution that you're planning in Q3 and Q4? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks. It's Meghan. So I think in terms of inventory, what I'd say is, again, just 40% of our assortment is -- approximately 40% is core. And we expect inventory levels to moderate through the second half of the year, as we mentioned, 20% to 30%. As you know, that is above sales growth, but we feel comfortable with the level based on redeploying the inventory and taking into consideration that core portion. We do expect gross margin in the second half of the year to improve relative to the first half. And we expect, again, a decline in Q3 and returning to growth in Q4. And then in terms of MIRROR, we're not going to break down the second half estimate, that $150 million, in excess of $150 million is for the full fiscal 2020. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: I had a question on the e-commerce growth. I was wondering if you could share any more color on the cadence of that growth through the quarter and indeed quarter-to-date. And also whether you might be able to share the composition of e-commerce revenue between existing customers and new to lululemon customers? That would be really helpful. 
Meghan Frank: Great. So in terms of the e-commerce cadence, we had mentioned that we saw 125% when we were reporting Q1 at the start of the quarter. So we did see a pickup as we moved throughout Q2. And we saw 157% for the quarter. And it was 137% excluding the online warehouse sale. We have seen, as I mentioned, in line with our expectation of that year-over-year growth rate moderating as stores open for the full period of Q3 and into the second half. We do expect e-comm to be above the 30% to 40% growth rate that we experienced prior to COVID. 
Alexandra Walvis: Great. Very clear. And then one more question from me. You're expanding the loyalty test to another city, in Vancouver. Any incremental color you can share on what you've learned from the loyalty pilot so far and anything that you're tweaking as you move into the subsequent pilot in Vancouver? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, absolutely. Thanks, Alexandra. First, just to clarify, the added city is Toronto that we're adding. So we're repeating in 3 of the 4 cities, repeating at Edmonton, Chicago and Denver. And we tested in Austin with great results. But we elected to bring in a larger city with Toronto to test and learn. So Toronto is going to be the new market. And what we continue to see and the adjustments we've made, obviously, the essence of the program is rooted in connection and community, with physical being a big part. The team has done a wonderful job shifting to virtual events, be it sweat or speaker series or other tutorials that guests have engaged incredibly well in that really set up a lot of interesting learning as we think forward around the program. And we will moderate as we see studios open and guests being able to physically sweat. But where we've landed is a good balance of physical sweat, combined with access to product and then rooted at the notion of community and connection, $168 for the 1 year, and we go on making it available this week, and we're excited to see the results. And in every test city we've done, we've seen very positive response from the guests, high loyalty and engagement and intent to repeat and it does have a positive impact on their overall purchases of lululemon as well as recruitment of new guests. So from a guest metric standpoint, it's very encouraging. And it's early, and we are taking it through a test-and-learn phased approach. Toronto is going to be a great new addition. COVID has been an interesting balance based on the positioning of the membership program, but I'm very excited about how the guest has continued to engage in it. If anything, it's given us more confidence than not about the potential. And we will test and learn through these markets with plans to continue to look at adding additional markets in the coming year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore. 
Omar Saad: Congratulations on another great quarter. I wanted to ask a little bit more about your international results, kind of compare and contrast versus your core North America market. The China number was pretty impressive. Is that a good -- maybe contrast and compare the patterns you're seeing in those markets online and in stores? Did you see, experience pent-up demand there? Maybe some of the differences you would call out for the kind of consumer behavior patterns you're seeing, the guest behavior patterns you're seeing in North America and Europe as well. It would be great to get that feedback. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Omar. I'll start by just sort of teeing up the North American business. As we've sort of shared, from Q1 to Q2, we're really pleased with the progression we saw in both Canada and the U.S. Stores performed similar in both markets. Predominantly, that's linked to the operating constraints that we had to operate under with small stores that were incredibly productive and we just had challenges being able to match the same productivity numbers as the previous year. And e-commerce, obviously, picked up a large share of that additional demand. And overall, the mix of the business, we're very pleased with, and it was a significant improvement from a Q1 performance.
 Internationally, I'll start with China because it continues to just build steam and momentum from Q1 when we had the early closings to when the stores reopened. And we're seeing incredible growth in both our e-commerce number, which was up 136% in China and stores, which are up significant growth as we saw through the quarter and heading into this quarter. They're benefiting from a lot of the domestic travel that's occurring. But from a brand perspective, we've opened up a number of additional doors and they have all performed well ahead of plan. In Tier 2 cities, we continue to see great growth and reaction to the brand. And we're acquiring new guests, and both channels are performing very strong. So very excited about what we continue to see as an inflection in our business in China and the momentum behind it and the growth that it's driving, which is by far the strongest of any market that we're in to date in this quarter.
 And though in Europe and rest of Asia Pacific, very positive growth, led in e-commerce. E-commerce number similar to that in North America, which is really exciting for us because it's acquiring a new guest and it's resetting how high is high with our online business and potential as we think about assortment, think about our physical real estate strategy and entering into new markets. So I'm excited overall with the performance of our business internationally and continue to see guest acquisition increase the expansion of the brand, led by China, but very strong in all markets that we're in. 
Omar Saad: Great. And then a quick follow-up on MIRROR. Why only 10 to 15 stores for the fourth quarter? Are there capacity constraints or you just want to build it slowly? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. It's definitely build it slowly and test and learn and be able to go a little bit more aggressive in '21. And we're going to test and learn between the balance of making it available and increasing awareness through dot-com, making it available through stores. They're in a good supply chain perspective now. Their average delivery is 7 to 10 days in terms of inventory flow. Obviously, during early COVID, that number was expanded. They've been able to play catch up, and we're sitting in a good position. But we see this as an exciting position long term. And there's good momentum already in that, and we're going to add to it, but it is really test and learn with a focus on '21. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: We'll try this again. Calvin, on the inflection that you cited for retail and for lulu from here, can you first elaborate on investments for market share that you've accelerated during the crisis? And then also on digital, what's the best way to think about the sustainability of digital channel operating margins relative to the 40%-plus that you've achieved the last several years? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I'll touch on the inflection as well as how we're leaning in and how we're planning to continue to lean in. Clearly, health, wellness and functional apparel and trends in apparel have changed dramatically. And I don't foresee them defaulting back to pre-COVID sort of awareness with the guests. I think health and wellness trends are here to stay. I think that some of the trends we've seen in fashion and what guests are going to expect in apparel and in how they dress and how they want their apparel to perform are here to stay. And both of those benefit our brand and our positioning in a number of ways, predominantly linked to our Power of Three growth strategy around product, omni guest and creating that ecosystem as well as market expansion.
 So I'm excited about the potential of growth. And what we do know is, and we've shared this before, is even with the success of our business to date, we have awareness opportunities. We have significant awareness opportunities with men in North America. And in our international markets, awareness and consideration is and remains one of our big exciting opportunities. So we definitely leaned in, in Q3 with digital marketing. Plan to do more of that in the back half and into next year. Part of the success we saw internationally was turning on digital marketing and CRM in a more aggressive way than we've traditionally done in the past and it responded very well. So the teams are going to continue to learn. We're continuing to sort of play with our rollout and what we want and expect from the investments and how we get our brand known and have that awareness metric improve in the coming months and the coming years.
 So I just think the world is looking for more of what we have to offer and our opportunity, we know, is that our awareness around offering it is still a big opportunity for us, and we're going to lean in and invest in the back half of this year and into next year to do that. And that's all part of the guidance and margin that Meghan provided. And it's also inclusive. There's no change to our Power of Three 5-year view of the financial model that we shared as well last spring. So it's all incorporated in that, how we chase and lean. But it's an exciting opportunity for us to drive awareness, and we see the opportunity and we are shifting investment to go after it. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just one follow-up. Just on the digital trend in August and early September, is there any driver of the moderation that you cited relative to the second quarter or maybe just any commentary to think about as we try to think through the magnitude at all as we think about the current momentum that you guys carry so far into the third quarter. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I wouldn't say there's a driver to the moderation. It's really looking at the omni trend overall, which, again, we see in the mid to high single digit range. And just with the lion's share of the stores open, just not seeing as much of a channel shift trend with our guests being able to access our store fleet. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call and have a nice day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-06-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Inc. First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon Athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Lululemon's First quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Sun Choe, Chief Product Officer; Meghan Frank, SVP, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Alex Grieve, VP and Controller. Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of Lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the quarter. 
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard. It's good to speak with all of you again to provide an update on our first quarter, how we are adapting to and navigating the unique challenges presented by COVID-19 and the trends we're currently seeing in the business. I'm pleased to be joined today by Sun Choe, our Chief Product Officer, who will share some product highlights. You'll also hear from Meghan Frank, our SVP of Financial Planning and Analysis. Meghan is one of our seasoned veterans within the finance organization, who has stepped into an expanded leadership role while our CFO search is underway. I'm excited to be working closely with Meghan and appreciate the support she's providing to the organization. 
 Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Alex Grieve, our VP and Controller.  
 Given recent events, I'd like to begin by sharing some thoughts on the tragic deaths of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, and far too many others and the global outrage over long-standing issues of racial injustice and systemic discrimination. Black lives matter. Lululemon unequivocally denounces the unacceptable racial violence and oppression that directly impacts the black community. We are listening and learning and taking action. As a company, we are committed to increasing our investment in education, behavior change and diverse representation within our organization, and calling on our global community to drive positive change into the future. I look forward to sharing more details and our progress on these commitments going forward. 
 Let me turn now to our overall business performance in quarter 1. Total revenue decreased 17%. Due to the significant number of stores closed during the quarter, we are not reporting same-store sales. Our e-commerce business was particularly strong in quarter 1, accelerating as the quarter proceeded. E-commerce comps increased 70%, which is on top of 35% increase last year. This represented a meaningful acceleration relative to our quarter 4 e-commerce comps of 41%. Gross margin declined 260 basis points as deleverage on occupancy and other nonproduct costs offset an increase in product margin, and earnings per share were $0.22 versus $0.74 last year. And our financial position remains strong as we ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in total liquidity. 
 I'd also like to provide some insights into our market share gains. While we typically do not share market share data under these circumstances, the data helps calibrate our performance and reinforces the strength of our brand. In the athletic apparel space, a category that is performing better than other apparel categories, we saw one of our largest quarterly gains in market share in recent years, according to NPD data. Given the challenges presented by COVID-19, our Q1 results unfolded in 3 phases, with each 1 exhibiting unique performance characteristics. We also had key learnings across the quarter.
 Let me now speak to our business performance within each phase. During Phase 1, the pre-COVID time period, we were very pleased with the momentum lululemon carried into the quarter, building off of our strong quarter 4 performance, our business accelerated through early March with total comps increasing over 20%. We saw strength in all of our regions, except Asia, which was already experiencing the effects of the virus by this time. In mid-March, we entered Phase 2 as COVID-19 began to spread across the globe. We moved quickly to protect our people and guests by closing the majority of our stores. While guests in North America and Europe were just beginning to deal with COVID-19, guests in China were beginning to move into the recovery phase. 
 Our total comps in China were positive in March, with strength in our e-commerce business offsetting continued declines in our stores. During this period, as our stores started closing globally, our e-commerce growth began to accelerate. In late March and April, we moved into the early recovery phase. A new normal emerged, and we were encouraged to see how quickly our guests were embracing both working and sweating from home. We saw a significant acceleration in sales trends that resulted in 125% e-commerce comp for the month of April, with this momentum continuing into the second quarter. During this phase, our overall business in China accelerated further as guests began to feel more comfortable returning to the stores. Our total comps in China increased in the low teens in April and have further improved into quarter 2. 
 While this period of time remains uncharted territory, I'd like to share some of our key learnings that are guiding our view of our business, both in the near and long term. We believe this context is valuable given we are not providing detailed financial guidance. In a moment, Meghan will share some directional color for you on Q2 and the full year.
 Let me start by highlighting the strength of our management team. Our full leadership team came together. Our efforts demonstrated our strengths of being globally coordinated and regionally empowered. We stood up a global COVID-19 response team comprised of cross-functional leaders to ensure our actions were informed and appropriate, based on conditions on the ground in each market. As a leadership team, we have never been more aligned globally. The current environment has advanced cooperation across our regions, and we're using the learnings from China to guide our actions in other regions that are now in the recovery phase. 
 Let me shift gears now and speak to the broader lululemon community and our stakeholder relationships. Our collective, including our employees, ambassadors, guests, vendors and landlords has always come first. We acted swiftly during the quarter to support our collective in this crisis by closing the majority of our stores, committing to pay protection for all our employees, launching our We Stand Together fund to assist our employees who were directly impacted by COVID-19, launching our ambassador relief fund and continuing to pay our rent and pay for committed merchandise orders. We believe that by supporting our collective and helping them navigate the day-to-day realities of this period, we will build even stronger relationships and increase the already strong loyalty and trust in lululemon. These decisions are right for our people and for our brand. While there is a near-term impact on our P&L, these investments will serve us well over the long term. 
 I'd also like to highlight the strength and resiliency of our supply chain and distribution network. As our e-commerce business spiked throughout the quarter, we were able to harness the power of our agile distribution network to ensure guests continue to receive a high level of service. We recently implemented intelligent sourcing capabilities that use machine learning and artificial intelligence to route e-commerce orders through our distribution network in the most efficient way. The benefits include increased delivery speed to guests, minimizing costs and efficiently utilizing inventory pools to help reduce markdowns. In terms of inventory management, we acted quickly so that we align future deliveries with our new view of demand. We benefit from an inventory with a relatively high percentage of core product, about 40% overall, that has a shelf life beyond the current season and with limited markdown risk. And while we did see some of our factories in affected regions temporarily shut down, our diversified vendor base has served us well in navigating the day-to-day. Overall, these actions resulted in ensuring we had inventory to fulfill guest demand as our e-commerce business continued to accelerate, built capacity to ensure guests continued to receive the strong service levels as volume increased and we are positioned well from an inventory standpoint for the second half of the year and maintain an ability to react to multiple demand scenarios.
 When looking more closely at our e-commerce business, guests continue to respond to the newness we introduced into our assortments. We leveraged our Science of Feel innovation platform to bring innovation to the market, and Sun will share additional details with you in a moment. 
 We have been investing in our sites in our mobile app for the last several quarters to enhance the guest experience. These investments have improved functionality, including checkout, navigation, search browse and the speed of our sites. And I'm thrilled to see how well these strategic investments are paying off. In recent weeks, we've seen order volumes equivalent to what we experienced during the holiday season in December. 
 As I stated earlier, our e-commerce comps increased 70% in quarter 1 and 125% in April. I'm excited that we were able to create more online growth globally despite the challenges of COVID-19. While our stores were closed in Europe and APAC, the work and investments we have made in our regional sites took center stage and brought to the forefront the considerable potential for our brand across each market and the role e-commerce can play to grow our business. Europe delivered a stellar 170% e-commerce comp in quarter 1. And in Australia, e-commerce comps increased nearly 150%. Our brand is clearly resonating in our international markets, and we continue to believe we can quadruple this business from 2018 levels by 2023. For the e-commerce business overall, our strength was broad-based, driven by both core product and new innovations. From a guest perspective, a healthy combination of existing guests, new guests and store-only guests beginning to transact with us online drove performance. These trends are very encouraging and should drive our growth into the future as we continue to manage these relationships moving forward.
 As we have managed the business through the COVID-19 phases and entered the recovery phase, we have not taken our eye off the future. We have accelerated our innovation in key areas and have prioritized investments in our key growth initiatives. In the early days of the pandemic, we launched our Community Carries On portal on our e-commerce sites globally. This hub allows our guests, both existing and new, to live the Sweatlife through a number of virtual channels. More recently, we launched our digital educator service. This program allows guests to chat with educators via video to help them discover new products, answer their questions on fit, or help them find a gift. This program speaks to the power of our omni-educators and the engagement they can have with our guests, whether in-store or online. 
 We have clearly seen our guests interact with us in new ways via our digital offerings. We expect these behaviors and routines will continue as we move forward. We also believe that at home, virtual workouts will be an additive component of sweat regimens well into the future even as studios reopen and return to normal operations, and we intend to continue to be there for our guests for all their sweaty pursuits, both inside or outside their homes. 
 Let me update you now on where we stand with the store openings and our outlook on the future. As of today, we have reopened approximately 300 store locations across North America, Europe, Asia, New Zealand and Australia. We will reopen the remainder of our stores when it is safe to do so in each community. While we're excited with the early results in our reopened stores and the acceleration we've seen in our e-commerce business, we recognize that many unknowns continue to exist in the external environment. We are moving forward with new store openings in strategic locations, such as Greater China and continuing to invest in our future, but we are also being financially prudent as we move forward. We operate under the principle that we will not take an action in the near term that will hurt our business or our brand in the long term. We have removed $130 million from our originally budgeted SG&A spend for the year and have identified additional opportunities should the ramp we're currently anticipating revenue, failed to materialize. 
 I'd now like to turn it over to Sun, who will share some product highlights. Sun? 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Calvin. First, I'd like to voice my support of Calvin's opening comments on the global movement to eradicate racial injustice and discrimination. I am a person of color and an immigrant, who through hard work and lucky breaks, have been able to overcome racial barriers that tragically still exist today. I am proud to be part of lululemon and to be part of the team committed to driving meaningful and enduring change. Thank you. And with that, I'm happy to be here to share our product results. 
 We continue to leverage our Science of Feel product platform to solve guests' unmet needs and fuel our future growth. We brought new innovation to our assortment in Q1, and I'm excited with what we have untapped for the coming months and quarters. Despite COVID-related store closures, we saw strong demand across key areas of the business driven by the following: One, continued innovation with new launches in the train category; two, the new normal of working and sweating from home; and three, our ongoing ability to leverage our core franchises. Let me share a few highlights on each. 
 From an innovation standpoint, early in Q1, we relaunched our proprietary Everlux fabric in 2 new styles, Wunder Train and Invigorate. These styles are designed for train and our guest response was strong to both. In fact, we saw virtually no cannibalization within our key pants styles, and our women's pants business was one of our best-performing categories in the quarter. 
 Midway through the quarter, as our guests began adjusting to working and sweating from home, we saw a significant increase in demand for our Yoga products, including our Align bottoms, Yoga mats and blocks. We are also seeing our guests gravitate to our train products. In women's, we saw strong demand for Wunder Train and Invigorate bottoms, as I previously mentioned; and for men, we saw strength in our search, pant and jogger as well as our License to Train pant and jogger. Even prior to COVID, we identified significant opportunity to grow our train business for men, much like we have for women, by introducing additional styles of performance pants. We will continue to leverage this opportunity going forward. 
 Finally, when looking at our core franchises, we expanded both our Align and Swiftly collections in Q1. In Align, we expanded into tops with the tank. This is particularly exciting because it is the first time we've expanded an existing bottoms franchise into tops, and the style has been a huge success for us so far. We see this tank being a key growth driver in our tops business and see further runway for us to leverage some of our other pant franchises in similar ways. 
 We also relaunched our Swiftly franchise with Swiftly 2.0. The technology behind the Swiftly makes it ideal for use in running and training, and our recent updates include shorter lengths, enhanced fit characteristics and improved shape retention. Guest response to our enhanced versions of our Swiftly franchise has been strong, and we are excited to build upon the success in our tops business. 
 Looking forward, I'm thrilled with what we have on the horizon to expand our share of closet with our on-the-move category for women. I don't want to give too much away, but later this summer, we'll be launching 3 new pant styles meant for out-of-studio use, but which leverage our expertise in fit, technical fabric and construction that we are famous for in our performance leggings. 
 It is clear to me that the desire to wear technical apparel, which also offers comfort, is here to stay. We do not believe that guests will be willing to forgo either one of these attributes even as they return to their normal lives over the coming months. We at lululemon are extremely well positioned here based on the expertise we've developed over many years, driven by the Science of Feel. The entire body of work underpinning this platform relates to how guests want to feel while wearing clothes, and we've always used this as our foundational principles supporting our innovation. We will continue to leverage this expertise to drive our growth going forward. 
 With that, I'd like to thank our entire product organization, their ingenuity and dedication during this virtual and uncertain time. We remain confident in our innovation pipeline, and I am buoyed by the team's steadfast passion for beautifully solving our guests' unmet needs and how they are creatively responding to the ever-changing climate. 
 And now, over to Meghan to take you through our financials. Meghan? 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Sun. I'll start by providing details on our Q1 performance. And although we are not providing specific guidance, I will offer some color on our outlook for Q2 and the remainder of the year. I will also discuss specifics on our balance sheet, including our cash position, liquidity and inventories. 
 For Q1, total net revenue decreased 17% to $652 million as our business was impacted by the spread of COVID-19 and related store closures. In our digital channel, we posted a 70% constant dollar comp increase on top of a 35% increase last year. Our store comp definition removed stores that were closed for greater than 30 days. Given the significant number of temporary store closures in Q1, we do not feel store comp is a meaningful metric to evaluate performance. Therefore, we are not reporting total comps or store comps. As we evaluate our top line performance, we are focused on total revenue, our digital business trends and open store recovery trends, which I will offer some additional color on as we move into our outlook. 
 Square footage increased 15% versus last year, driven by the addition of 34 net new stores since Q1 of 2019. During the quarter, we opened 4 new stores: 2 in Mainland China, 1 in South Korea and 1 in Hong Kong, and we are pleased with initial performance. Excluding the temporary closures related to COVID-19, we closed 6 stores in the quarter. These were predominantly the ivivva-branded store closures, which we had planned. None of our permanent store closures were related to COVID-19. We also completed 3 planned optimizations. 
 In terms of our digital channel, e-comm contributed approximately $352 million of top line or 54% of total revenue. Our constant dollar e-comm comps were consistent with our Q4 trend through the end of March. And as Calvin mentioned, we saw this accelerate to approximately 125% in April. We experienced accelerated strength in traffic and conversion, which increased over 40% and 25%, respectively. Traffic was driven by channel shift, coupled with investments in digital marketing; and conversion, driven by guest response to our products and the investments we have made in our global digital platforms to improve guest experience. Gross profit for the first quarter was $334 million or 51.3% of net revenue compared to 53.9% of net revenue in Q1 2019. The gross margin decline of 260 basis points include a 180-basis-point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs and favorability in product mix. We did not take any significant inventory write-downs in the quarter. This was offset by 330 basis points of deleverage on occupancy and depreciation, 100 basis points of deleverage on product and supply chain costs and 20 basis points of negative impact from foreign exchange. 
 Moving to SG&A. Our approach has been to protect against downside while also ensuring we continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities. SG&A expenses were approximately $302 million or 46.3% of net revenue compared to 37.4% of net revenue in Q1 2019. The deleverage in the quarter resulted predominantly from lower revenue due to COVID-19-related store closures and our commitment to continue to pay our employees through this period of disruption, which was partially offset by the recognition of some government wage subsidies. 
 Foreign exchange, both translation and revaluation contributed 40 basis points of leverage in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $33 million or 5% of net revenue compared to 16.5% of net revenue in Q1 2019. Tax expense for the quarter was $5.3 million or 15.6% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 26.4% a year ago. This decrease in our effective tax rate compared to last year relates primarily to additional tax deductions for stock-based compensation during the quarter. Net income for the quarter was $28.6 million or $0.22 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.74 in Q1 of 2019.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $52 million for the quarter compared to approximately $68 million in the first quarter last year. Q1 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations, technology spend to support our business growth, digital channel and analytics capabilities and supply chain investments. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.2 billion in total liquidity. We have $823 million in cash and cash equivalents and $400 million of available capacity under our committed revolving credit facility. 
 Inventory grew 41% versus last year and was $626 million at the end of Q1. We view our vendors as partners, and we have not used order cancellations as an inventory or cash management strategy. Our product teams have worked hard to reflow our deliveries for the second half of the year based on inventories on hand and our revised view of demand, and we have honored our commitments to our partners in Q1 and Q2. These commitments, coupled with our store closures, resulted in the Q1 inventory increase and will likely result in a higher increase at the end of Q2 before levels begin to moderate in the second half of the year. I'd also reiterate our clearance strategies have not changed. We have historically relied on 4 vehicles to clear merchandise: in-store markdowns, online markdowns, our outlets and occasional warehouse sales. We currently have no plans to veer from these methods. In addition, approximately 40% of our inventory is comprised of core styles, which are generally seasonless in nature and carry minimal markdown risk. 
 We repurchased approximately $64 million in stock in Q1 for temporarily pausing our share repurchase program as part of our COVID-19 cash management strategy. We have approximately $264 million remaining on our current $500 million repurchase plan. 
 Let me shift now to current trends and share with you some color on how we're looking at the remainder of the year. Due to the dynamic nature of the macro environment, we are not yet returning to our historical cadence of providing specific guidance for the current quarter and fiscal year. We've been looking at a number of scenarios in order to ensure we have the appropriate flexibility to manage the business through a range of outcomes. Important in this has been closely monitoring recovery trends in open markets as well as our digital business to inform both our forecasting and investment decision making. After closing all of our stores in Europe and North America in mid-March, we began the process to welcome guests back mid-May. We currently have approximately 300 stores open in the following regions: approximately 190 in North America, 13 in Europe, 53 in Asia and 39 in Australia and New Zealand, and all of our distribution centers are up and running. 
 We are very pleased with the response we're seeing from our guest scenarios where our stores are open. In China, where our stores have been up and running the longest, we've seen store comps increase approximately 20% in most recent weeks. We're also pleased with the early response we're seeing in North America, which is exceeding our expectations. In addition, our digital business has remained strong throughout, and we've continued to invest in our online and fulfillment experience to ensure we serve our guests and capture demand. For Q2, we expect comps in our digital business to be relatively consistent with our April trend of approximately 125%. 
 Looking forward, for the business overall, we anticipate the trend in total revenue growth to improve sequentially throughout the remainder of the year. Total revenue in Q2 could decline in the high single-digits, improving to a high single-digit increase in Q4. We expect revenue in our digital channel to remain strong in Q2, but moderate in second half as the store business continues to recover. 
 With regard to earnings per share, we anticipate EPS rate declines relative to last year in Q2 and Q3, with a return to EPS growth in Q4. The Q2 decline will likely be better than the decline in Q1, although I would note likely worse than what is implied by current Q2 Factset consensus estimates. 
 In terms of SG&A for the full year, we have identified $130 million in SG&A savings relative to our original budget. However, we expect to deleverage for the year as we continue to pay our people and prudently invest in select growth initiatives on a lower than originally anticipated sales base. We have identified contingency plans for further SG&A reductions beyond the $130 million should the recovery period be more prolonged than what we are currently anticipating. 
 In terms of capital spending, we expect CapEx for 2020 to be below our original budget and generally in line with last year. We are prioritizing spending on digital and omni initiatives and fulfillment capabilities while pulling back somewhat on new store openings and remodels. 
 Before handing it back to Calvin, I'd like to reiterate that our financial position remains strong. Our balance sheet strength and flexibility in our business model is enabling us to effectively manage through the uncertainties of the current macro environment while protecting our people and prudently investing in the future. And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks for the update, Meghan. I'd like to close by letting you know that we remain fully committed to our Power of Three growth plan, which we laid out for you last year. COVID-19 is impacting our performance in 2020 but we remain focused on our 3 key growth pillars and our goals to double men's, double digital and quadruple international by year-end 2023. Within our quarter 1 results, we have much to celebrate, including seeing retail-only guests beginning to transact with us online and transition towards becoming an even more loyal omni-guest. The overall strength and acceleration of our e-commerce business globally with breakout results in Europe and Australia, strong performance from our core franchises, new innovations and the strength of our product pipeline, and the early recovery we are seeing in reopened stores with ongoing strength in our e-commerce business. Finally, I'd like to thank our teams around the globe for their resilience, agility and passion during this period. The enthusiasm for our guests and our community, shared by everyone across lululemon, demonstrates the enduring strength of our brand. 
 Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt McClintock of Raymond James. 
Matthew McClintock: Yes, everyone, and may I say congrats, good job to the entire lululemon organization. Calvin, and probably Sun, too, I wanted to start with consumer behavior changes because prior to COVID, there seemed to be a shift towards comfort within the apparel industry, and it seemed to be something that was in your wheelhouse. And now that COVID happened, it seems like this shift towards product that feels good, et cetera, has accelerated. And I want to know, is that a onetime acceleration? Or is that something that you think the trend will actually now remain at heightened levels of growth? 
 And then when you brought up market share today, I was wondering if you could talk about, are your market share gains, the function of that, maybe you're just more trend-aligned with this? Or is that maybe because some of your competitors have wholesale businesses that rely on more challenged distribution points? That's my first question. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. And I'll start off, and I'll tackle the 2 parts of the question, starting with the last part, which is around market share. And the market share that we look at is the athletic apparel categories within -- I quoted a North American U.S. number. And it definitely is a category that has performed better than other apparel categories over the last number of quarters for a variety of reasons. I think it is comfort. I think it is lifestyle. I think it is a shift to less formal wear. And we've always performed well and beaten the growth in that category. In particular, for this quarter, our performance, I think, does show a shift -- a greater shift to the guest to both our brand as well as to the category, as you mentioned, which I think serves well as we look forward to where our opportunities continue to be. Heading into this, there is less behavior and want. And certain things won't change as a result of COVID-19 and definitely some things will change. And I think the things that won't change play to our strength, and that's living an active, healthy lifestyle. And the things that will change equally play to our strength, and that is more work-from-home, looking for comfort, the role that digital and omni play in that behavior and wants that the guest has. So the shift is, in my opinion, very positive for our brand and the role that we play in it. It has been something we've been building and innovating towards. It's what's driven the success of our products through the work that Sun and the team has done. Sun mentioned On The Move for women's, which is something we've been working on and we'll be launching in quarter 2, which we're very excited about. Again, I think, timely, but something that has been worked on for quite some time to deliver a very unique, exciting product. So I'm excited about the shifts that are happening and how it plays within our category and our role within that. And what we experienced in quarter 1 and will, quite honestly, for a little bit through 2020, are some short-term operational challenges. But the demand for the brand and the demand for the category, I feel, has only strengthened through this. And those short-term operational challenges will mitigate. They will go away. And I feel very good about the long-term position and our strategy and focus on the power of 3 behind that. 
Matthew McClintock: And then my follow-up is just you said that you can react to multiple demand scenarios in the back half of this year. And this is an industry where manufacturing can often be a barrier to entry, a constraint. And I was just wondering if you can maybe comment a little bit on how you treated your manufacturers and your ability to maybe get that capacity at a time where, if possible, there could be a lot of -- I don't know of the out of stocks, but a lot of people were trying to run and trying to case at the same time. 
Calvin McDonald: No, for sure. And I'll take it from just a very high-level strategic position. And it really is interesting when I reflect and look back on the quarter, the different moves that we shifted to where early on with COVID 19, when it was predominantly in China and we were closing our stores, we were very much focused on ensuring our raw material sourcing was well-secured, working with many of our partners on building out sort of quantity of raw materials, so we could get to production of finished goods. And then as it continued to expand, we started to shift and close stores. It started to shift to demand and total quantity that we would need, making decisions in the short term to support our vendor partners, as I mentioned, equally looking forward to quarter 3, quarter 4 and what our current buys were and how we wanted to make adjustments to those. And where we stand coming out of quarter 1 is, obviously, a higher inventory number than some of our peers, but that's because we haven't actioned through markdowns. We haven't actioned by pushing back and not honoring commitments we made. And we have a large portion of our inventory that's not seasonal, that is core, that are colors that sell year-long, and there's a high demand for that product. And as stores open up, that demand will only increase. And as we look forward to the end of the year, we plan to manage, through having more inventory now into managing into more of a traditional inventory level while able to work with our vendor base on pivoting and reacting quicker on styles and/or colors if we deem necessary. So there is a lot of flexibility built in. And I think the commitments we've made and where we stand right now allows us to play in a very effective way heading into the back half of this year. 
Matthew McClintock: I really appreciate it. I wish you all the best of luck. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Calvin, maybe can you speak to the interplay that you're seeing today between e-commerce up over 100% and brick-and-mortar productivity as stores reopen in North America? Maybe specifically, what kind of store comps are you seeing today in North America? And are you seeing e-commerce moderate in any regions where stores have reopened so far? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. I think it's too early to really assess where we're going to sort of find the new norm and mix. What we are seeing -- and I would put this into context with our own team. We have one of the most productive retail models in the industry. Smaller stores, highly productive per square foot, which means we are moving through a lot of volume in small space. And the reality is, as we open up these stores, there are operational constraints through social distancing that we are honoring and respecting and supporting to protect our teams that are going to restrict us hitting those levels as quickly as we might like or, quite frankly, as quickly as the demand of our guest is as a result. I think that we're going to see our store productivity improve as we move through the year. It is currently in and around 75. Some stores are at 100%. It really does balance between market and time in. Stores are doing a wonderful job in how to service the guests and address the needs outside of the store, so we can get those that would have shopped inside the store. But that's how I'm viewing the store productivity number. 
 Heading into quarter 2 with e-commerce, we mentioned growth coming out of April of 125%. We've seen that accelerate coming into May and June. I think throughout the quarter, we're going to probably see that settle back in and around the 125% range. But as of right now, we have about 50% of our fleet in North America open. We're happy with the productivity numbers. We know it's going to be a little bit longer for us to hit our industry-leading numbers. But e-comm has currently accelerated, and we'll see where that mix is back. But I think both are just an indication of a strong demand for the product, short-term operational challenges that we're working through, but very positive in terms of the demand for the product and what we're seeing from the guest. 
Matthew Boss: That's great to hear. And then just a follow-up on gross margin. What's the best way to think about mix versus markdowns as we think about product margins, maybe in the second quarter or back half of the year relative to the 180 basis points of expansion that you saw in the first quarter? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Matt. It's Meghan. We're not going to provide specific guidance on product margin as we move throughout the year, but what we are providing is that we expect gross margin pressure to be slightly more in Q2 versus what we saw in Q1. And then we also expect gross margin performance in the second half of the year to be better than the first half as sales recover. I'd also note that we are expecting $40 million in overhead cost savings within our margin bucket, similar to the buckets we called out in the $130 million in SG&A savings we expect for the full year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow-up on the inventory number. Can you talk to what proportion of that inventory is core? And then also, how much of your buys have you committed to for the back half at this point? 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, thanks, it's Meghan. Yes. So in terms of the inventory proportion that is core, it's 40 -- approximately 40% of our assortment. We have, at this point, committed to our second half purchases through winter. We do have some flexibility within that as a large part of our assortment is core in that 40%. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: And first, let me just say that your comments and statements on Black Lives Matters is noticed and appreciated. So thank you for that. In terms of the P&L, just as we think about the channel mix, with such strong and robust online growth, could you just remind us of how we should think about the profitability and margins in that channel and how they may differ, if at all, from your sales. I mean, your store sales. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. So our e-comm channel is more profitable than our store channel. However, we do look at the business as an omnichannel business. Over the longer term, as the situation normalizes, we expect to remain committed to our long-term growth strategy of sales in the mid-teens, modest gross margin expansion, modest SG&A leverage and EPS growth in excess of sales. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan of Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on all the momentum. Could you just dive in a little bit more in terms of the in-store trends you're seeing currently? I think you said you have about 50% of the fleet in North America open. Just given the digital guidance you're giving us, I'm curious in terms of how you want us to frame our models for the in-store sales and what you're seeing versus what you're seeing right now? 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, John. It's Meghan. We have approximately 60% of our stores open at this point globally. 100% in Australia and New Zealand, 95% in Asia, 60% in Europe and 50% in North America. We do expect that we'll open almost 100% of our stores by the end of June. If we think about the productivity we're seeing within those stores, as Calvin mentioned, in the initial weeks, we've seen some variability. It's still very early, but we're seeing that in the range of 75% to over 100% of last year's productivity. And at the same time, we've seen our e-commerce business accelerate in early weeks of the quarter. As I shared, we expect total revenue to improve in Q2 to a high single-digit decline. And we expect e-comm for the quarter to grow at approximately 125%. So moderating throughout the quarter as stores ramp and reopen. 
John Kernan: Helpful. I guess my follow-up is I think Celeste was on the call a couple of quarters ago talking about the larger experiential stores that you wanted to invest in, and I think would become 10% of the overall store base at some point. Calvin, are you still committed to that? Have you seen anything in terms of consumer behavior that would make you want to back away from that commitment? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. Listen, it's hard. My first response would be no. I think this is very difficult times to evaluate our -- the value of our retail fleet and to make any dramatic shifts and changes from a strategy that, 8 weeks ago, was relevant. Guests were shopping, and plus 20% was our combined comp, and our stores across our very flexible fleet were performing incredibly well. There's no doubt coming out that our online business, I believe, will find a new norm that's higher than where we began. That we definitely know we're going to have more omni-guests, which is incredibly exciting, because an omni-guest shops more often and spends more with us and is more loyal to the brand. But they're still an omni-guest, meaning they shop both physical and our online business. And I think it's too early to determine if there's going to be any dramatic shifts. We have very powerful stores. They are core to our connection with the community and how we build the brand and the loyalty. Recruiting guests, it's our #1 vehicle, still to recruit guests. And we were already shifting to a very flexible scenario of smaller seasonal into the experiential stores. So we will come out. We will continue to manage and see guest behavior. My anticipation is that those larger stores, the experiential and what they're delivering in the community and the role that they were going to play, were always designed through an omni-lens, and these are just going to be stronger, more powerful locations for us. And we were never looking at this as being the dominant number of stores in our fleet. We're being very selective. And I think there's, in fact, a lot of exciting opportunities of the role they can play within the omni-lens being rooted in the community and how guests are interacting with us, both online, virtually, as well as in stores. So nothing and shouldn't anticipate a significant shift. We'll learn, but still very committed to the growth in our store fleet, because we know we have a -- relative to others, a moderate number of stores and still opportunity to grow in markets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: Great. I guess my first question is just on China. I think you said that brick-and-mortar comps were up 20% for those -- the doors have been opened. Can you just break down what you've seen in terms of traffic versus ticket? And then how has digital been performing in China? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, absolutely. And I'll walk through sort of coming in and the progression through sort of the 3 phases I laid out into -- in Q2, because I do think it's -- we use it as an interesting and helpful benchmark of how stores will build. And saying that, the rest of the markets, as they come on, are accelerating this growth curve to getting back to sort of a productivity level quicker than what we saw our stores in China. But heading into the -- coming out of quarter 4, and obviously, we were impacted much quicker in Q1 in China, the e-commerce business did accelerate relative to the incoming trend. We don't share specific numbers, but it was a meaningful acceleration as we close stores. When stores reopened, what we saw was it took a number of weeks to get back into a positive comp in March. The total business was positive, but that was driven through a very successful e-commerce growth as a mix where our store comp growth was still negative. And then into April, we saw single-digit growth as stores got closer to sort of breaking -- or positive comp to no longer declining, and our e-commerce business continued to be strong. Most of that in-stores was driven by conversion and ordering. We have seen a slower return to traffic numbers. But as stores got to growth, and as we've mentioned, they've been in the last few weeks, getting now into that 20-plus percent comp growth number, and we've been holding very strong e-commerce growth. So our China business has really returned to where it was pre-COVID-19 in that marketplace. It's driven on conversion in that highly engaged guests. Traffic is improving, but is definitely probably in retail the trailing metric in that sales equation. 
Erinn Murphy: Super helpful from a progression perspective. And then I guess my second question is just on your loyalty program. I recognize it's only in a handful of stores or state or city, if I should say. But have you noticed anything meaningfully different on the digital trends from those cities or those metro areas versus the rest of North America? And then how has COVID-19 shaped how you're thinking about rolling out your loyalty program or your membership program further? 
Calvin McDonald: No, great question. We've -- in particular, we launched a number of digital sweat offerings to our guests. It was one of those areas where I'm so proud of the way the team jumped on the opportunity to innovate. And we really tested and learned and accelerated a lot of initiatives forward so that we could really be present and offer what they were looking for. And that's across Instagram, our YouTube channel, Facebook. It's leveraging our ambassador community to really provide those. We launched a move event on Strava, which the results are significant in terms of the number of miles ran or bike or other activity and the number of guests that participated. So really energized about the engagement that guests are having with our brand with digital sweat.
 And also, one of the things that I think is very exciting is it validated what we know, which is the power of this brand and the relationship with our guests and the ability to be in conversation with them and have them interact with us outside of just purely transactional needs. We are in daily conversations with a number of our guests. They were interacting with our brand day-to-day, week-to-week. So when it came time to buy, when it came time to think about the category, just reinforces the role that our brand plays in their lives and the role that we can play in their sweat. So excited about what we're seeing with digital. 
 As it relates to membership, the program today is a balance between physical sweat as a driver product. And we always had planned on providing digital solutions as well as a part of the membership package. We have pushed out a broader city launch to early '21 at this point in time as a result of, quite honestly, it's more about the uncertainty than it is about guest engagement and demand for this membership program. 
 In the cities, we've had Austin, Denver, Chicago and Edmonton, incredible engagement. They've continued to be engaged in the program even during this. They've engaged in our online activities. We have some unique offerings planned for them. We are going to repeat in those cities this fall. We're going to add one new city to the program so we can continue to learn. But we pushed off the broader launch that we had planned for to early '21, more because of the uncertainty than really demand. Demand remains very strong. We're excited about it. We're going to be able to add to the guest mix on that. Some more to come. But there will be, in those cities plus one more this year, is the current plan. 
Erinn Murphy: Great. Super helpful. All the best. 
Sun Choe: Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from Alex Walvis of Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: My question is on the demographic of new guests that are joining you online. Are you seeing a material different demographic that's new to the lululemon brand during this period of disruption? And then maybe a second question on the stores that have opened. Is there any discrepancy by geography or store type or anything else you care to call out on which stores are performing better out of the gates versus those that are a little slower to ramp? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. I'll take the first part of the question and let Meghan talk to the store performance and if there's any differences across the markets. 
 In terms of the guest perspective, we had a wonderful balance across a lot of demographics in new guest acquisition prior, and I would say they haven't really fundamentally changed. If there was one that's noteworthy, our stores and stores, in general, remain a significant acquirer of new guests for a retail business. And we have definitely seen online pick up a portion of that as a result of stores not being open. But our stores, in particular, equally were a significant acquirer of men new guests. And I would just indicate that if there's been any shift in the last few weeks, we've seen an acceleration of more women new guests. As a result, the ratio of men new guests has dipped below our trend. I believe it is only short term. It is a reflection of being online and our physical stores being closed. And the overall health number of new guests across both gender and other profiles, youth and others, is still very, very encouraging and very strong. So I'm trying to share anything that would be a bit of a nuance and difference. But the overall numbers and metrics across all are still very healthy and encouraging as we think about that as a growth channel for us continuing moving forward. 
 And Meghan, did you want to comment on stores? 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Great. Thanks, Alex. So in terms of differences in what we're seeing in trends, we're not seeing significant differences either by format or location. I would share we're seeing modestly better performance in non-mall locations, and we are benefited by approximately 2/3 of our store locations being outside of malls. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for joining the call, and have a nice day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-03-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Fourth Quarter and End Year 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; and PJ Guido, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information which we have assessed, which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. Press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lulemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. We're planning to end today's call in under an hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and it's good to speak with all of you for our fourth quarter earnings call. 
 We are very pleased with the strong performance of lululemon, both in the fourth quarter and throughout 2019 as we delivered nearly $4 billion in revenue. We continue to grow our core businesses while we strategically expand around the world and acquire new guests. The underlying health of our business is strong, and we entered 2020 with strong momentum. As you know, circumstances have changed dramatically in quarter 1 given the spread of COVID-19. We're proud of the actions we've taken across our business to help protect our people and our guests as we navigate this situation. 
 I'll begin my comments by discussing COVID-19 as it relates to our business and provide a brief overview of quarter 4 and 2019. PJ Guido, our Chief Financial Officer, will then take you through our financials and provide more details on our more recent performance. We'll then take your questions. We plan to keep the call shorter than normal and wrap up in under an hour. 
 Our hearts go out to all of those impacted by COVID-19. The safety and well-being of our people and our guests in the affected regions remains our highest priority. The current situation is clearly dynamic. Broadly speaking, and similar to many of our peers, we are seeing virus-related impact on performance across our markets. 
 In North America and Europe, our stores have been closed since March 16. Stores in New Zealand are closed at this time, while Australia is operating on reduced hours. In China, all of our stores, except our location in Wuhan, are open with most operating on regular schedules. Our stores also remain open in other Asian markets, except for Malaysia, where our 2 locations are currently closed. In addition, we are closely monitoring our supply chain and staying in constant contact with our vendors as they, too, navigate the situation. 
 Given the rapidly changing nature of current events, we have decided not to provide financial guidance at this time. That said, the underlying health of our business is strong, which provides us with many levers to successfully manage through this period. These include: first, our strong balance sheet. We ended the year with $1.1 billion in cash, no long-term debt and a $400 million untapped revolver. Second, our investments in key technologies, including RFID and strong partnerships with our vendors, will enable us to maximize inventory across our network while managing our overall levels. Third, the power of our product. Our assortment is less seasonal in nature as many of our core styles are relevant year-round and can be held for future use. Fourth, the flexibility of our multichannel business. Our e-commerce sites, mobile apps and omni-capabilities allows our guests to shop in multiple ways, which is complemented by our agile store formats. And fifth, the strength of the category in which we compete. At our core, we solve sweaty problems for athletes, and we do not believe the current situation will change the trend toward people wanting to live an active and healthy lifestyle. 
 These are some of the reasons we're confident in our abilities to navigate the near term while working to realize the opportunities over the longer term. In addition, we have early learnings from China, which show us that our business will bounce back. We are not yet back to pre-closing volumes, but the business is getting stronger week by week. 
 There is considerable work underway across the business to respond to the current situation, and I'd like to specifically update you on 2 of these work streams. The first is the support phase, and the second is how we will enable the recovery phase. I'll start with our support phase initiatives and how we are currently assisting our teams, our ambassadors and our guests. We will do our best to open our stores as soon as possible when the recovery begins and will approach this market-by-market based upon the latest information. I'm consistently inspired by the resilience of our people as they navigate the unknown and connect even more regularly than ever before. In terms of our guests, our e-commerce sites continue to operate around the world, so we can continue to fulfill their needs with our product. Similar to what we've done for our own people, we have been offering online sweat sessions for our guests with yoga, meditation, Pilates, dance and train classes. Our teams in North America and Europe have followed the lead of our people in China, where we've gained thousands of new followers on WeChat. 
 On Instagram, during our first week of store closures and thanks to our increased content offerings, we saw nearly 170,000 guests join us for our live classes. It's inspiring to see the strength of our guests come together this way, and we'll continue to stay closely connected as we navigate what's ahead. 
 And finally, our ambassadors remain top of mind as well. We are in constant contact, and they are continuing to help us engage with our local communities through these virtual sweat sessions. As many of our ambassadors are small business owners who have been forced to close their doors, we just launched the global Ambassador Relief Fund. This fund will assist our ambassadors who own studios in their local communities to sustain their businesses during these currently extraordinary times. 
 Let me shift gears now and speak for a moment about how we are thinking about the recovery phase. We know the current situation will pass, and we remain focused on being ready to serve our guests and support our communities when the time is right. Our balance sheet allows us to look ahead and continue the plan for growth as we manage the business for day-to-day. 
 In terms of inventory, we are managing our buys and looking at our assortment flow with a full year view. Our teams are now in the work to balance supply with the current reduction in demand we're experiencing. We're in constant communication with our vendors, and we have flexibility regarding our receipts for the second half of the year. Our key e-commerce DCs continue to function, we are practicing social distancing, monitoring the health and well-being of our people closely and taking precautions to maintain our operations. Over the last several years, we have made significant investments in our supply chain and distribution network, and I'm confident that we'll be able to further leverage these investments to help us navigate through the current situation. 
 Shifting to expenditures, we are currently evaluating our expense structure, capital expenditures and store opening and remodel programs. We are acting now to ensure we can reaccelerate our growth drivers when we are ready. PJ will say more in a few minutes. 
 In terms of products, our product pipeline remains full, and our white space and design teams have not stopped their work. We continue to leverage our Science of Feel development platform to bring new technical innovations to our guests. While we have paused on our events, such as 10K runs, through July 31, we are continuing to connect with our communities. We collected our best online content from our ambassadors on our new Community Carries On hub on our global website, creating one central place for our community to connect and access online fitness and health resources. This gives you a sense of the scope and breadth of our global response during both the support and recovery phases of our planning. 
 Now let me share some details about our fourth quarter and full year results. We are pleased with the momentum we saw during the fourth quarter and throughout 2019. Our results for the fourth quarter include: total revenue growth of 20%, a constant dollar comp increase of 20% on top of a 17% increase last year and an earnings per share increase of 23% compared to adjusted earnings per share last year. Our quarter 4 results demonstrate that our guests responded incredibly well to our product this holiday. Growth across all categories, with comps in women's up 12%, men's comps up 39% and accessory comps up 24%. Strong comps across channels with 9% in stores and 41% in digital. And within our regions, North America was up 19%, international was up 25% and China was up 70%. For the full year 2019, we delivered total revenue growth of 21%, a constant dollar comp increase of 18% on top of an 18% increase in 2018, an operating margin of 22.3% and an earnings per share increase of 28%. 
 As you'll recall, our 2023 vision is comprised of 3 pillars: product innovation, omni-guest experiences and expand markets. These are the right pillars for our business. We executed well against them in 2019, and we remain committed to our 2023 targets as laid out in our Power of Three growth plan. 
 In summary, we're proud of how lululemon continued to deliver against our strategies and gain momentum in the quarter and full year of 2019. While this period in our lives is filled with uncertainty, at lululemon, we are certain about our future. We have the balance sheet, the connection to our community, the strength of our category and the right growth initiatives to sustain us while we keep investing well into our future. Although we do not know exactly when the current situation will pass, what we do know is that our stores will reopen. We know that initially, the business will be lower than it was pre-COVID-19. But we believe that each day and each week, it will keep building. We are planning for multiple scenarios, but in any one of these, we know that our brand is strong and has unique pillars of strength that will keep driving our momentum forward. 
 I'll now ask PJ to provide further details about our quarter 4 performance and an update on current business. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Calvin. 
 I will first provide details on our Q4 performance and although we are not providing quantitative guidance, I will offer some qualitative insight into the health of our business relative to the challenging environment in which we are operating. I will also discuss specifics on the strength of our balance sheet and our overall financial position. 
 For Q4, total net revenue rose 20% to $1.4 billion, driven by continued strong execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 9% constant dollar comp store sales increase on top of a 7% increase in Q4 of last year. Square footage increased 18% versus last year, driven by the addition of 51 net new lululemon stores since Q4 of 2018. During the quarter, we opened 12 net new stores and completed 5 optimizations. In our digital channel, we posted a 41% constant dollar comp increase on top of a 39% increase last year. For the quarter, e-comm contributed approximately $464 million at top line or 33% of total revenue. Increased traffic in Q4 continued to drive comps, both in-store and online, with increases in the high single digits and over 30%, respectively. 
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $811 million or 58% of net revenue compared to 57.3% of net revenue in Q4 2018. The gross profit rate in Q4 increased 70 basis points versus gross margin last year and was driven primarily by the following: an 80 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs and favorability in product mix. In the aggregate, occupancy, depreciation, product and supply chain costs had minimal impact in the quarter. 
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expenses were approximately $394 million or 28.2% of net revenue compared to 28.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. Foreign exchange, both translation and revaluation, contributed 30 basis points of deleverage in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $416 million or 29.8% of net revenue compared to 28.4% of net revenue in Q4 2018. Tax expense for the quarter was $121 million or 28.8% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.9% a year ago. The increase in our effective tax rate compared to our adjusted effective tax rate last year relates primarily to a change in tax legislation in the fourth quarter of 2018, which reduced tax expense in that quarter. 
 Net income for the quarter was $298 million or $2.28 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.85 for the fourth quarter of 2018. Capital expenditures were approximately $69 million for the quarter compared to approximately $69 million in the fourth quarter last year. Q4 spend relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and IT and supply chain investment. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and with $400 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Inventory grew 28% with $518.5 million at the end of Q4. We repurchased approximately 1,600 shares this quarter at a cost of just over $307,000. At the end of Q4, we had $327 million remaining on our current $500 million repurchase plan. 
 Let me shift now to current events. As Calvin stated, our sales trend changed dramatically during the second week of March when the impact of COVID-19 accelerated. Due to the dynamic nature of this event, we are not able to provide accurate 2020 guidance at this time. All of our stores in Europe and North America have been closed since March 16, and our current plans call for these stores to remain closed until April 5. Our DCs are up and running with the exception of our facility in Sumner, Washington, which has been closed in line with temporary local restrictions. This DC does not fulfill a significant number of e-commerce orders, and the closure has not had a material impact on our business. 
 The vast majority of our stores in China and most of Asia are currently operating and showing improved performance each week since reopening. Through the second week of March, our North American store comps remained strong and in line with Q4 trend, driven by consistent traffic and great execution by our store teams. In addition, our digital business has remained strong throughout driven by traffic and improving conversion that is a direct result of the investments we have made in our digital platform. The strength of our business early in Q1, both in-store and online, reinforces that our brand remains strong. That said, we did see a dramatic slowdown in our business in conjunction with our store closure, and we expect this to have a negative impact on Q1 comps, margins and EPS. 
 One of our key advantages in the current environment is our liquidity position, which is extremely strong. We currently hold over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet and have no long-term debt. We also have a $400 million revolving credit facility, which has 3 years left in maturity. In addition, this facility has an option to upsize by $200 million. We are also currently actively managing our expense structure, capital investment and store openings and renovations. We have modeled several different scenarios to gauge the COVID-related impact on our business and believe we have the flexibility and nimbleness to adapt and manage to each scenario accordingly. 
 To mitigate the impact we are seeing, we are reducing nonessential operating expenses and reprioritizing our capital spend towards business-critical projects. Among several other expense reduction opportunities, we've curtailed business travel, slowed the pace of new hires, rationalized our marketing spend and are working with our landlords to defer a select group of our upcoming new store openings and remodel projects. 
 In terms of inventory management, our merchant and supply chain teams are evaluating all upcoming deliveries through the lens of current and anticipated demand. We have flexibility with regard to our fall and winter 2020 receipts and, where appropriate, can push out or reduce our buy orders. We believe we are in a strong position given our high cash balance, strong cash flow, no long-term debt and access to additional sources of liquidity. In addition, we will further enhance our financial position by managing working capital, SG&A expense and capital expenditures. The strength of our balance sheet and flexibility of our operating model puts us in a position to address an unprecedented situation within the global economy. In addition, it will allow us the optionality to still prudently invest the future and live into our potential as a global brand. 
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, PJ.
 I want to express my confidence in the leadership team of lululemon and our brand's strong position, which will enable us to effectively navigate these unexpected times. Our hearts go out to everyone who is personally impacted by COVID-19. I'm continually impressed by how the teams of lululemon are leading through this time and who they are being for one another, for our guests and for our community. In closing, I want to thank our team members for the results they delivered for lululemon in 2019 and for their perseverance and commitment to our brand that I continue to see from them each and every day. 
 Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Matthew McClintock with Raymond James. 
Matthew McClintock: I hope everyone's family is safe and healthy. Calvin, I guess, the first question for me would be, you made the statement, plan for growth while continuing to manage the day-to-day. And it's an interesting statement because it seems like a lot of companies right now are not planning for growth, and they're just trying to survive. So can you kind of give us some insight into your ability to plan for growth, continue to grow, when we get on the back end of this and maybe where your confidence comes from that you're going to return to that in a reasonable amount of time? Is that just your China experience, what you're seeing in China is what makes you feel that way? That's my first question. 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Matthew. I mean I'll tackle the first part and then, I think, share a little bit of the learnings from China. I believe the balance that we are striking is recognizing that lululemon is in a very healthy position. We had fantastic momentum coming in to the current situation. And there's nothing that I believe will fundamentally change our ability to regain that momentum. Once we reopen -- once the guests get some degree of normal-ness back into their life, how they will come back into our category and shop. We know and we've stated the balance sheet is healthy. That allows us to trade and think into the future. And we equally know that with the Power of Three and the vision that we're building towards is, if nothing else, even reinforced with the current opportunities or situation that we're facing around our community, around our omnichannel strategy, how we're thinking about leveraging the brand and with our guests. 
 So we are taking short-term actions, as PJ alluded to, that are appropriate because there is a degree of uncertainty. And we have looked at our strategic initiatives, and we have delayed some of those, but there are some, we're investing in technology, investing in our omni-digital capability and investing into that vision of an omni-social community, that we continue to make. So we have reshuffled. We've rebalanced, but we believe even more so that the vision and the opportunity for lululemon is strong. And now is the time to not stop building for the future while recognizing we need to sort of pause on some in order to maintain others. 
 In part, when we do look at China, I do think it will help inform how North America and Europe will come back trading. But I do think the scenarios are slightly different in that China had a quick 2-week closing period when the stores were then reopened. We've traded 5 weeks since reopening. We are in our sixth week. But the country was still under a level 1 security alert. So I think its pace of rebuilding back business is getting better every day, every week, but is building back. In North America and Europe, we're planning on a longer close period, which I think once we reopen, could accelerate the pace in which we see guests coming back into the stores. And obviously, from now to then, there are other factors in the economy that have equally changed or evolving. So we're continuing to monitor, run scenarios against both. But I do believe in our ability to strike that balance and continue to invest in the future in the vision, and we're doing that. 
Matthew McClintock: I appreciate that color, Calvin. It's important. And then my second question is just given your background and PJ's too, where you both worked in that retail or wholesale business model before, can you maybe talk to us about how your vertically integrated business model of lululemon potentially allows you to manage the inventory to appropriate demand quicker or faster or in a more appropriate manner than what you've seen in your historical experience? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks again on that. And we are absolutely in our support phase of initiatives managing our inventory. I do believe being vertically integrated gives us a ton of benefits. And there are other benefits that we equally have that are outside of just being vertically integrated. The benefit of being vertically integrated is that we own the relationship with our vendors, and we own the relationship right through to our guests and how we sell and how we choose to present the product and the quantities in which we've been buying allows us to manage very differently, in my opinion. 
 Equally, and as we've commented before, one of the benefits around our inventory and product, we have bought through the first half of the year. We are able to influence our Q3 buy slightly, and we are in the work on our fall and winter buys now. But our product is less seasonal. There is a high percentage of our business that is core, which means we're able to hold and continue to sell for a much longer period of time. We're less dependent on the need to flush out inventory. 
 Second, our technology. With the use of RFID, we can access product at any point across our network, not just DCs, but at our stores as well from ship from store. So it allows us to do just regular demand that we're seeing today. Online, our plan in the next week is to turn on ship from store from our stores, although they will not be open to the public, we will be opening up some locations from a ship from store perspective and have a small number of staff operating that. That's going to allow us to continue to manage that inventory that's already in the network very effectively. And so those, I think, combined with the relationships we have with our vendors and the fact that we own the end-to-end are a number of very unique levers that put us in a much better position to manage our inventory levels. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird & Co. 
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to ask about the product strategy and how you're thinking about that as we move through the crisis. Are you planning any changes to the flow of newness? Are there product launches that you're looking to delay until store operations have ramped back up? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. We're seeing some shifts in demand. Currently, as you can imagine, much of that is more in the accessories categories with yoga mats and some of our yoga blocks and items that are fulfilling that need as more and more of our guests sweat at home. But we're not planning to change any of our launch cadence. Rather, we're looking at timing to ensure that our plans are still relevant with the environment that we're in to make sure that how we present the product to the guest is in appropriate way that it's not tone deaf to the situations that are happening around us. But in general, I think the benefit we have is that -- and what's in our favor is that our launches are rooted in solving guests' unmet needs, and it really isn't bound to time or seasonality or fashion. So there are real no changes to 2020 launch plans or as we look into '21 at this point in time. We had just launched our Everlux in February, which is our first product launch for this year under Science of Feel positioning, and the guests resonated incredibly strong to it. It was -- far exceeded our expectations and continues to sell well online. 
 And as I look forward to the rest of the year, we don't have any immediate plans at this place. We have our online network to sell. We still have other markets where we're operating in. And we know, as I said, we will be open soon, and we believe the innovation and what we have will only enhance and entice the guests to come back into the stores. 
Mark Altschwager: And if I could just follow up on digital real quickly. Is it your hypothesis that the digital business will capture some incremental demand given the store closures? I know you said things have slowed recently here. And I was hoping you could clarify, are you saying that the growth has slowed from the rates of growth you were seeing in the fourth quarter? Or have you seen digital demand actually turned negative in recent weeks? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark, and definitely want to clarify that. We saw coming into the store closures very strong momentum in both our retail and digital channels. As PJ alluded to, we had an incredible fourth quarter. Total comps of 20%, which was the strongest in all of 2019, which was a very strong year for us. So it's great to end with that momentum. We saw that momentum continue into the start of this year across both physical stores and digital. Since closing, our digital business has picked up, but it's obviously not recovering all the volume loss from our store networks being closed, but we have seen our store -- or our online business accelerate in terms of growth. But obviously, it cannot pick up the entire demand. So it is responding well, and we've adjusted our digital marketing initiatives. We leaned in a bit there, again, back to the notion of balancing cost expenditures, but doing it strategic. We've leaned in a bit. We're seeing good response to that, good response to new products, still some other categories are picking up, but it's not completely covering the loss of store volume but is responding in a positive manner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Irwin Boruchow: So I guess, maybe for Calvin, on China, you gave some helpful details on the progression in the build, which is really helpful for us to understand what's going on over there. Could you give maybe a little bit more color? I think you've said that ever since kind of reopening 5 or 6 weeks ago, you've seen gradual build, but your volumes aren't at pre-COVID levels. Can you talk about it maybe from a comp perspective? Like I assume comps are still negative year-over-year. Where exactly is that trending now? Is there a -- based on what you see, is there a target in mind or a date in mind when you think comps can start to grow again in China? I'm just trying to understand that a little bit better. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Ike. As I sort of teed up, what's interesting with China and I think an important element to remember is that we closed for 2 weeks. We've been open for 5. We're in our sixth week. The country was still on a Level 1 emergency alert. They are just moving to a Level 2 this weekend in Shanghai, Beijing. In one of our other regions, that region moved to a Level 2 earlier in the week. And we did see an immediate uptick in the performance of the stores. Yesterday, our total business in China from a collective of stores and online had a very strong day. So it really is day-to-day, and we're learning as we go. I believe that the 5-week period was impacted by the Level 1 emergency alert. And as that changes, we will see more and more business come back at a quicker rate than what we have over the 5 weeks, and we're seeing that, although it is early. And we have been in negative comp but improving. And I think it's too early to assess when will we tip over negative comp into positive comp in our stores. Our online business has been trending very well, positive comps. But similar to North America, it just cannot offset the entire volume loss in our physical stores. But with what I'm seeing in the last few days and as these emergency alerts drop, I have reason to believe that we will see a quicker pace than we've seen in the last 5 weeks to that important sort of inflection point of getting back to positive. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations on the holiday and the momentum coming into the year. PJ, my question for you is on CapEx. It was about $280 million for fiscal '19. And the spread was about, what, $170 million for stores and about $100 million corporate. So as we're looking into 2020, I was wondering how should we think about store investment and continuing to grow. That piece of it seems like it's the growth aspect of it. And when we're thinking about CapEx reduction, is it $100 million off of this number? We were hearing people cut their CapEx up 50% to 60%. So just wondering if you can give us some color there. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sure, Adrienne. So first off, yes, our CapEx was closer to $300 million for 2019. And we're not giving guidance for 2020 because we are managing it actively. To answer your question, I would say roughly 1/3 of our CapEx is maintenance CapEx with the balance being growth. And as you said, it comes in the form of stores, and it also comes in the form of investing in growth platforms, our supply chain, our IT. So we are going to -- we are actively reviewing the CapEx budget and where we can throttle back on things that we don't see having a huge impact on the business, we'll do that. But we'll still absolutely do the things that we need for long-term growth. So we will pull back on CapEx. Hard to give you a specific number right now. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Fair enough. And Calvin, a really quick one for you. Did you say all the stores are open or 80% of them are open? And of the ones that are open, if you quintile them, is the top quintile within 10% of comping or within -- or is it pretty tight spread across the different buckets of them? Or are certain markets doing materially better than others? 
Calvin McDonald: Right. Just to confirm, you referencing 80% open, is that specific to China? 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Specific to China, yes. 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. All our stores are now open in China, except for one in Wuhan, which actually we just received notification that it will be opening next week. So we'll have all doors open next week in China, which I think is positive and continue sort of the positive trend that's happening in that marketplace with the COVID-19. And there are differences in terms of how stores are performing, and it is both by markets as well as when we've seen some of these level emergency alerts change. They aren't broadly distributed. So the difference between the top quartile to the bottom left quartile isn't a massive scatter, but we are seeing some stores that are closer to the positive comp than others. But they are all trending and moving sort of week-by-week into a similar trend, which is every market, every store is getting better. Some started closer to the positive comp and have continued the momentum to that. And then as these markets take -- or cities take a position to change their emergency status, that's where we really see the inflection point on overall performance improvement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. 
Erinn Murphy: Great. Calvin, you talked about some of the efforts that the lulu community has done to just bring some of the virtual workout and meditations online as you connect with your consumer. I guess can you talk a little bit more about what you've seen specifically with new customer acquisition during this period, maybe looking at China first and then here in North America and Europe? And then second question really for PJ, regarding just the flexibility to manage expenses during this period of time since we don't kind of have adequate history going back to former recessionary period in your model. 
Calvin McDonald: In China, where we first innovated and continued sort of our relationship and partnership we had with an app there called Keep, which is a wonderful platform to activate sort of online sweat and then introduced some of the innovation around WeChat, I shared some numbers with you. And we are seeing a number of new guests. Whenever we do these type of activations in that market, be it some of our Tmall initiatives around Brand Day or on these type of platforms and partnerships, they're proving to be wonderful new guest acquisitions. So we're doing more of them as a result of not having physical sweat or events as an option, and we're seeing an increase in the acquisition of new guests. 
 In North America, it's early, but I would anticipate that we would equally see some new guests acquired this way, but it is really absolutely satisfying and providing a service to our loyal guests that actively participate in our events that aren't available to them at this point in time or our ambassador studio community that are closed at this point in time. So I think we will see some but not quite to the degree of the China market, but it's a combination of. And I think it's just reinforcing the power of one of our goals as it relates to our vision, which is building this omni-social community where we launch and host both physical events and physical activations to come together, be it through membership or stores or local events as well as our digital. And this has just pushed our innovation into the digital space. And it's inspiring to see the guests respond to it and think how the physical and digital will come together as we lean into that as one of the opportunities for our vision. 
Patrick Guido: And then, Erinn, on your question about managing expenses. So we do have significant flexibility built into our SG&A. And the way we think about it is in a few buckets. There's the variable component, which will come down naturally as sales have come down. But there's also things we can do to drill into that a little bit further. There's the discretionary spend. Marketing is a good example. We can redeploy marketing dollars. For example, we're not doing store events now, but we can redeploy into digital marketing to drive e-comm performance. So we can do things there. And then there's the overhead piece, which we are actively managing. And I talked about it a little in the prepared remarks, but there are several levers we can pull to control expense, whether it's slowing head count growth, curtailing travel. There's a number of buckets across the organization where we can find savings depending on what scenario we are in. So I feel pretty good about the flex we have in the P&L. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes. I guess, first, I just want to ask on the occupancy front. We've heard -- seen headlines just about rent renegotiations going on with landlord. I believe you guys had alluded to maybe deferring some of the rent on the newer projects. But just maybe give us an update on some of the active conversations you are having with landlords. And then secondly, just on the inventory, certainly understand there's a decent portion that is -- can be repurposed for later seasons, less fashion associated with it. But I guess when we're thinking about the aspects of the assortments that can't be reused in future seasons, just how are you thinking about getting rid of the excess? Should we think about warehouse sales, just -- write-downs? Just help us kind of contextualize it there, that would be helpful. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks, Kate. It's PJ. So on the occupancy piece, it's obviously a very fluid real-time situation. So it's hard to comment on any rent relief we might see. What I will say is we have great relationships with our landlords. We are in active conversations with them. So we're hoping for some flexibility and anticipate some. So there's more to come on that but nothing solidified at this point. 
Calvin McDonald: And on the different options relative to our inventory position. One, obviously, that we're activating because you want to get ahead of it is our forward buy, and that's the work we're in right now, as well as work with our vendors on orders that had been placed. And if we want to adjust those accordingly based on the inventory we have on hand, knowing that a large percentage of it is core. But some of those future orders would have been replacing core, and we can reduce and pull those down. And on that core inventory, when it's your basic colors, there is no need for us to take a short-term immediate action, and we won't. There will be a portion of inventory that we will want to look to our traditional levers in order to help us clear through. I think the important thing is we don't need to nor are there any plans on making any short-term decisions that's going to hurt our brand, our positioning -- our price positioning in the long term. We have had clearance strategies. And right now, we don't see any need to change from them. We're going to continue to use in-store as markdowns. Online as markdowns. We have outlets. And up to 2019, we've had online warehouse sales. And last year, we didn't need to run that, so we did not. But we have typically run warehouse sales, and that is one initiative that is at our disposal, and we may use it. But we have always traditionally used it. And combined with the other levers, I see no need to activate anything further, and everyone should know that we are managing all those decisions through the lens that we won't take anything that puts our price positioning, the power of our price and our brand at risk nor do we see the need to. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Great. And really, congratulations on the momentum in 2019. It was pretty spectacular. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you. 
Patrick Guido: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for Q&A today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-12-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the lululemon athletica Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead, sir. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Sun Choe, Chief Product Officer; and PJ Guido, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to the risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investors site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and I'd like to welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. We're proud of the continued momentum in our business and excited to share these results with you today. I'm consistently impressed by the strong performance of the brand and the ability of our teams to execute at a high level. On today's call, we'll provide an overview of the results within the framework of our power of 3 growth pillars: product innovation, omni guest experiences and market expansion. And I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by 2 members of our senior leadership team: Sun Choe, our Chief Product Officer; and PJ Guido, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 I'd also like to take a moment to thank Stuart Haselden for his contributions over the past 5 years. As we announced this week, Stuart will be leaving lululemon in early January to take on a leadership role at a company outside of the apparel industry. He has been instrumental in helping us build our capabilities within supply chain, finance and IT. And more recently, we have worked together on our long-term growth strategy for our international markets. We are grateful for Stuart's many contributions to lululemon, and we wish him the best in his next chapter. 
 Moving forward, we have a number of experienced leaders ready to take on more responsibility. I'm pleased that Julie Averill, our Chief Technology Officer; and Ted Dagnese, our Chief Supply Chain Officer, have joined our senior leadership team and report to me. In terms of our international business, our regional leadership structure remains in place, and the teams will continue to execute against our growth plans as we identify the ideal leader with proven experience to serve as our new head of international. 
 Let me now share some details about our third quarter results. We are pleased with the strength in the business with continued growth across product categories, channels and regions. Our results for the third quarter include total revenue growth of 23%, a constant dollar comp increase of 17% on top of an 18% increase last year and an earnings per share increase of 28% compared to adjusted earnings per share last year. 
 I also want to mention how our momentum has extended into quarter 4 with record-setting days over the Thanksgiving weekend and into Cyber Monday as guests responded well to our range of product offerings. I was thrilled to be able to visit 6 of our stores in 4 cities over the holiday weekend, and I was very impressed to see how our strategies came to life. 
 These results keep us firmly on track to deliver on our power of 3 growth plan as we discussed at our Analyst Day earlier this year. As you'll recall, our 5-year vision details our path to grow our core business in the low double digits annually while also doubling our men's, doubling our digital and quadrupling our international businesses by the end of 2023. Our organization is aligned behind these priorities, and we are focused on the key strategic pillars that will enable us to live into and deliver against these goals. 
 Sun will take you through our product highlights shortly, but I'm thrilled by the considerable progress we made this quarter within our product innovation pillar. Guests responded well to our product offering, which we continue to refresh and diversify. Momentum continues in our pant category in both men's and women's comps outperforming the overall chain. In addition, we continue to expand the key categories of bras and outerwear, with comps and outerwear being particularly strong. And in men's, I'm proud that we increased our revenue 38% this quarter, which is the largest increase of the year. 
 Let me shift gears now to our omni guest experience pillar. As you know, last quarter, we opened in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, and we couldn't be more pleased with the initial performance. This quarter, we launched our membership test in Chicago, and we're seeing a halo effect across the entire market. It is the combination of these offerings that creates a unique experiential expression into loyalty. 
 We hit our membership goal within 1 month, and participation continues to include both new and existing guests. We've seen approximately 1/3 of our members take sweat classes offered in the store, with over 90% of them sweating with us for the first time. And for both medium- and high-value guests, we are providing an opportunity to engage with lululemon in new ways as we've seen frequency of visits for these guests increase significantly. 
 Building upon these learnings, on November 20, just in time for Black Friday, we opened our second experiential store at Mall Of America. This location has been adapted to this mall-based environment into what's unique in this market, including a higher volume of tourists. We'll share more with you over the coming quarters, but we're pleased with the early performance of Mall Of America. We're confident that as we invest in the experiential elements of our brand, we can enhance our guest engagement across the market. 
 Beyond the 4 walls of our stores, guests are eager to participate in the events we create. Along with our experiential stores and our membership tests, our events allow guests to engage with us in ways that deepen loyalty beyond a simple in-store transaction. Building upon the success of SeaWheeze in our annual 10k runs in Toronto and Edmonton, we sponsored our first race in the United States in San Diego last month, which sold out within 72 hours. I participated and loved being part of this experience with more than 5,000 runners. It's a powerful realization of our vision to be the experiential brand that ignites a community of people living the Sweatlife through sweat, grow and connect. What stood out to me was the remarkable engagement of both our ambassadors and guests, a key component of how our goal to create an omni social community that fosters human connection. 
 Our events and loyalty strategies extend beyond North America. And in October, we hosted our third European Sweatlife festival of the year in Paris. These festivals are a great expression of our brand, and we brought together over 1,000 attendees for a day of sweat classes, personal development and connection. 
 Let me now speak to our digital channel. The investments we've been making continue to pay off with comps this quarter of 30%. That's on top of a 46% increase in the same quarter last year and growth of 25% 2 years ago. We enhanced our digital shopping experience in several ways during this quarter, including launching new product display pages both online and within our mobile app. These pages provide more detail about our products and educate our guests about the unique attributes each style offers. Improving our search platform, which makes search more relevant on an individualized basis and moves us forward with personalization; enhancing our overall website performance; and continuing to increase the breadth of our online assortment. 
 Finally, I'd like to highlight our relatively new BOPUS capabilities. We were in nearly all of our North American stores for the entire quarter and are pleased with the results. Consistent with what we saw from our initial BOPUS-enabled stores, 80% of orders placed online are ready for guest pickup within 1 hour. In addition, approximately 20% of these guests are making an additional purchase when they come into the store to pick up their online order. We're excited with our guest engagement here and expect it only to grow in importance during the holiday season. 
 I will now move on to highlight the success within our market expansion pillar. We had discussed how we see considerable growth remaining in our core market of North America. In this quarter, revenue increased 21% as traffic remains a key driver. Existing and new guests continue to connect with us across both our physical stores and digital channels. A variety of components of the business are leading to this success, including our engaging and agile store environments, distinct brand activations and compelling merchandise assortments. Our brick-and-mortar strategy continues to provide us with flexibility. 
 Prior to Black Friday, we opened our largest store ever on Fifth Avenue in New York. The 23,000 square foot space is spread across 4 floors, including a men's floor, 2 levels of women's and a dedicated flex space where we will activate a number of exciting product stories, and currently we're showcasing our lab collection. It's a beautiful expression of our product, and we're pleased with the performance to date. 
 Our mainline and colocated stores continue to perform well. And given the timing here, our seasonal store strategy comes into play in a meaningful way. These locations afford us the opportunity to engage with guests and communities where we don't have a year-round physical presence while also testing these markets for a potential permanent store in a very low cost and effective manner. Our existing guests in these markets respond well and appreciate the opportunity to connect with us directly and in person during the holiday season. But these stores also bring in new guests into the brand with approximately 30% of transactions in these stores coming from guests who are not previously known to us. In Q4, we will be operating just over 50 seasonal locations.
 Turning now to our international results, which demonstrates how our brand and our vision appeal to guests across markets and geographies. Consistent with our strategy, we are growing our store count across Europe and Asia. The expanding base, coupled with our local e-commerce sites and brand activations, is increasing our guest awareness in each market and importantly our traffic. This is fueling our strong revenue momentum across our international markets, and we are all pleased by our 35% increase in quarter 3. 
 In Europe this quarter, total revenue grew 29%. To build upon our brand momentum, we recently opened a new store in the Marais district of Paris. This is our second mainline store in Paris and leverages upon the success we've seen from our store in Saint-Germain, which opened earlier this year. In addition, just this past week, we entered Norway, a new market for us, with a store in Oslo. 
 I'd now like to focus on China, where we continue to see considerable opportunities for further expansion. I was recently in market with the team, and we visited several cities in and around Shanghai. Not only did we see the continued momentum of our more established stores, but we saw the significant opportunities with Tier 2 cities such as Hangzhou, where we opened our first store located in Hangzhou Tower. We had our best opening date performance to date of any store in China, and it has performed well ever since. This speaks to the growing brand strength and awareness lululemon is realizing in this important country. We will double our store base in China this year, and we believe we are only scratching the surface of our potential within China and Asia overall. Our digital channel remains robust with China e-commerce business growing over 60% this quarter. 
 We had a record-setting Singles Day in November, where we surpassed the entire volume of last year's event in just 69 minutes. While we leverage this event to move through markdowns in seasonal inventory, we still realized full-price sell-through in the strong double digits and also acquired over 30,000 new guests. 
 I'd like to pause here and mention the situation in Hong Kong. We are monitoring events closely. And as other companies have reported, we have seen a minimal impact on our overall business. However, this has been offset by the continued strength across the APAC region. 
 We're excited about the results across our international markets, and we know this is just the beginning for lululemon around the world. We'll continue to invest in these regions as we [ leap ] into our goal of quadrupling our revenue outside of North America by 2023. 
 Let me now turn it over to Sun to share some highlights with you from our product innovation pillar. Sun? 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Calvin. I'm thrilled to be here today to speak with you about the exciting things we have going on within the product function at lululemon. Response to our assortment was strong across the board as we continue to grow our core, expand key categories, delight our guests with pinnacle product and deliver new innovation through the science of feel. 
 As Calvin mentioned, we were pleased with guests' response to our offering over Thanksgiving weekend. Guests love the special edition manifesto print we offered in our Wunder Under tight, Energy bra and define jacket. We also introduced holiday-inspired fabrications in key franchises across men's and women's to drive full-price selling during a period that is highly promotional. 
 Focusing now on Q3, women's comps grew in the mid-teens with particular strength in pants and outerwear. We further leveraged our science of feel innovation platform with the launch of the Mapped Out Tights, which offers our new SenseKnit technology. This technology engineered ventilation and compression and directs varying levels of support and breathability throughout the legging. We're excited with this new innovation and look forward to leveraging it across additional styles over the coming seasons. 
 We're also pleased with the strength we continue to see in our big 3 proprietary fabrics developed through our science of feel lens: Nulu, Nulux and Everlux engineered for yoga, run and train, respectively. We brought units into our Nulux fabric through our suite of technique to address our guest cold weather run needs. This is incredibly successful and gives us more opportunity to offer solutions in thermal comfort. 
 Shifting to men's, one of our key growth pillars, total revenue increased 38%. We saw strength across the board with outerwear, pants, second layers and underwear all standout. Performance in outerwear was particularly encouraging with comps up 100%. 
 Let me now share highlights on some of our key category expansions, outerwear and bras. As I mentioned, our male guests responded exceptionally well to our outerwear offering during the quarter. We were also happy on the women's side. Our lighter weight transitional pieces, train, run, [ yoga ] and OTC styles are stronger early in the quarter, with our heavier weight styles accelerating towards the end of Q3. In bras, we continue to push further into high support. We entered this category with the Enlite Bra and launched the Run Times style in Q3. We continue to believe the opportunity in high support is meaningful for us, and you'll see us continue to build out this offering in 2020. 
 I'd also like to highlight our Roksanda collection. This is a great example of how we use collaborations to acquire new guests and gain wallet share from existing guests. With this collection, we collaborated with London-based designer Roksanda Ilincic, who is known for her modern feminine silhouettes and her trademark color blocking. The collection spans 17 pieces and performed well for us in both North America and our international markets. Guests love Roksanda's take on our popular define jacket, and they responded well to the Infinity Coat. This coat can be worn 26 different ways and retail for $998. What's exciting here is that this is another proof point which tells us that when we bring newness and innovation into the assortment, price doesn't appear to be a limiting factor. 
 Looking ahead, we are excited to solve for our guests' unmet needs through our continued focus on proprietary fabric innovations through our lens of science of feel. 
 Thank you, and now I'll pass it on to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Sun. Before I provide highlights on Q3 and our guidance outlook, I will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our Investor site for additional details. 
 For Q3, total net revenue rose 23% to $916.1 million, driven by continued strong execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered an 11% constant dollar comp stores sales increase on top of a 7% increase in Q3 of last year. Square footage increased 18% versus last year driven by the addition of 53 net new lululemon stores since Q3 2018. During the quarter, we opened 19 net new stores and completed 6 optimizations. 
 In our digital channel, we posted a 30% constant dollar comp increase on top of a very strong 46% increase last year. For the quarter, e-com contributed approximately $247 million of top line or nearly 27% of total revenue. 
 Increased traffic in Q3 continues to drive comps both in-store and online, with increases in the high single digits and over 30%, respectively. And I'd add that the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $6.8 million in the quarter compared to Q3 last year. 
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $505 million or 55.1% of net revenue compared to 54.4% of net revenue in Q3 2018. The gross profit rate in Q3 increased 70 basis points versus gross margin last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 120 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns. We remain pleased with the product margin strength we continue to realize on top of the strong gains over the last several years. Occupancy and depreciation leveraged 10 basis points in the quarter. These improvements were partially offset by a 40 basis point increase in product and supply chain costs driven by additional investment in product development and supply chain. We also saw 20 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. 
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expenses were approximately $329 million or 35.9% of net revenue compared to 36.2% of net revenue for the same period last year. We're happy to have achieved leverage in line with our guidance in Q3, while at the same time continuing to use the strength in the business to invest in initiatives that fuel current and long-term growth, including data analytics, loyalty, Selfcare and men's. 
 Foreign exchange, both translation and revaluation, contributed 30 basis points of deleverage in the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $176 million or 19.2% of net revenue compared to 18.2% of net revenue in Q3 2018. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $51.8 million or 29.1% of pretax earnings compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 27.8% a year ago. The increase in our effective tax rate relative to our guidance relates to certain adjustments as a result of the recent filing of our fiscal year 2018 U.S. federal income tax return. This reduced EPS in Q3 by approximately $0.01 to $0.02. We now expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be approximately 28%. 
 Net income for the quarter was $126 million or $0.96 per diluted share compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.75 for the third quarter of 2018. 
 Capital expenditures were approximately $78 million for the quarter compared to approximately $73 million in the third quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations in IT and supply chain and investment.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $586 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 26% and was $627 million at the end of Q3. We repurchased approximately 44,500 shares this quarter at a cost of just under $8 million. Coming into 2019, our Board authorized a new $500 million share repurchase plan, of which approximately $328 million of authorization remained at the end of Q3.
 Turning now to our outlook. For Q4, we expect revenues to be in the range of $1.315 billion to $1.33 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. This also assumes 12 net new store openings in the quarter. 
 We expect gross margin to be up modestly versus Q4 of last year. For the full year, we continue to expect a $0.04 to $0.05 negative impact within gross margin related to tariffs and incremental airfreight costs. We incurred approximately $0.01 of this, $0.04 to $0.05 in Q2, $0.01 in Q3 and expect the remaining $0.02 to $0.03 to impact Q4. We remain excited with the opportunities we see to drive further increases in product margin, and we continue to believe that our overall gross margin will expand modestly on an annual basis through 2023. 
 We expect the SG&A rate in Q4 to leverage modestly as we balance investments for future growth with efficient management of our cost structure. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 28.5% and approximately 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.13 versus adjusted EPS of $1.85 a year ago. 
 For the full year 2019, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.895 billion to $3.91 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-teens on a constant dollar basis. 
 We expect to open approximately 50 net company-operated stores in 2019. This includes approximately 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the high teens range. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to expand modestly, primarily driven by continued product margin improvement. We expect SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly. 
 We expect our fiscal year 2019 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.78. Our EPS guidance is based on 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. This range takes into account approximately $0.04 to $0.05 of additional costs within gross margin related to the tariffs and airfreight that I mentioned earlier. 
 We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 28% in 2019. We've assumed the Canadian dollar at $0.75 to the U.S. dollar for 2019 as well as Q4. 
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $300 million for the fiscal year 2019. The increase versus 2018 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, new store openings, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects. 
 In closing, we're excited with the continued strength we're seeing in the business, and we remain optimistic about Q4 and beyond. 
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, PJ and Sun, for providing these insights in our business and performance. 
 Before we take your questions, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to our teams around the world. I believe that one of our greatest assets is the direct and authentic connection we have with our guests. This connection is created and nurtured by the educators in our stores, guest education centers and our teams and our distribution in store support centers. I'm constantly inspired by the passion of our teams around the world, and I want to thank each and every member of the lululemon organization, which drives the performance we're sharing with you today. 
 Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Congrats on the really, really, really strong quarter. Just 2 quick ones. One, I guess PJ or Calvin, any chance you could give some color on the men's category? Curious how the men's comps were. 
 And then maybe, Calvin, this is for you. The comp guide is -- I'm sorry to nitpick. It's a little slower than it was for last quarter. I'm just kind of curious. Maybe -- is there anything you can share about Black Friday or things you've seen quarter to date just to inform us a little bit on current trends in the business? 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks, Ike, for the questions. And I'll answer the second, sort of teeing up my sort of view of Q3 where I'll sort of touch on our men's business. Our men's business continues to be very strong. In fact, in the quarter, we saw an acceleration of the growth incoming, so we're very happy with how that continues to grow. And as I've mentioned before, we're just getting started on our product assortment as well as our activations to drive both awareness and consideration, where we see a significant amount of opportunity. 
 In terms of the guidance we gave for Q4, I'll first start with a quick view of what the growth drivers were in Q3. And as we look at the power of 3, we're very pleased with the balance across all of those 3 strategic pillars under product innovation. As I mentioned, we saw an acceleration in our men's business and a very strong continuation of growth in our women's on our omni guest experience. Our digital performance continued at a very strong rate, and we saw an acceleration of our growth in our stores. And across market expansion, we saw an acceleration of our international business, and North America continued its very strong performance. So very, very happy with the balance of growth in Q3, and I'm super excited with the start of Q4. This momentum has extended into the quarter. We had record performance over the Thanksgiving weekend, and we're happy the way that the holiday season has begun. 
 We've always given guidance that we believe is realistic and appropriate, and our guidance for the full year has always contemplated the comps in this range, and our view hasn't changed. Obviously, what I'd want to draw everyone's attention to is the majority of the quarter is still ahead. There are 6 fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year, which is a unique calendar shift and is reflected in our Q4 comp guidance. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another great quarter. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks. 
Matthew Boss: I guess maybe first on the gross margin. So 120 basis points of product margin expansion this quarter was your best 2-year stack in more than a year. So maybe, PJ, how best to think about fourth quarter product margins relative to the third quarter? And then, Calvin, after 800 basis points of improvement over the past 4 years, how best to rank the remaining drivers of product margin from here? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Matt, it's PJ. So yes, project -- product margin was up 120 basis points. That drove the gross margin increase, and that's on continued lower product costs. We had a slight benefit from product mix. Lower markdowns drove roughly 20 basis points of that improvement. I'd say going forward, the opportunity still remains for us on the product margin side. We'll continue to expand through scale, segmenting the supply chain, better cost visibility, greater efficiency across the distribution network. So happy with Q3 and where gross margin shake out. We were able to leverage occupancy on higher volume. And at the same time, we continue to make investments in product development, bras, accessories, outerwear. 
 So I mean the way to think about it in Q4, we're guiding to, again, modest gross margin expansion. That will be -- we continue to see the tailwind in product cost, but we're also going to continue to invest in product development to keep the top line fuel. So again, the guidance modest expansion tailwinds of product margin. If there's already headwinds, it's the additional investment we're making again to fuel top line. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up on the expense side. What's the best way to weigh the puts and takes on the SG&A line in the fourth quarter? And just as importantly, any unique strategic investments that we should consider next year that would be outside of that plan for modest SG&A leverage at low teens revenue growth? 
Patrick Guido: Yes, sure. So the puts and takes in SG&A -- the puts -- this quarter and throughout the year, we're leveraging our overhead. So we're picking up leverage there. The -- we're picking up a benefit from channel mix. Regional mix is a little bit of a headwind or take. 
 The key investments that we are making, we're expanding testing in new growth vehicles such as loyalty. We're going to continue to invest in our North American online guest experience, which has been driving conversion. We'll put incremental investment behind our power of 3, particularly our men's business. And we'll continue to invest in our omni platform. So that will continue into Q4 and probably beyond. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matt McClintock with Raymond James. 
Matthew McClintock: Congrats on a great quarter and best of luck, Stuart. So I'm going to start with a short term-question, so apologize for that. But just -- there was a lot of noise this quarter about intense promotional activity. A lot of people believed that your promotions were higher year-over-year, and yet you said that you had lower markdowns. So I was wondering if you could -- maybe we can pick your brains in terms of why maybe people are getting the wrong read from their channel checks in terms of your promotional activity. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. So first, I would just reiterate that lower markdowns have been a tailwind all year and contributed to gross margin expansion in Q3. I would also call out that our inventory was in great shape at the end of the quarter and heading into Q4 with a good balance of core and seasonal products and very low age stock. 
 So with that, with regards to markdown activity, I think it's important to know that our omni capabilities, such as shift from store and our RFID technology, allows us to pool the markdown product in stores, in outlets, in DCs on our website for full availability to the guests. So this, combined with a growing assortment, it does result in a breadth of styles on markdown online, but there's just not much depth for units behind. In fact, we have the ability to clear markdowns faster and at better sell-through rates by offering a digitally consolidated pool of inventory. So you can't really conclude that we're more promotional by scraping the website when in reality we're creating better value for the guests. While clearing what little markdown inventory, we have more efficiency. 
Matthew McClintock: That's very helpful. And Calvin, I was just wondering for international, now that you're looking for leadership there, what traits or expertise specifically are you looking for? There's been a lot of volatility in terms of international growth for a lot of brands over the year, maybe athletic less so. But it'd be interesting to see how you think about what you need there. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. Great question. And I'm excited about the potential. But I would start with reminding all of us that we have some very tenured, strong leaders in place that are running these regions: Gareth, who's been running our European and Middle East markets for the past 3 years; Ken, who's been running APAC, has been with us for 6 years, 4.5 in RoW; and Shenyang, who's been running our Mainland China market, has been with us 2 years. So very strong leadership, and they will continue to drive these businesses as they have. And I have huge respect and confidence in their ability. And this will give us an opportunity to bring in an executive that has an added experience in these markets, in particular in APAC where we can just build upon the talent and the strength we have, but build and bring a unique perspective that they've been in the market and can contribute to our continued growth story. 
 So for me, we're going to make sure that we select -- we're in no rush. We're going to select the right executive talent that has in-market experience and add to the very strong bench that we have already that have been and will continue to drive the markets for us. 
Operator: Our next question is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. 
Erinn Murphy: I guess my question is around the loyalty program. Now that you're in 4 cities, could you just talk a little bit more about what some of your biggest learnings have been? It sounds like you're bringing in an incremental customer. And then some of the things that you would maybe change as you think about rolling this out broader scale, and then maybe just update us on kind of the key hurdle rates, things that you need to see before that happens. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks, Erinn, for the question. So as you know, we've extended the test into the Chicago market, which was our most recent in September, and that provided us with a unique learning opportunity in that it's a much larger market for us. Up to that point, we had been in Edmonton, Denver and Austin. In addition, we had our experiential store, so we could understand the connection with that strategy. And I would tell you the results equal to in the other markets proved to be very strong. We sold and hit our numbers within the first 4 weeks, and we continue to see very, very positive results across all metrics. And those are, one, the engagement of our high-value guests. The amount of new guests we're seeing through this program continues to be very strong. And we over-indexed on men relative to our share of sales of men within our business. So it's proving to be a great loyalty and engagement with our high-value loyal guests, but also an acquisition of new and building our men's guests in a very positive way. 
 And what we learned in Chicago was just the connection to the experiential store and having the sweat studio in place just strengthens the engagement that the guests have. Overall, they -- the guest metrics across most levers have been very, very positive on this, and we are very encouraged. And as we look towards 2020, we are planning on a broader rollout for next year, and we'll share more of that in the coming months. But our intention is to take these learnings and develop the program and expand it into more cities next year. 
Erinn Murphy: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a second follow-up on some of the things we're seeing in the store with Selfcare. It seems like you guys have been adding a few third-party brands. Can you just talk a little bit about kind of the balance you're trying to strike between both of them, and just generally, kind of what the rollout strategy from here is to Selfcare? 
Sun Choe: Sure, Erinn. I'll take that question. Thanks. I'd say we're really excited about Selfcare as a category overall as we test into this. And for next year, we are planning to increase our store distribution. So currently, it's available in 50 stores and online. 
 As far as third party, it is only offered on our U.S. e-com site. I mean it is a fairly limited selection. It's approximately 8 SKUs. And the intention there is to partner with brands that we feel offer our guests a more complete assortment in terms of solving sweaty solutions for athletes. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Poser with Susquehanna. 
Samuel Poser: Many of the questions have been answered, but I mean when -- can you give us some more details on sort of how you planned the events over Thanksgiving weekend? Because it did look a little more promotional than it did a year ago, but it also seemed like it was very controlled. Can you give us some idea of sort of the thought and how that all came together and how you think about that on an annualized basis as well? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes, absolutely, Sam. I would tell you -- and I was in market, I had the opportunity to visit a number of our stores across cities, both what was exciting that week obviously with us opening up in Mall Of America, our second experiential store and our Fifth location in New York. And the -- there is no change to our execution. We did take opportunity to utilize markdowns that we have as a means to make those available to the guests. But interestingly over the weekend, although our markdown performed well, our core growth was greater than our growth in markdowns. So we continue -- even though we had a very strong weekend, as I mentioned earlier, record-setting, it was still driven by core, leveraging markdowns as an opportunity to clear through some inventory and really put our innovation front and center, which responded well and no change in strategy. And the guests responded in a very positive fashion to that strategy. 
Samuel Poser: And then we -- on the loyalty program, you said you're attracting more men -- or at least in Chicago, you had -- you attracted more men and so on. Can you give us some idea of -- I think that's a follow-up on Erinn's question. So more of what those lines in the sand are to where you have to surpass them, like could you give us some idea of some of the matrix of what you're looking for? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. It fits -- if this notion of line in the sand is, is there a hurdle or number we need to hit before we decide to go or not go, I would tell you, there isn't a metric in the markets we've been in that hasn't exceeded our expectations in showing a high engagement with the guests. We're just being responsibly cautious as we tweak the program and our ability to make sure that we delight the guests. There are a lot of different types of membership loyalty programs out there, and the majority of them are very easy to operate and execute. And the reason I think the guest is responding so well to ours is it fits with who we are as a brand being experiential. They are joining a cohort of other guests and joining the community, which brings them both event experiences, access to product and access to the Sweatlife, which is very unique and different. And they're responding in a very favorable way, and we're very excited about it. And we just want to make sure that as we scale it, that knowing that we are offering a product to our high-value guests that we're delivering on the commitment and the expectation they have. 
 So it really is us being cautious in scaling as we do, which is right and prudent on something that I think is so unique, special, that we're not -- we're not rushing. We have no need to rush, and the metrics are very positive. So there's no line in the sand in that regard. And our incentive plan next year is to broaden it. And we will move forward in, I think, a responsible fashion. But there's no line that would indicate a metric. They're all very, very positive and encouraging and exciting. 
Samuel Poser: And just one quick follow-up. I mean does that mean like part of this to really surprise and delight, as you put it, your guests? Is this really also then about training your own people to be able to then go and sort of spread the word as you roll to other cities? So now you have 4 cities where you could then bring people and to trade them to go out. When you had one, you were limited. Am I thinking about that sort of the right way? Because you did that with your showroom. You did that with your showrooms and trade people and trade customers. Is that a similar type of manner that you're rolling this out so your own folks need to be trained [ maintaining ] this as well? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes, there's an element to the role that the educators play. But in fact, one of the strengths to our brand is we have a long history of our educators being connected in the community. And that's one of the big sources of how we grow and build our ambassador base. So that's actually not a factor that would cause us to just go at a pace. It really is our decision and control. 
 Big part of the membership program and the benefits is we like to host local sweat opportunities in the community with studio partners. And so there's an element of us wanting to make sure that we source the right that we are able to host these events and these parties, if you like, and then bring our cohorts together. And therefore, it's just a unique aspect of the program that we've been doing in the 4 cities. And we want to make sure that as we scale it, we're doing it in the right effective manner that's going to deliver the right experience for our guests. 
Operator: Our next question is from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on another great quarter. So Calvin, you talked a little bit about the new experiential stores both in Lincoln Park and the Mall Of America. Just wondered if you can expand upon it a little bit. How many -- how much of the square footage of lululemon do you think these types of stores can ultimately represent? I think the last -- on the previous call, you talked a little bit about it, but any new color and any learnings that you have on this would be helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, John. Appreciate that. I think the -- there are really 3 key elements to the benefit of experiential stores that I'll touch on. And the first is they really are the pinnacle expression of our vision of the guests living the Sweatlife. Second is they create a positive impact across the market. There really is a halo impact. And third would be the brand strength. So if I take those each individually from living in and creating our vision, we know through the Lincoln Park and early indication on Mall Of America is that our high-value guest interacts and frequents these stores on a more frequent basis, that they spend more time, that they are both coming back to participate in the sweat activity and/or stay and hang with others at the fuel. And that's also translating into shopping as we're seeing very healthy conversion and growing of share of wallet as well as attracting and building new guests. So in terms of the general metrics, they're very positive, and we just purely look at it through the operational lens of what you'd want from the KPIs. 
 Equally and the second being the positive impact within the market, in Chicago, and we're anticipating the same within Minneapolis, is that we do see the overall market lift, and that's a factor of the ambassador community. These are hubs for them where they are spending time in building out both their influence as well as how they influence lululemon and the Sweatlife community, and overall, just brand awareness and consideration in both online and physical. So we're very, very pleased with that. 
 And third is the brand strength. So if you think of what I believe is truly our unique approach to this loyalty, if you like, it starts with our stores, be it colocated, our current base or in these pinnacle expressions, the experiential. Then you factor in our ambassador community. Then you layer in our membership. Then you layer in our events. It really is creating a layered halo that's impacting not just loyalty engagement, but our strength within these marketplaces. And these experiential stores are really helping to create a hub to drive that. 
 And I'll reiterate what I said on Analyst Day, which is that experiential stores could represent approximately 10% of our store base in the future. We're excited about the early indication. We're equally excited about how our store base factors into that loyalty equation that I just shared with you with the multiple layers of connecting with ambassador membership and events. But experiential will play a key role in tier cities, and we're going to test and learn and see, but they are performing well out of the gate. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to first ask about just the seasonal stores. As you've continued to invest in the CRM capabilities, curious how the strategy around those seasonal stores have evolved. Earlier, I believe you said 30% of transactions are from guests new to Lulu, which sounds like a big opportunity if you're able to capture and leverage that data. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks for the question, Mark. So as you mentioned, the pop-up or the seasonal stores serve a variety of really interesting strategies for us. One, they allow us to go in, in a very low-cost manner to test either new real estate locations within a market and/or a new market altogether. So we've been using that for a number of years, and it's proven to be very effective where we can either determine the risk or no risk of cannibalization, the opportunity of concentration of multiple stores or to really test the opportunity of a new market. And in that, not only are we seeing current guests being able to shop and interact more with us, but it is proving to be a very, very cost-effective way to acquiring a new guest. And then either we turn that seasonal store into a permanent location and we continue to nurture that relationship, or in some cases, we may not sustain it throughout the year but continue to come back into the market at an ad hoc basis. But we do maintain the relationships with those guests and then try to transition them into becoming an omni guest where they would shop with us online. And mainly, we would capture that through our e-mail file growth. 
 And obviously in seasonal, our educators know that one of the key metrics when we go in is e-mail capture. So although we monitor that across our network of stores, in particular in seasonal with it being such an important part of the strategy, that is one of those really important metrics that we work with our educators and our teams to make sure that we're capturing. Once we have it, depending upon the outcome of the location, we would determine to utilize that information relationship with the guests in a variety of ways. 
 2018, we operated 63. This year, we have 74. That's sort of the run rate we're seeing. I think about 1/3 transitioned to mainline stores, so that's sort of our going-in rate. So it's -- I think it's a really exciting strategy, and as alluded, our new guest acquisition and validation of markets. 
Mark Altschwager: And then, Calvin, several times in this call, you've spoken to the powerful impact of events. I was hoping you could just update us on your thoughts on scaling that event strategy. I know it's always been a piece of the community building. It sounds like it's going to be even bigger once loyalty rolls out. But I mean is this specific to loyalty? Or maybe just bigger picture, how are events going to be a bigger part of what lulu's doing? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark. I think the first thing is to recognize that one of the beauties of this brand is that we host a ton of events globally on an annual basis. Now the size of that event is very different from what a local store may do on a Sunday bringing in guests to the pinnacle event at SeaWheeze or what we're starting to do with our run events to the Sweatlife festival that are happening in Europe and events in Asia. So there has always been rooted in this brand and the community is hosting of events. 
 The opportunity with membership is to build upon that. We know that the guests love the ability to connect with one another, the ability to connect with our educators and our ambassadors within a community either through sweat or through grow, which is another aspect of the Sweatlife. And membership just allows us to create even more events. We do see creating more of these pinnacle events, the 10k event in San Diego. I was down there for the weekend. It was so incredibly powerful. And when you're there and you visit the stores, and all 3 stores in city over the weekend had fantastic results, vibrant. The ambassadors who are in the community, 5,000 people running. I was surprised, pleasantly surprised with the number that are running in our gear. So we are attracting our guests that are really engaged in the essence of what we're creating around the brand, and it's so energetic and electric. 
 Membership will have some unique events. They will have easy and quicker access to other events. And some of the local sweat studio classes that we host will be exclusive for them or they can bring a friend, too. So it's not going to be an exclusive, but there will be unique opportunities. But events is an area that we continue to see an opportunity to strengthen the relationship with the guests and drive that loyalty in a very unique way for this brand and in our community that we're really excited and energized about. 
Operator: Our last question is from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I'll add my congratulations as well. Calvin, we read about the investment that you guys made in Mirror in the quarter. At the Analyst Day, you spoke to ways to garner greater share of that $3 trillion global wellness pie. Just curious to how you're evaluating lifestyle or experiential opportunities beyond the core lululemon apparel offering in the next 12 to 18 months. Certainly, we talked a lot about loyalty today and the experiential stores, but just any additional detail about what's getting you most excited from a white space perspective would be helpful there. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thank you. I'll first just mention on the small investment that we made into Mirror and why I'm excited about that and working with Brynn, the CEO of that business, who some of you may or may not know is actually -- is a legacy ambassador. She was an ambassador of lululemon a few years ago. 
 I'm very interested in the space of in-home fitness and that experience. What Mirror provided, which is interesting for us, is the opportunity to learn how the guests are interacting with the content. That is very similar to a lot of how our guests are choosing to sweat, be it through high-impact meditation, yoga or other train activities in home. So it really is an opportunity for us to learn both the balance of how the hardware works and then potentially app and other opportunities down the road. So it's really a front row to work with a wonderful person, being Brynn, that we have a lot of strong relationship with and seek. 
 And I do think when I look at membership and the opportunity that we have, there is in this area of content. What we know the guest is responding to is our curation of content in the physical sweat space, and that is really exciting. And experiential and events allow us to curate other physical opportunities for those cohorts to come together. 
 But equally interesting is how we can provide content in a unique way in the digital space. We ran SeaWheeze. 10,000 runners participated. But 6,000 runners globally ran SeaWheeze virtually around the world. 
 So there's this beautiful and very exciting balance between physical and virtual that we're interested in and exploring. And membership brings it to life both in the physical, and we are leaning in and learning and seeing white space opportunity around the digital/virtual opportunities in which how that content can equally translate into the membership program and beyond. So it's an interesting opportunity to learn in an area that I am excited about and we are paying attention to. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Happy holidays, and we look forward to speaking to you in a few months when we report our fourth quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-09-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon. Please go ahead, sir. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Celeste Burgoyne, EVP Americas and Global Guest Innovation; and PJ Guido, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but by which its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. 
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investors site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistic for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Howard. I'd like to welcome everyone to our second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to take you through our results, which reflect continued strength across all areas of the business.
 Lululemon had another successful quarter as our teams across the world continue to build upon momentum in our business and execute on our Power of Three vision for growth. On today's call, I'll provide an overview of our quarter 2 results, including further details on some key initiatives within product innovation and our international business. Next, Celeste Burgoyne, our EVP of the Americas and Global Guest Innovation, will join us to discuss the success within the North American region, early learnings from our Lincoln Park experiential store, and the progress of our membership pilot. 
 Then, PJ will provide a detailed financial review as well as our guidance outlook. To wrap up our call, I'll provide a few closing comments, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. 
 Looking at our second quarter results. Momentum in the business remains strong across product categories, channels and regions. We're now 2 quarters into our 5-year vision, and I'm pleased with the strong execution and passion across the business to continue to deliver on our growth priorities. In quarter 2, total revenue grew 22%. Constant dollar comps increased 17% on top of a 19% increase last year, and earnings per share increased 35%. I'm also proud to share how we are living into our vision to be the experiential brand that ignites a community of people living the Sweatlife through Sweat, Grow and Connect. 
 In July, we opened our first experiential store in Chicago's Lincoln Park neighborhood, and just a few weeks ago, we hosted our eighth annual SeaWheeze Half Marathon in Sunset Festival in Vancouver. These are both fantastic examples of how we are bringing innovation to guest engagement and connecting with our community both inside and outside the 4 walls of our store. You'll hear more specific details from Celeste shortly on these exciting initiatives. 
 I will now update you on our Power of Three growth pillars: product innovation, omni guest experience and market expansion. I'll speak to product in international, and then Celeste will take you through the North America and omni guest experience.
 As you'll recall, our 5-year vision details our path to grow our core business in the low double digits annually, while doubling our men's -- doubling our digital and quadrupling our international businesses between now and the end of 2023. Within our product innovation pillar, guest response to our merchandise offering was particularly strong across the board as we continue to leverage our key core franchises while always delivering new innovation through the science of feel.
 In women's, comps grew 13% as bottoms remained strong, driven by both pants and shorts. Within the men's business, comps grew 27% with ongoing strength in both tops and bottoms. Like women's, the men's side also saw strength in shorts. Across both men's and women's, we continue to innovate to serve our guests across key activities, yoga, run, OTC and train. Within train this quarter, we launched our latest collaboration, Stronger As One with Barry's. This dual-gender collection was designed specifically for the type of workouts that are popular in Barry's Bootcamp sweat classes, with fabrics that offer abrasion resistance, breathability and moisture-wicking. The strong response to the collection provides a compelling proof point of the opportunities as we push further into the train category in future seasons.
 Now I'll provide a quick update on Selfcare. We're thrilled with the initial guest response as performances exceeded our expectations, look for several new additions to the line between now and the end of the fiscal year. We're in the early phases of this pilot and see many opportunities to create product with our unique positioning of solving sweaty problems for athletes.
 Looking ahead across all categories, I'm happy with our near-term product pipeline and the many innovations that our teams have in longer-term development. Through our unique approach to innovation, the science of feel, we've recently relaunched our Metal Vent collection. This builds upon our successful franchise by offering improved performance attributes, and we're supporting the launch with compelling storytelling to attract new and existing guests to this product line. 
 Our outerwear continues to represent a meaningful opportunity for us, and we're excited to launch waterproof wool in the fall. This fabric innovation will offer guests the warmth and texture they expect from wool, while keeping them dry as they spend time outdoors. We'll also be expanding our lab product to 45 stores and online for fall. As we showcased for you at our Analyst Day, our lab product reflects our pinnacle aesthetic and appeals to a younger, more urban guest relative to our core.
 Turning now to international. Let me share an update on the progress and success we're seeing in Europe. I spent several days with the team in London a few weeks ago, and we're continuing to see strong trends in this market now that we are more established in the region. In quarter 2, total revenue in Europe grew 35%. We're also pleased with the continued success of our global event strategy, and in June, we hosted our Annual Sweatlife Festival in London. This amazing event brings together guest educators, ambassadors and other members of the local community for a weekend of sweat classes, yoga, personal development and meditation. 
 In August, we hosted Sweatlife Berlin for the second time, and I'm excited that we are bringing this event to Paris for the first time in early October. We're also pleased with the recent opening of our first mainline store in the Saint-Germain area of Paris and with the rollout of our local market e-commerce sites in France and Germany. Both sites went live during quarter 2, and we're happy with their performance to date.
 In our APAC region, the momentum continues to be driven by strength in both our store and online channels. Total revenue in APAC grew 33% in quarter 2 with particular strength in China, where we saw market growth of 68%. We opened 2 new locations in China and our fourth store in Singapore with our Marina Bay location. We're in the early stages of our growth potential and remain on track to open approximately 15 stores in China this year, almost doubling our store count when compared to the end of 2018. And we continue to see strength in our e-commerce business as guests engage with our brand across channels. In China, our e-commerce comps were over 70%, and our new local market sites in Korea and Japan are exceeding initial expectations.
 I will now turn it over to Celeste to share an update on North America and omni guest experience. Celeste? 
Celeste Burgoyne: Thanks, Calvin. I'm thrilled to speak with you about the growth we're seeing across our stores and online channels, which reflect the strong connection we have with our guests. 
 In Q2, revenue in North America increased 21% as our guests continue to respond well to our merchandise assortment, engaging store environment and unique brand activation. Traffic remains a key driver in North America as our strategies and investments continue to drive guests into stores and to our e-commerce sites. 
 During the quarter, we opened one new store in the U.S., and will remain on track to open 15 to 20 stores this year in North America. In addition, we remain particularly excited with the results we're seeing from our collocated remodeled strategy, and we completed 8 projects in Q2.
 Within our digital business, guest engagement continues to be strong, and we are focused on pushing forward with improvement to our sites and mobile apps. We are currently in the process of rolling out new search-and-browse functionality, which will further enhance and personalize the experience for guests visiting our e-commerce site. We are also enhancing our product detail page across our digital ecosystem, which will improve product storytelling and product education and further support conversion. 
 And finally, we now have buy online, pick-up in-store capabilities in nearly all of our stores across North America, up from 150 stores at the end of Q1. So far, the favorable response from guests shows how much they appreciate the flexibly and efficiency of this service.
 As Calvin mentioned, we are living into our vision and engaging with guests in compelling new ways both inside and outside of the store. Our Lincoln Park store is truly the physical manifestation of the heart and soul of lululemon, which is reflected in being active, cultivating mindfulness, and developing meaningful connections. At lululemon, we refer to these 3 tenets as the Sweatlife. 
 We're really excited with Lincoln Park's performance since its opening in July as it provides our guests, educators and ambassadors a space to sweat, grow and connect together. All under one roof, the store offers dedicated studio space for sweat classes and meditation; locker room for showers; healthy food at our fuel bar; a community space created simply to foster connection; and of course, an elevated shopping experience. 
 45 of our local ambassadors call this store home, and they lead the 6 to 10 classes we offer every day. Currently, the stores are one-of-a-kind for us as we learn from the initial results.
 Looking forward, we're excited to share that we have 2 key store openings planned for November, one in Minneapolis and one in New York City. In Minneapolis, we'll be opening our second full experiential store in the Mall of America. This location will offer several of the features found in Lincoln Park, and we are excited about what this store can teach us as a high-volume mall-based location. 
 In New York City, we'll complete the relocation of our large format, Fifth Avenue store near Rockefeller Center. While this store is only moving across the street, the new 23,000-square-foot location will offer an enhanced shopping experience for our guests with a better representation of the product assortment for both men and women. These 2 openings illustrate the agility of our store format as we meet the wants and needs of guests in each community where we open.
 Let me shift gears now and update you on membership. Our program remains very much attached. However, we are happy with the engagement we're seeing from our members in the first 3 cities of Edmonton, Denver and Austin. As we expected, our loyal guests make up the majority of members so far, but we have a number of members who's signing up for the program with their first purchase with our brand. 
 In addition, we are seeing men connect with us via the program with over 20% of our members being male in Austin. While we continue to test and learn, we won't get into the specific economics of the program yet, but we recently launched in our fourth test market of Chicago. With the opening of Lincoln Park, we're excited to see the potential synergies that our membership program and experiential store can create together. 
 Looking at our community activations in Q2. I'd like to highlight several for you that help us further engage with our guests who choose running as their preferred way to sweat. We hosted our 10K runs in Toronto and Edmonton with positive response from the local community and had 10,000 and 7,000 participants, respectively. In addition, we announced our first large-scale run event in the U.S., a 10K in San Diego that will happen in November and sold out in 3 days. 
 Our brand momentum continued into the third quarter with our SeaWheeze Half Marathon. In addition to the race, which had 10,000 participants, including 3 of our global run ambassadors, we also had 6,500 guests join us for yoga. We offered Vision & Goals sessions, and we held a celebration in the evening with world-class musical acts. SeaWheeze is a powerful example of how we create lasting ways to sweat, grow and connect with our community beyond what happens within our stores. 
 Before turning it over to PJ, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to our educators and store teams as they continue to bring the lululemon brand to life every day for our guests. I'd also like to specifically thank the cross-functional teams that worked to open Lincoln Park. This was a considerable undertaking, and I really don't have the words to express my gratitude for everyone involved.
 And now I'll pass it to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Celeste. Before I provide highlights on Q2 and our guidance outlook, I will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our investor site for additional details. 
 For Q2, total net revenue rose 22% to $883 million, driven by continued strong execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered an 11% constant dollar comp store sales increase on top of a 10% increase in Q2 of last year. Square footage increased 17% versus last year, driven by the addition of 45 net new lululemon stores since Q2 of 2018. During the quarter, we opened 5 new stores and completed 8 optimizations, including the opening of our experiential store in Lincoln Park. 
 In our digital channel, we posted a 31% constant dollar comp increase on top of a very strong 47% increase last year. For the quarter, e-com contributed approximately $218 million of top line or nearly 25% of total revenue.
 Increased traffic in Q2 continues to drive comps, both in-store and online, with increases in the high single digits and over 30%, respectively. And I'd add that the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $8.4 million in the quarter. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $485.8 million or 55% of net revenue compared to 54.8% of net revenue in Q2 2018. The gross profit rate in Q2 increased 20 basis points versus gross margin last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 90 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns. This comes despite the additional air freight expense we incurred as a hedge against potential port congestion related to China tariffs.
 We remain pleased with the product margin strength we continue to realize on top of strong gains over the last several years. Product margin expansion was partially offset by a 30 basis point increase in product and supply chain costs, driven by ongoing investment in product development and supply chain, including our new Toronto DC and an increase in occupancy and depreciation expense of 20 basis points. We also saw 20 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expenses were approximately $318 million or 36% of net revenue compared to 36.2% of net revenue for the same period last year. 
 We're happy to have achieved leverage in our -- in line with our guidance in Q2, while at the same time continuing to use the strength in the business to build brand awareness and invest in initiatives that fuel current and long-term growth, including data and analytics, loyalty, self-care and men's. These ongoing investments contributed to deleverage of 70 basis points, which is more than offset by 90 basis points of leverage in store costs and foreign exchange. 
 Operating income for the quarter was approximately $168 million or 19% of net revenue compared to 18.5% of net revenue in Q2 2018. Tax expense for the quarter was $45 million or 26.4% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.5% a year ago. The decrease in our effective tax rate relative to our guidance reflects the release of new regulations, which resulted in additional foreign tax credits for prior years. These deductions benefited EPS in Q2 by approximately $0.02. We now expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be approximately 27.5%. 
 Net income for the quarter was $125 million or $0.96 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.71 for the second quarter of 2018. Capital expenditures were approximately $67 million for the quarter compared to approximately $50 million in the second quarter of last year. The increase relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and IT and supply chain investment. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $624 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 26% and was $494 million at the end of Q2. We repurchased approximately 9,600 shares this quarter at a cost of $1.6 million. Coming into 2019, our Board authorized a new $500 million share repurchase plan, of which approximately $336 million of authorization remained at the end of Q2. We believe that repurchasing our shares is an efficient and effective way to return cash to shareholders, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchase activity.
 Turning now to our outlook. For Q3, we expect revenues to be in the range of $880 million to $890 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low teens on a constant-dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2018. This also assumes 22 new store openings in the quarter. 
 We expect gross margin to be flat to up modestly versus Q3 of last year. Our guidance reflects the impact from new tariffs imposed on imports from China as well as additional air freight expense. For the full year, we continue to expect a $0.04 to $0.05 negative impact within gross margin related to the new tariffs and incremental air freight costs used as a hedge against possible port congestion. We incurred approximately $0.01 of this $0.04 to $0.05 in Q2 and expect the remaining $0.03 to $0.04 to impact Q3 and Q4 more evenly. 
 We remain excited with the opportunities we see to drive further increases in product margins. As we laid out for you at our Analyst Day, we're continuing to execute on our strategies to further segment our supply chain and increase efficiencies within our distribution network. These initiatives, coupled with ongoing scale benefits as we continue to grow, give us confidence that our gross margin will continue to expand modestly on an annual basis through 2023. We expect SG&A rate in Q3 to leverage modestly as we balance investments for future growth with efficient management of our cost structure. We continue to expect modest leverage on the year.
 Assuming a tax rate of 28% and approximately 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.90 to $0.92 versus EPS of $0.71 a year ago. 
 For the full year 2019, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $3.84 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low teens on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to open approximately 45 to 50 company-operated stores in 2019. This includes approximately 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the mid- to high teens range. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to expand modestly, primarily driven by continued product margin improvement. We expect SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly. We expect our fiscal year 2019 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.63 to $4.70. Our EPS guidance is based on 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. This range takes into account approximately $0.04 to $0.05 of additional costs within gross margin related to the tariffs and airfreight that I mentioned earlier. 
 We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 27.5% in 2019. We had assumed the Canadian dollar at $0.75 to the U.S. dollar for 2019 as well as Q3. We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $275 million to $285 million for the fiscal year 2019. The increase versus 2018 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, new store openings, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects. 
 In closing, we're excited with the continued strength we're seeing in the business, and we remain optimistic about the fall season and beyond. 
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: I would like to thank PJ and Celeste for providing these insights in our business and performance. All of us within the company are proud of what we have achieved. As I travel around the world, I see guests responding to our product, our innovations and living the Sweatlife. Finally, I'd like to thank everyone at lululemon for their commitment and dedication in achieving these results. 
 And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Paul Trussell who's with Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Congrats on another great quarter. My first question is just related to the margin outlook for the third quarter and second half overall. Maybe just talk a little bit more about the puts and takes to the flat to up modest gross margin outlook as well as help us think a little bit more about why just modest leverage when low teen comps in the second half as you leverage some of those strategic investments that you started making last year. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Paul, it's PJ. Thanks for the question. So similar to Q2 going forward in back half for gross margin, it's a similar story. We expect continued gains in product margin, driven by lower product costs. We don't forecast into a mix benefit, but mix has been a benefit for the first part of the year, given the strength in our women's pants business. But product costs remain the big opportunity, and it comes through scale, through segmenting our supply chain, better cost visibility and certainly greater efficiency across our distribution networks. So we expect that to continue.
 The takes, as you alluded to, we will see some occupancy and depreciation pressure as we continue to open stores internationally, which carry higher rents, as you know. But we also have some product development costs for newer categories such as bras, outerwear and accessories. So those are the puts and takes we see in the back half, but net-net, we still expect modest gross margin expansion for the year and going forward. 
Paul Trussell: And on SG&A? 
Patrick Guido: And on SG&A, so we committed to modest SG&A leverage. Last year, we delivered. We're committing to the same for this year and going forward. We continue to use strong performance to invest in current long-term growth. We are seeing the results from that. During Q2, we invested, specifically, we expanded testing in new growth vehicles, loyalty. We continued our investment in our North American online guest experience. We continue to expand our omni capabilities, both in North America and globally. And that will continue to roll forward in the second half of the year. 
 If we don't do these investments, we could see higher SG&A leverage for the quarter and beyond, but we continue to believe this is the right strategy for the business. 
Paul Trussell: And lastly for me is one of the more impressive parts of this quarter was the brick-and-mortar comp growth. Maybe just speak a little bit more about what is leading to the traffic increases and improvement in conversion that you're seeing in-store. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Paul. On the momentum that we're seeing in the business, I really break it down into 3 key categories. The first is the athletics space in general is very healthy relative to other sectors in both apparel and retail in general. Second, our business has fewer highs and lows relative to other apparel brands. And we're less dependent on seasonal fluctuations, and we have a very healthy core business that is driving our success. 
 And then, finally, and it, to me, is what the team is doing such a wonderful job at, and that's engineering that growth. And that's coming from: one, compelling product; two, brand activations; and three, our continual improvement in our data analytics and digital marketing, where we're testing and learning and developing those strengths within the business. 
 So it's a combination of the health of the space and the success and momentum the team is doing in terms of engineering that growth. And we're seeing that across all international businesses, and we're seeing it within, not just in traffic, but as you alluded to, very healthy conversion numbers, which normally, you don't see those 2 run together. And that's the work that our store teams are doing on guest engagement, investing in the educator. And I also think it's a reflection of the data analytics, as I alluded to. Guests are coming in prepped with what their intent is, and we have educators engaged and ready to assist them, and all that work is paying off. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss who's with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter, guys. So Calvin, maybe on the gross margin. What do you see as the multi-year opportunity here? Or maybe a different way to put it, any structural feeling as we think about gross margin, considering digital's outpacing store revenues and just the overall control that you have over distribution? 
Calvin McDonald: I mean, I think I would -- in our 5-year guidance and our long-term plan that we shared on Analyst Day, it's the best guidance that you should use to model, and it's what we're building into. It's a combination of fine-tuning opportunities to improve cost of goods as we grow in scale and as we build those relationships with our vendor base. 
 Second, obviously, we're mixing in new categories and making sure that we get that balance correctly. Third, we're mixing in new markets. And PJ alluded to different markets around the globe have a different cost structure as well as we're expanding our North American business, in building stores that are driving wonderful sales numbers and engaging with guests in offering them the full product. 
 So that full balance across our 5-year plan, we're committed to. We're seeing great success in it. A lot of that innovation is what's driving our top line. And I think the result is we are going to see leverage in gross margin, but it will be more in line with how we've provided guidance over the next coming years. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then, maybe just a follow-up on the expense front. So I guess, really, the question is best way to speak to the balance between in-store cost leverage versus ongoing brand investments. I'm trying to figure out, is 2Q a microcosm for the go-forward modest SG&A algorithm? 
 And then just one follow-up would be on the comps. Have you seen any moderation, as you speak to the momentum, any moderation whatsoever in August? Or fair to say that the momentum has continued through strong? 
Patrick Guido: Well, to your second question, we're pleased with the momentum. Can't give too much color on comp, but we're pleased with where we are, and we continue to see strong traffic. So good news there. 
 On your question about SG&A, I would not say it's a microcosm of the future, but I would say given our store performance, we did leverage channel SG&A to a higher degree this quarter, but we also did have higher investment. And again, we use the upside of good performance to set us up for growth in the coming year. 
 So I would also say we'll start to see benefit, and we already are seeing benefit from our prior investments that we've made in prior quarters. Specifically, digital marketing investment has driven guest acquisition. The enhancements to our website, search, browse, checkout are driving conversion. And our investments in data and analytics are allowing for greater personalization and a closer relationship with our guests. So our prior investment is leveraging. And again, that is a model that's been working for us, and we'll continue to deploy that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager who's with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the continued momentum. It was nice to see the trend of lower markdowns continuing in the quarter. Was wondering if you could provide some color on the percent of your total sales that are coming from markdowns today. I think you most recently commented on some numbers for the holiday periods. Just curious how that's trending year-to-date?
 I was also wondering if you could touch on what's been happening with some of the ship-from-store capabilities and how that may be affecting the merch margin trends on the markdown front. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. We don't really give out the specific markdown number, as you said. So our markdown activity was lower and -- this quarter, and it did contribute to gross margin expansion. Yes. 
Mark Altschwager: Okay. And then maybe as a quick follow-up. I was hoping you could comment on some of the trends you're seeing in the bra category. Been a tremendous amount of innovation there and a bigger marketing focus. So curious what your key learnings are from the spring season. 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, yes, we remain very excited about the opportunity within the bra category. The product team continues to launch and develop product that will launch in the coming quarters and years as we see opportunity to innovate into whitespace within the category and add to our assortment. One of the new areas for this quarter that we activated was a bit of that brand activation and storytelling, and we saw the guest respond well to it. 
 In Q1, we really started to invest and set up the stores, how we merchandise. Q2, as we continue to roll out a couple of incremental SKUs, we got into some of the storytelling. Lincoln Park is a test, but an expression of how we want to lean into the category and tell our unique, innovative story behind science of feel as well as present the athletic bra category to our guests in the different segments that we see as opportunity.
 So it is very early for us in bra. This will be a multi-quarter, multi-year investment. We are testing and learning and moving along. But the good news is that we're very happy with the results, and we're equally excited about how we're learning as an organization and what's to come as we continue to make investments in this category. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons who's with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Congratulations on the strong results. You've seen amazing strength in the bottoms business in recent quarters. Did you say how much women's bottoms were up in the second quarter? 
 And I guess when you parse out that strength between more athletic offerings maybe versus more lifestyle offerings like office travel commute, how do you think about the strength there? Is it more broad based? We're just trying to get a sense as to what aspects of the customers' lifestyle you guys are really appealing to, and just how to think about the trajectory of that business into the back half. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Kate. On the bottoms business, as you know, it's a core category for us in both women's and men's. And in Q2, we saw both of those continue to perform very strong with double-digit comp performance. In fact, men's outperformed women's as we continued to see success in our men's initiative as one of the key Power of Three growth initiatives. Strength in women's was really driven by both long styles in shorts. We're fueling the strength in shorts by leveraging our core line in fashion free franchises into a shorter inseam bike short, which is resonating very well with the guest. 
 And in men's, the ABC franchise continued to see great success with existing guests and as a very strong new guest acquisition item. And equally, seeing success in shorts with the short and the Pace Breaker in Surge. So a very good, healthy, balanced bottoms business across both pants, shorts, men's and women's. And we continue to have innovative plans that we'll be launching to continue to drive that momentum forward. 
 And as I alluded before, the team is doing a wonderful job in leveraging the relationships and then broadening, if you like, the share of wardrobe outside of just the bottom business. And we're seeing a lot of success in that, and that's helping to drive success across many of the other categories. And we anticipate to continue to see success in doing that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez who's with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk a little bit about your average ticket size in North America in-store versus online? Curious to how different the average ticket is there. 
 And how does that compare to what you're seeing in both Europe and Asia, when you look at the stores versus online business? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Paul, it's PJ. So average ticket has remained relatively stable and is pretty consistent across channel. And there are subtle differences regionally, but by and large, average ticket is fairly similar. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then, can you maybe talk about the tops to bottoms ratio? Where you are in the men's business? Where are you in the women's business? And where do you hope to be longer term in each of the genders? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So the men's business penetration has picked up given the higher growth rate. It's in the low -- was in the low 20s, approaching the mid-20s. So that trend will continue. But while the men's business is growing at a high rate, the women's business is growing pretty steadily as well. 
 So I'm hard-pressed to put specific penetration numbers on it, given both businesses are growing together. So -- but men's has picked up. 
Paul Lejuez: PJ, I was talking more about the tops to bottoms ratio within men's and the same within women's, if you can speak to where you are today versus where you're going. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sorry, Paul. We don't really share -- we don't share that. But bottoms is predominantly -- the ratio of bottoms to tops is obviously much higher. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger who's with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. I was hoping, Calvin, you could just talk about your business in Asia. It sounds like, even with the slight deceleration in some of the economies over there, your numbers have been absolutely fantastic. Is the -- I heard you talk about the strength in digital, but it sounds like the stores are equally good. So I'm just wondering if you can talk to us about -- if you've seen any sort of change in trend there. And perhaps, you're just so early growth stage that you can sort of -- you're outgrowing what appears to be a very slight slowdown there. 
 And then PJ, can you just remind us what your current exposure to China sourcing is and how we should think about the leverage or not to tariffs, given the risk that we could see them move higher? Any quantification you can give us on that side would be helpful. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Kimberly. In terms of our APAC business in particular, I'll start off with our international business overall remained very, very strong in Q2 after a very strong quarter 1 and remains that leading into Q3. As you know, Stuart was put into the role working with both the existing leadership of Ken and Gareth to really continue to put the focus on that business. And early -- but we're seeing great success of the strength of that leadership team coming together, shared learnings and working with Celeste and her team to really bring key learnings across the globe and driving the business.
 Within APAC, it's a balance across both stores as well as e-commerce, and that's what's so exciting. We opened up 8 stores in APAC in Q1, another one in Q2 and plan to continue a very aggressive back half. We opened the year with 15 in China. We plan to end the year 25 to 30 stores. So we're excited about the balance. Guests are responding to both the vision of the Sweatlife and the product. And yes, it's early for us in the -- in our growth journey, but I think it's the strength of the product and the community model that is resonating in that market. That's also helping to fuel our business through these quarters. So it's exciting to see. 
Patrick Guido: And Kimberly, this is PJ. To answer your question on China tariffs. So just as a reminder, our direct exposure to China is relatively small, with approximately 6% of our finished goods in scope for U.S. tariffs. That percentage is down considerably, given how we have diversified our vendor base. We've never had more flexibility than we do today in our supply chain. So going forward, we do not expect it to be a big impact to the business.
 In terms of quantifying it, I'll just reiterate that we guided on the last call we expected a $0.04 to $0.05 impact in the back half year weighted towards Q3. We did incur $0.01 of that in Q2. We do see an additional $0.04 in the back half, but more equally weighted given the delay in the tariffs. But it's a situation. We constantly monitor it. We have airfreight in as a hedge to ensure that we deliver for our guests. But again, this is an issue that we feel is highly manageable for us. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow who's with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Calvin, one for you on loyalty. So you're expanding out to Chicago. I know you can't give us too much detail, but I guess my 2 quick questions would be could you name maybe the most interesting or exciting thing that you've learned thus far in the small test? And then if things continue to progress in the right direction to you, when's a reasonable timeline that this could actually go across the U.S. or across North America? 
 And then a quick one for PJ. Just on the supply chain deleverage and on the gross margin. I know you have the new DC in Toronto, and I think that recently opened. How should we think about deleverage on supply chain in the back half? And when does that headwind maybe start to flatten out? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Ike. Two great questions. On the first, what's been, quite honestly, a lot of fun in the learnings from the test markets are there are a number of aspects of how the guest is interacting with the program that we're really excited to see. The 2 that come to mind that probably we didn't anticipate to be as strong in the test markets, and that are -- that is, one, the percentage of new guests to lululemon that we're first seeing through the membership program. And the second is the penetration of men's in the program. 
 So we kind of went in expecting, in a pilot, in these contained markets, that it would definitely appeal to our high-value guest, which it has, but to see it be another acquisition to acquire new as well as an acquisition for men's was not something we initially had anticipated and has been really encouraging among many other aspects. 
 As you mentioned, we launched in Chicago. We're excited to be in that market. And we're going to continue to test and learn and roll out. We're going to expand more in 2020, and then really hit our stride probably in '21. We'll share more as we confirm our rollout plans. But it's early, but very positive, and we are continuing and will continue to expand to more markets. And '20 will be bigger than '19 as will '21. 
Patrick Guido: And Ike, it's PJ. To answer your question about the supply chain and the gross margin impact. So yes, the startup in the Toronto DC has had an impact and has caused some modest deleverage. That's due to the fact that, yes, it's ramping up, and we're incurring some costs and some growing pains there. We expect, again, a modest impact associated with that as the facility scales, but it should -- we expect it to leverage thereafter. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan who's with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Let me add my congratulations. You provided some very helpful commentary and guidance on international profitability at the Investor Day. I'm just wondering, given the top line strength, how international profitability has trended relative to your expectations so far this year? And then I just have one quick follow-up on Europe. 
Patrick Guido: So with regards to international profitability, again, we're pleased with the progress we're making in all of our regions. We are profitable from an international standpoint. So last year, we did generate profit, and our China business is profitable, our Asia business is profitable. And our Europe business, which is still generating a modest loss, is quickly marching towards profitability. So we're on plan there, and we do expect to continue to scale and achieve profitability improvement in line with how we guided at Analyst Day. 
John Kernan: Got it. And then just on Europe. I think up 35% in the quarter. You talked about some brand activations like the Sweatlife Festival. Just any more comments on how Europe is scaling. Seems like you're more -- it seems like you're a little bit more excited about the region right now, and certainly, some of the growth backs that up. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. I was just with Gareth and team a few weeks ago. And I would say across the management team, we're quite excited about the success of our business in Europe and what the team is executing and how the guest is responding there. We've been longest in London, and we're seeing a real healthy business driven out of that. But at the same point, the other countries we've expanded to are resonating. 
 In Q2, we launched sites in Germany and France, in local language. And the guests are responding well to that continued to open doors. We opened our first full line in Paris in August. And as PJ indicated, we are very close to the profitability mark. And the team is doing a wonderful job in recruiting guests, building that business. And it's going to be a region that plays a big part in our international expansion and the commitment and the goal around the power of 3 of how we're going to quadruple it. And we're seeing some of that success to date. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti who's with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Let me add my congrats on a great quarter. Just one, I guess, fairly specific question on the margin. With the brick-and-mortar comp up 10%, obviously, very strong by any compare. I guess I'm curious about the deleverage on the occupancy line. I know there's some lease accounting noise in there, and then you mentioned the international mix and probably some double rent during relocations.
 But I'm curious if you could help us just look ahead a little bit on the underlying dynamics there. What is the underlying leverage point on that line as we think ahead to things like accounting rolling off next year? And then I have a follow-up. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. I think what we pointed out in the past is that occupancy is going to be a headwind going forward as we open new stores, particularly internationally. But we've also incurred cost associated with building out our distribution network. 
 So going forward, there is a headwind there, but we expect to scale and leverage that over time as stores ramp up, as DCs ramp-up. The real story in the gross margin is that product margin has remained strong and will continue to be the driving force behind gross margin. But we do see occupancy and depreciation in the gross margin line as [indiscernible]. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. Fair enough. And then, I guess with the comments on international and some of the color you gave around profitability, but at different markets. I think the longer-term plan, along with quadrupling the revenues there, was to go from, I think, pretty close to breakeven margins in total last year, slightly positive to, I think, 10% to 15% over 5 years. 
 A big move, obviously, but I guess, would you help us think ahead a little bit on how you see the inflection in the overall margin for international? Maybe where it's coming, where you see the profitability contributing the most first? And then is the overarching strategy there similar to the corporate strategy where, look, we're going to spend back any upside on the top line to smooth it out? Or is it back half-weighted within the 5-year window, front half-weighted for any reason? 
 Any kind of color you can help us think about because that seems like a big contributor here for the next few years. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So the big driver will be the APAC region, and specifically, China. So as that business continues to ramp up, that will drive a lot of the profitability. Europe will be also a contributor. So I do think we're on track to achieve that profitability that you talked about. 
 And as far as the business model, given the fact that our international businesses are fast-growing businesses, that means you'll -- we will continue to be investing in those businesses as we have outside, similar to what we've done in North America, given we've seen the results for that year. So hopefully that answers your question. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the results. As you think about inventory and inventory growth for the balance of the year, how are you thinking about inventory and air freight, given those expenses that are wrapped in there? And how do you expect air freight expenses to be moving forward? 
 And then Calvin, given the loyalty program and given the events that you're having in the stores, are you seeing the translation of the events leading to loyalty members, new loyalty members? And how is new guest conversion compared to what it had been? 
Patrick Guido: Dana, it's PJ. So to answer your inventory question. So we feel really good about the inventory position, given our momentum. We did expedite some fall merchandise using air freight, and we'll continue to use air freight as a tool or a hedge if we start to see issues in the Southeast Asia region associated with the volatility around tariffs.
 But from a pure inventory standpoint, we are a low seasonal business, and our aged inventory is really low. So we feel really good about how our inventory is positioned, both at the end of the quarter and going forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Dana, I'll just add a few points to your second question. We continue to see very healthy metrics with our loyal or high-value guest in terms of retention and engagement in the brand. Equally, our new guest acquisition remains very strong quarter-to-quarter, and they're a big part of the conversion number that you're seeing and we're celebrating across both store and on e-commerce. 
 And one of the areas of success is in the migration of this new guest into becoming a high-value, where a healthy portion of our growth is coming from that migration. So we're seeing very good, very healthy new guest acquisition numbers. The teams are doing a wonderful job in migrating them up through the percentage of their spend. And then our retention of our high-value guest is very high and very solid and remaining in a very strong, stable growing position. 
 So in general, when I look at the metrics of our guests, they are healthy across all of those 3 very important levers, and we have many initiatives through both our digital and CRM continue to improve and strengthen. And the notion of events and our vision of the Sweatlife just reinforces those. It's either how we acquire new guests as I shared, through membership events is how we equally share and acquire guests through our 10K events in London -- sorry, in Toronto and in Edmonton and in San Diego. These are great acquisitions. And then they're migrating out. So very healthy across the board. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I would now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate the time, and we look forward to speaking with you in a few months when we report our third quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-06-12 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead, sir. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO and EVP International; and PJ Guido, CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investors site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the first quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I will turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter earnings call. As we begin, I would first like to say how much I enjoyed hosting our recent Analyst Day meeting in New York. We are incredibly excited about the growth opportunities we have in front of us, and we look forward to delivering on our 5-year growth plan.
 lululemon had another successful quarter, driven by many strengths in our business across product, channel and geography. Our innovative merchandise assortments and our engagement with guests around the world enables the financial results we're proud to report to you today. 
 On today's call, I'll start by sharing some of our key highlights from quarter 1, including how we're [ leaning ] into our product innovation and omni guest experience growth pillars. Going forward, I will periodically ask a member of our senior leadership to join the call and provide an update on key strategic areas of the business. Today, Stuart Haselden will join us to provide an update on our opportunities in China and other key international markets. As you know, earlier this year, Stuart's responsibilities were expanded to include serving as our EVP of International in addition to his role as Chief Operating Officer. Following the global update, PJ Guido will provide a detailed financial review as well as our guidance outlook. I'll then wrap up a few closing comments, and we'll be happy to take your questions.
 Let's have a look at our first quarter results. We are very pleased to see continued strong momentum in the business. The Power of Three growth plan, which we detailed at Analyst Day, is serving as a driving force to move us forward to achieve our 5-year growth plans. Across the company, teams are executing at extremely high levels. 
 In Q1, our total revenue grew by 20%, constant dollar comps increased 16% on top of a 19% increase last year and earnings per share increased 35%. Our guests responded well to both our men's and women's assortments. They engaged with us across channels as our store and digital businesses were both strong, and our brand continues to resonate well in our core North American market as well as in Europe and APAC. 
 Supporting our growth, we are leveraging the strategic infrastructure investments we're making across the business. Our focus over the last several years to create efficiencies and to further segment our supply chain is paying off and tangibly contributing to our success. As an example, our newest distribution center in Toronto opened on schedule in May and enables us to deliver product more effectively and efficiently in Eastern Canada. 
 As you know, the growth plans we discussed during Analyst Day are long term in nature, and the financial targets we provided are annual. I'm pleased 2019 is off to such a strong start, and we're beginning to live into our 5-year vision.
 I'd now like to speak specifically about the Power of Three growth pillars: product innovation, omni guest experience and market expansion. As you recall, our 5-year vision details our path to double our men's business, double our digital business and quadruple our international business during this time. Let me now provide some highlights from quarter 1 for these drivers. 
 When looking at our product innovation pillar, over the next 5 years, we expect annual growth in our core women's business to be in the low double digits, while men's is planned to grow at 20% per year. In quarter 1, we continued to see robust performance in our women's business with particular strength in bottoms. This category remains one of our strongest with comps up over 19%, driven by both leggings and jogger styles. Within the men's business, comps grew 26% with ongoing strength in both tops and bottoms. The business was led by our ABC franchise and 3 core short styles: T.H.E. Short, Pace Breaker and Surge. Guests are responding well to our new boxers designed to address all 3 elements of the science of feel, touch, temperature and movement. Looking forward, I'm excited with the innovation we intend to bring into our assortments for both men and women. 
 Just to preview some of the upcoming highlights for men, we plan to launch a new and improved Metal Vent Tech collection. And for women, we plan to further expand our technical bra offering with 2 high support styles in the coming months. 
 The final component of our product innovation plan is to test into new categories. The main driver continues to be our core categories across both men's and women's. However, we've identified several areas of whitespace where we can test the waters and bring innovation to our guests. One example of this is Selfcare, which we will roll out to 50 stores and online next week. 
 Shifting now to omni guest experience. We had strong results across our channels with our store comps increasing 8% on top of 6% increase last year. Our digital business grew 35%, which represents a more than doubling of the business over the last 2 years. Increased traffic in quarter 1 is driving our comps both in-store and online with increases of 8% and 41%, respectively.
 We're excited about our vision to be the experiential brand that ignites a community of people living the Sweatlife. Next month, you'll see our first truly experiential store when we open Lincoln Park in Chicago. This 20,000-square-foot store captures who we are as a brand as it will embody the Sweatlife through multiple studios, a meditation space, a healthy juice and food offering and areas for community gatherings. This distinct environment will provide us additional opportunities to explore and learn as we connect with our guests in a range of new and exciting ways. We also continue to test our membership program, and in May, we expanded to our third pilot city in Austin, Texas. We are very encouraged by the results, and each city in our test has brought new learnings and innovations as we look to scale the program.
 Looking now at our digital business. We further expanded our online-only size and color offerings for both men and women. We expanded our buy online, pick up in-store capability from 35 stores to 150 in quarter 1 with 80% of the orders ready for guest pickup in 1 hour. We remain on track for a full rollout by the end of quarter 3. We also significantly improved our mobile point-of-sale capabilities so educators can complete our guest purchases from anywhere in the store. Our strength and unique position is to activate great product across our omni guest experiences, leveraging our stores, community and events. Run is a key strategy for us and a great representation of how we will activate across our entire business to deliver an exceptional guest experience.
 In addition to our strong and light bra franchise, we rolled out the Fast & Free run-oriented collection for men. We highlighted the strength of our technical apparel with our global run campaign featuring our first global run ambassador, Charlie Dark. Our run-focused activations during the quarter included a presence at the Boston, Los Angeles and London marathons, and just last week, we celebrated Global Running Day by rallying our community to participate with their local run clubs or to join our 5K challenge on Strava.
 In the coming weeks, you'll see us sponsor our 10K runs in Toronto and Edmonton as we've done the last several years, and we plan to add more events going forward. Run is an important category for us with significant potential, and we see opportunities to expand our share of wallet with current and future guests. 
 Shifting gears now to our markets. Let me share some highlights regarding performance in our core region of North America and then turn it over to Stuart to discuss growth in our international markets.
 First, our opportunities in North America, our largest region, remain significant. Our innovative merchandise assortment, agile store formats, inspiring brand activations and unique event offerings provide ample ways to engage with existing and new guests. In quarter 1, revenue in North America grew 18% as momentum in this region remains strong. We opened 6 stores in the U.S. and Canada and remain on track to open 15 to 20 in 2019. Our guest stats remain robust with continued growth in new guest acquisition and increased spending across existing guests. Traffic to our stores in North America was strong and grew in the high single-digit range. Last month, Stuart and I had the opportunity to visit our team in China and to see the incredible growth opportunities firsthand. 
 I'll let him share our insights and some of the results this quarter internationally. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. In May, I was able to spend nearly 2 weeks with our team in China. And while we are seeing exciting momentum across all of our international markets, China in particular is on track to post impressive growth this year. 
 In Q1, our China team delivered nearly 70% market growth and entered 3 new cities with strong store openings in Chongqing, Xi'an and Xiamen. And we remain on track to open 10 to 15 stores in China this year. 
 We also continue to invest in our digital capabilities here with the relaunch of our .cn site in Q1 to complement our presence on Tmall and WeChat. And these investments are paying off as we saw our China e-com revenues increase over 100% in Q1. These results also include the great success of our super brand day event with Tmall in April. As part of this event, we invited 400 guests to join us at the InterContinental Shanghai Wonderland for sweat sessions, meditation classes and also a function show. The event garnered significant attention from the media and on social channels, and it was a great way for us to connect with both new and existing guests. All of this contributed to a strong performance for our Asia Pacific region overall in Q1 with revenues for the region increasing approximately 40%. Other highlights include the launch of our .jp and .kl websites, both of which are seeing strong starts.
 Turning now to Europe. We posted strong double-digit comps across all channels driven by ongoing robust traffic increases. These results helped us deliver over 40% market growth in Q1 across Europe. We're pleased to see our business gaining momentum as our community and brand-building efforts accelerate. 
 We also opened a great new store in Amsterdam. At the grand opening, which I was able to attend in March, it was exciting to see firsthand the energy that our team in Europe is creating, which is reflected in the strong results we are now experiencing. And we remain on track to open 5 to 10 new stores this year across Europe. 
 Overall, our international growth remains strong and accounts for an increasing portion of our total company growth. 
 And finally, I'd like to offer my gratitude to our teams around the world. It's only with their great work that any of this is possible. And now I'll pass it to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Stuart. Before I provide highlights on Q1 and our guidance outlook, I will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our Investors site for additional details. 
 For Q1, total net revenue rose 20% to $782 million, driven by strong execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered an 8% constant dollar comp store sales increase on top of a 6% increase in Q1 of last year. Square footage increased 15% versus last year, driven by the addition of 44 net new lululemon stores since Q1 of 2018. During the quarter, we opened 15 new stores.
 In our digital channel, we posted a 35% constant dollar comp increase on top of a very strong 60% increase last year. For the quarter, e-com contributed approximately $210 million of top line, reaching nearly 27% of total revenue. And I'd add that the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenue by $12.5 million in the quarter. 
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $421.7 million or 53.9% of net revenue compared to 53.1% of net revenue in Q1 2018. The gross profit rate in Q1 increased 80 basis points versus gross margin last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 190 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns. We are pleased with the product margin strength we continue to realize on top of the strong gains over the last several years. This increase was partially offset by a 60 basis point increase in product and supply team costs driven by ongoing investment in product development and supply chain and an increase in occupancy and depreciation expense of 20 basis points. We also saw 30 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. 
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expenses were $293 million or 37.4% of net revenue compared to 37% of net revenue for the same period last year. In Q1, we continued to use the strength in the business to invest in strategic priorities, brand awareness and initiatives that fuel current and long-term growth. This includes digital, loyalty and Selfcare. Foreign exchange, both revaluation and translation, leveraged by 30 basis points in Q1. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $129 million or 16.5% of net revenue compared to 16.1% of net revenue in Q1 2018. Tax expense for the quarter was $34.6 million or 26.4% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.9% a year ago. The decrease in our effective tax rate relative to our guidance reflects the impact of higher tax deductions related to stock-based compensation. These deductions benefited EPS in Q1 by approximately $0.02. We still expect our tax rate for 2019 to be approximately 28%. Net income for the quarter was $96.6 million or $0.74 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.55 for the first quarter of 2018. Capital expenditures were approximately $68 million for the quarter compared to approximately $34 million in the first quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to store capital for new locations, relocations and renovations and IT and supply chain investment. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $576 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 19% and was $443 million at the end of Q1. I'd also note that pursuant to the new lease accounting standard, ASC 842, we added a lease-related asset of $627 million and lease-related liabilities totaling $665 million to our balance sheet. This new accounting standard has no impact on our income statement or cash flows. We repurchased 1 million shares during the quarter at a cost of $163.5 million. Coming into 2019, our Board authorized a new $500 million share repurchase plan, of which approximately $337 million of authorization remains. We believe that repurchasing our shares is an efficient and effective way to return excess cash to shareholders, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with our repurchase activity.
 Turning now to our outlook. For Q2, we expect revenues to be in the range of $825 million to $835 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2018. This also assumes 5 new store openings in the quarter. 
 We expect gross margin to be flat to up modestly versus Q2 of last year. Our guidance reflects a modest impact from potential new tariffs and also additional costs to airfreight product in order to avoid anticipated port congestion in the Asia region due to the pending tariff increases. The negative impact of these costs will be approximately 20 to 25 basis points within gross margin and approximately $0.04 to $0.05 on EPS for the full year 2019. Most of the impact would come in the back half of the year with the majority in Q3. I should note that roughly $0.02 to $0.03 of this impact would be incurred regardless of whether new tariffs are imposed. We are committing to higher airfreight usage as a hedge against disruption in ocean shipping lanes as we approach the key dates related to tariff increases. This will ensure delivery of new product for our guests on time. 
 We expect the SG&A rate in Q2 to be flat as we continue to invest in growth drivers for our business that fuel top line momentum. We see larger opportunity to leverage SG&A in the back half of the year and we continue to expect modest leverage on the year. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 28% and approximately 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.88 versus EPS of $0.71 a year ago. For the full year 2019, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.73 billion to $3.77 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double digits on a constant-dollar basis. 
 We continue to expect to open approximately 40 to 50 company-operated stores in 2019. This includes 25 to 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage percentage increase in the mid-teens range. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to expand modestly primarily driven by continued product margin improvement. We expect SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly. We expect our fiscal year 2019 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.51 to $4.58. Our EPS guidance is based on 131 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. This range takes into account approximately $0.04 to $0.05 of additional costs within gross margin related to the tariffs and airfreight that I mentioned earlier.
 We expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 28% in 2019. We assume the Canadian dollar at $0.75 to the U.S. dollar for 2019 as well as Q2. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $265 million to $275 million for the fiscal year 2019. This increase versus 2018 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, new store openings, technology investments and other corporate infrastructure projects.
 In closing, we remain excited with the momentum we're seeing in the business as our teams are executing our Power of Three strategic plan. 
 And now back to Calvin for some closing remarks. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, PJ. While it's been reported there is some recent softening in the apparel space, there is no doubt that 2019 is off to a great start for us. We are building upon momentum of the past year and instilling confidence in our long-term growth plans. With each new market and innovation, we are inspired by the way in which our guests, both existing and new to the brand, are responding to lululemon. 
 Our vision to ignite a community of people to live the Sweatlife is resonating strongly with guests and provides many growth opportunities for us ahead. We remain laser focused on leveraging our strengths and creating opportunities to ensure lululemon continues to rise above the near-term challenges being faced by others. 
 I'd like to thank our teams around the world for the passion and spirit they bring with them to work every day. Their dedication to our guests and energy for our brand makes this level of sustained performance possible. 
 And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 The first question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another great quarter, guys. I guess maybe first, could you elaborate on the current momentum that you're seeing in the business, if you've seen any impact from the recent lateral apparel softness that you mentioned and just how you'd rank back half opportunities maybe by category? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Sure, Matt. In terms of Q2, we remain very happy with the momentum we're seeing in the business, which is reflected in our comp guidance of the plus low double digit, which is on top of a 19% last year. So the business has continued to see very strong trading into the quarter. And that growth is coming across all levers of the Power of Three. 
 In product, our men's business, as we shared, up 33%, continues to be very strong across all categories: tops, boxers and the bottom business. And our women's business equally is showing very solid and very strong growth, in particular, bottoms, driven by leggings and joggers. 
 And we -- with what we're going to be launching in terms of newness, that momentum, we believe, will continue as we continue to feed the core with more innovation and test and learn into new categories and build out the key categories we want to win, being yoga, train and run. 
 So we feel very good about the product launches that are dropping and the momentum and the way the guest is reacting to the product as they see it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Let me add my congrats. I guess I'm going to throw this question to Stuart. It's very compelling stuff you've got on China with the .cn rollout. I guess just over time, Stuart, can you maybe talk about how you see the mix of your digital business in China, the .cn site versus Tmall, and then maybe relative profitability between the 2, if there's any nuances we should keep in mind? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Ike. So the business vision that we have for China is certainly more heavily considered from a digital standpoint than North America. As we've said in some of our prior conversations, we can see the business in China being 50% online. And the structure of the industry in China is also important in creating that environment to make that possible. And when I say that structure, I think part of that is the marketplace structure that we're all aware of with WeChat and Tmall and the dominance that they have in the Chinese market. 
 So we participate in that, but we're very cognizant of how our brand is being introduced and developed. And we take important steps to ensure that we have a very premium positioning for the brand. 
 We see Tmall continuing to be an important part of the overall digital business mix for us. We see our own .cn site and our WeChat site emerging and taking a larger proportion of our digital business in time. We're making investments now to make that possible, and we'll share those details with you as they develop. But the launch of the .cn site or the relaunch, I should say, of the .cn site that we mentioned in the first quarter is an important part of that. 
 And generally, just the expansion of the store footprint will drive brand awareness. We're seeing great traction broadly across China and a lot of signals that are suggesting that our brand is gaining traction. So that will support and fuel traffic in our business across all channels. 
 So I think those are the things I'd point to in terms of just how we're thinking about the digital part of our business there. 
Irwin Boruchow: Can you just elaborate on the margin structure of the .cn versus Tmall over time opportunity? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. For sure. Overall, there is an advantage of -- from a digital versus stores that is directionally consistent with what we see in North America in terms of the bottom line contribution margin for the digital business versus stores. That said, there is incremental costs that we incur to operate on the Tmall platform, but it's still an attractive contribution margin that is still higher than what we see in our store business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons of RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes. Congratulations on the strong results. I guess my question would be the 2019 outlook on gross margin. Just how should we factor in some of these nonmerchandise items? PJ, you did mention the 20, 30 basis points headwind from flying in goods ahead of the port congestion. But can we think about some of these other merchandise items are items such as rent, occupancy and the product and supply chain costs as well? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Kate, this is PJ. So what's driving gross margin going forward, so the biggest driver does remain lower product costs. We did have a pickup in markdown and mix. We do see remaining opportunities in scale segmenting the supply chain, greater efficiency across the distribution network. 
 That said, so there are some pressures, and those pressures are related to DC investments. So we opened Toronto. There were some startup costs there. Our collocated and our international stores carry higher rent, so we'll see a little bit of pressure from -- on occupancy and depreciation. But that, for the quarter, was relatively minimal. 
 And then going forward, we're going to continue to develop product, right, so new categories, bras, outerwear. So we are spending money to continue to build out our product assortment. 
 So again, net-net, we'll see modest expansion, as we've guided to, but there will be a little bit of pressure from those items I just mentioned. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations. Great quarter. Calvin, I was wondering if you can give us an update on the Robert Geller and lab collection. And any learnings thus far for your go-forward strategy? 
 And then, PJ, just to clarify, the comments you made on the tariffs, were those the increase from 10% to 25% on List 3? Or is this predicated on the List 4? And can you give us the amount of sourcing directly out of China at this point? 
Calvin McDonald: Great. I'll kick off and just comment on both Robert Geller and lab. On Robert Geller, we're very pleased with the results of the collaboration. And similar to many of the collaborations we've done, our guests are responding very favorably in general to this newness and an opportunity to either buy into a new category or a unique aesthetic. With Robert Geller, in particular, some of the key learnings was this one showed up very strong from an international perspective, in particular, in our Asia Pacific markets, which is really exciting when we think of the opportunity for these collabs going forward. The marketing buzz through social was significant behind this collaboration, which is exciting as we look for ways to continue to leverage our marketing and create an impact and acquire new guests and raise the awareness of the brand, which then leads to the final learning, which is it responded very well with recruiting new guests into the brand, but equally, our current guests were heavily engaged in the product, which is a great opportunity for us as we look for ways to continue to broaden and increase the share of wallet with our highly loyal and high spenders. So overall, the collaboration performed very well with a lot of key learnings.
 In the lab, those ideas will feed into our lab, of which we shared earlier. We're planning some shop-in-shops in the fall, and we'll continue to expand rollout from there. 
Patrick Guido: And then on the second question about tariffs, I'll point out just a few things. So first, I think it's important to mention that our direct exposure to China is relatively small with 6% of our total finished goods exported for China to the U.S. and [indiscernible] for tariffs. 
 To answer your question, so currently, under the tranche 3 tariffs, only 1% of our finished goods are subject to that. The balance, the additional 5%, would be subject -- that would be part of the tranche 4 tariffs. So that's the direct impact. 
 The better part of the expense is really coming from this indirect exposure we have. We're anticipating port congestion right around the timeframe, starting in that mid- to late July timeframe. And we think it's prudent and important to deliver new product for our guests and protect the sales associated with those goods. So really, the larger airfreight that I mentioned. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious, as you open stores in some of your less mature markets, if you're seeing a lift to your e-com business in that market? And if there's any way for you to quantify that. 
 And then second, what percent of your product sales come from new SKUs? And what was that number in 1Q if you do try to quantify it that way? And I'm curious about what is your philosophy about what that percentage should be over time coming from new SKUs versus existing winners. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. I'll speak to your first question on our less developed markets. What we see in our international regions is consistent with our experience in North America in that as we open new stores, we see our web business, our e-com business, accelerate in and around the trade area where we open those stores. The -- and we -- but we also use our digital business, our e-com business, as a guide to understand where we might open, look to open new stores, where our demand and brand awareness is gaining traction. That is an indicator that factors into how we rate markets and trade areas as potential candidates for new stores. So that experience has proven consistent in our international markets. And we really see a positive, synergistic effect of the footprint, the growing footprint of the store, the store fleet in driving awareness in traffic across both channels. 
Calvin McDonald: And Paul, relative to the second part of your question, the majority of our sales growth is coming from our core products, our core franchises, that we either continue to innovate on or introduce new color pallets, which the guests are responding very favorably to. We do introduce a number of drops on a weekly basis. The guest responds very well to those. We monitor but don't share sort of the makeup as a percentage of sales. But overall, core is driving our business. We take franchises and innovate behind them, and I think we shared Metal Vent that's coming in Q3, tail end of Q2, which is a wonderful innovation on a very powerful, strong franchise. That will continue to drive. And as we test and learn into new categories, as we expand into yoga, train and run and OTC, which are the areas that we mentioned, our focus areas for the merchants and our product team to design into, the growth is coming from core. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad who's with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask about the most recent round of the loyalty launch, what you're learning from that, and I think it's in the third iteration. When do you expect to roll it out more broadly? How are -- what kind of data are you accruing from the program at the local market level? And it's pretty incredible to me the results you're putting up without even really having that data -- customer-level data behind some of the decision making. So intrigued to hear more how big of a lever that can be. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Omar. We did roll out. So we're now testing in Edmonton, in Denver and Austin. And each market, we tweak the program slightly from the product that we make available to the guests to the price point. As you know, we raised the price point in our later tests to see how the guests would respond. We're playing with the events, which are the primary benefit from joining into the membership. And in each market, the results have been well above our expectations going in, very favorable from the guests. And we continue to tweak and learn and do plan to roll into more markets, and we'll have more to announce at a later point in time. But 2020 is a year in which we see expanding into more markets. And we are very excited about the potential of this membership and the platform to drive new guest acquisition, which is what we're seeing with the program, which is super exciting; driving guest loyalty and engagement into the brand, which is what we expected; but also, on the back of having to be a revenue stream for the business in a way in which we can achieve and drive that engagement through that system. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan who's with Cowen. 
John Kernan: I wanted to go back to the buy online, pick up in-store. I think it's scaling from 35 to 150 stores. And it's a full rollout, I think, you said, by the end of the third quarter. What are your learnings from this? And how much of a incremental driver of demand do you think this can be? 
Calvin McDonald: I think -- so you're right. We rolled up to 150 stores, and our plan is to have all stores up and running by end of Q3, which will put us in great standing for the holiday. And I think we'll learn a lot when that happens. As we're rolling out, we're happy with the results. Equally, internally, operationally, 80% of the orders that are placed are ready for pickup within 1 hour, which I think is an important internal metric for us because it just sort of talks to the operational readiness and engagement so that as the demand from the guests accelerates, we're ready to be there to service them. 
 As we roll out to more stores, we're able to position it differently within the website experience and the checkout, making it a lot more known and really start to market it. So early indication is encouraging. We think it's a necessity in leveraging our omni strategy, which is one of our pillars of growth. So we know we need to do it. And I think this fourth quarter, when we're in full rollout and we're marketing it aggressively on our website and in the checkout, that guests really know it's an option across the full fleet, we'll really learn. But I'm encouraged by it, and I think it'll be a wonderful way to continue to drive our traffic into the store, drive that incremental pickup and contribute to the top line. 
John Kernan: Got it. And then just on that topic. Obviously, the Lincoln Park store opening in Chicago, is this a test? Or is this like larger-scale, experiential-type store, something you think that you're considering scaling even greater? 
Calvin McDonald: Well, it's definitely a test. We -- as you know, our vision is to be an experiential brand. And we know we can deliver those experiences both within the store and outside of the store, and we do that very effectively across the fleet today. What Lincoln Park will allow us to do is to bring a lot of those experiences inside the 4 walls into the community on a consistent basis. 
 So it is a test, and we will learn from that and then figure out how, within our flexible fleet that we have today from seasonal stores to small up to our large format, this, we believe, could become just another mix within our portfolio of how we go into a market and deliver our experience to our guests. But it's a test. We're going to learn, and we'll go from there. 
Operator: The next question comes from Camilo Lyon who's with Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: Really good job here. Calvin, I think in your comments about the strength of the women's business, you talked about the bottoms category continuing to be a leading category for you. But what was interesting to us was the mention and callout of joggers. Can you talk about how your female consumer is expanding their aperture with respect to your offering such that you're gaining a larger share of closet? It seems like that is starting to manifest in a way that could serve you well from the perspective of creating a bigger moat around the customer that you've invested in all these years. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure. What I would tell you in terms of the [Audio Gap] of our business, both across men's and women's, but I'll speak specifically to women's, is the number of new guests we're seeing as well as our reactivated guests in addition to a current active guest. So bottoms continues to be the #1 driver of new guest acquisition, and both leggings and joggers are performing incredibly well at achieving that, as well as we dial up our digital marketing initiatives and our e-mail campaigns. We're proving that many of those tactics are proving very effective to reactivate guests into the brand. And then as you've mentioned, to grow that share of wallet, which is equally something that we're focused on and exciting.
 So bottoms really is a very balanced growth across those 3 pillars. When we look to building out our core and filling in the assortment opportunities we have around yoga, train and run as well as OTC, we expect that much of that will drive the share of wallet with our existing guests because what we're doing is truly bringing incremental assortment and choice to her and him, but in this case, to her in the categories in which she sweats today where we don't have product offering, but we know we have an opportunity to deliver it through our unique lens of science of feel.
 So moving forward, we expect to continue to grow that share of wallet and, as you mentioned, depth of wardrobe and see a lot of opportunity to do that by just expanding into the sweat categories we already have a relationship for or with her today. 
Camilo Lyon: Great. And my follow-up question relates to the differences between your existing guests' purchasing behavior and the new guests that you're bringing into the store and into the brand. So is there any color you could provide in terms of this -- the average spend between those 2 cohorts? I think that would be helpful in determining what the opportunity is of taking that new guest up that spend curve and have that person or that guest look like a more mature, higher spending consumer over X amount of time or months or what have you. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We don't share sort of the average spend across our different guests. What I can tell you is, directionally, that our e-mail file growth continues to be very strong as well as our new guest acquisition. And as we're building our CRM capability, our ability to then migrate or trade up those guests into new categories or deeper into the categories they're in is proving to be a very effective way in which we're keeping the guests very engaged and active as well as increasing their share of wallet but equally focused on our high-value guests, which we have incredible loyalty retention numbers within retail. So they're highly engaged. The retention numbers are very high. And getting them to continue to engage in the category and drive growth is proving very [Audio Gap] was a big area of focus for us and something that we're really excited about as we look to yoga, train, run and OTC as categories where we can expand the assortment with that engagement and retention to be able to increase the share of wallet. That whole CRM initiative is a big area, and we're seeing some really good success from it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger who's with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: PJ, I wanted to just follow up on the potential port congestion. I'm wondering what you're hearing from your production department around the risk of port congestion. Is it that ocean cargo capacity is tight right now? Or are there other signals that your production department is seeing that suggests we could see this port congestion either late second quarter, early third quarter? 
 And with regard to your deliveries in particular, it sounds like you've protected all of your deliveries from these potential delays, but I just want to confirm that you don't have any inventory on order that would be at risk of late delivery. 
 And then I wasn't sure if I missed it, but did you offer any color or guidance on the second quarter SG&A? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks, Kimberly. So I'll take those one at a time. So with regards to the airfreight, you're exactly right. We are protecting our fall deliveries, and that's why we're doing it. It's a hedge. So we're eliminating the risk. I mean there's always summers, but we're eliminating most of it by utilizing airfreight and not getting caught up in the congestion, which is we've seen this before due to tariffs, companies trying to get out ahead of it. But there is also a broader issue with carriers consolidating cargo. They refer to it as transshipments. But that's a separate issue that's related more to carriers. But that is an issue we're dealing with as well. So hopefully, that answers your question on port congestion. 
 On SG&A, so we are committed to modest SG&A leverage for the year. We remain focused on that. As we mentioned before, we're using strong performance to invest in current and long-term growth, and we're seeing a result from that. During this quarter, we leaned into digital marketing focused on building brand awareness, driving new guest acquisition. As Calvin talked about, we're expanding our testing of new growth vehicles, loyalty, Selfcare focus. And then we continue to invest in our North American online guest experience and data and analytics to drive conversion.
 So the last few quarters have seen -- we've ramped up our investment. We'll start to see the benefit of those in the back half. And for Q2, we're calling for flat on SG&A. And we see the bigger opportunities in our biggest quarters, Q3, Q4, to add leverage to SG&A. But for now, we're still making investments, and we still feel like that's the right strategy for the business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Nagel who's with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: [indiscernible] on another very nice quarter. I want to dive a little [indiscernible]. If you look at the gross margin trajectory here in Q1, clearly, still very solidly positive year-on-year. But the rate of year-on-year increase has moderated a bit over the past few quarters or so. So my question there is if we can understand better, what's occurred to sort of facilitate that more modest rate or more modest pace of gross margin expansion? How should we think about that line going forward? 
Stuart Haselden: So Brian, it's Stuart. Let me speak to that in terms of the drivers within our supply chain that have delivered the improvement over the last few years and then I think more specifically to your question more recently. So we were able to build the programs that delivered the larger, more step function improvement in '16 and '17. And we've been able to take that forward into '18 and '19. And it's a part of our long-term guidance that PJ outlined at our Analyst Day to deliver modest gross margin improvement over the next few years. 
 There's really 4 things that are driving that: scale, price breaks from volume increases; second thing is segmentation of our supply chain as we are able to drive more of our assortment into the lower-cost segments of our sourcing strategy; the third thing is transparency as we're able to drive greater degree of specific production standards and costing negotiations across a broader part of our assortment; and the fourth thing is the distribution efficiencies that PJ also mentioned. 
 So those 4 things are the drivers of our gross margin improvement. They -- we are lapping some very significant improvements. They will naturally moderate into the future, but we still see significant opportunities over the next several years reflected in our guidance. 
Brian Nagel: That's very helpful. I appreciate it. If I could slip maybe a quick follow-up in. Just with regard to sales, I think -- Calvin, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments, you made reference to some of the soft lines or apparel-type weakness out there. Clearly, that did not occur in the [indiscernible]. But the question I have is as you look closer to your business, whether it be geographically across the country or even month-to-month, week-to-week, did you see any signs at all behind these very, very strong numbers of some stress in that consumer within the category? 
Calvin McDonald: I think when we look at Q1, and as we've shared, the balance across our product categories, both men's and women's, both bottoms and tops, our brand activations, be it some of the tests with membership or the event activity that we were doing, being able to leverage our improved data analytics and digital marketing, I mean, our guest was responding. And as we've shared, store traffic of plus 8% and over 40% in e-commerce is a good, healthy metric of a highly engaged guest. And we did not as we don't typically see in our business significant swings week-to-week or season-to-season or holiday-to-holiday.
 So I would -- through Q1, we were very pleased with the momentum consistent with traffic driving a big piece of that business in both new guests as well as existing guests and balanced across our product range. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on a terrific result. As you look at the comps, beyond the traffic, how are the other components of comp? And how did they compare to last quarter? What are you seeing? And is there any more color on the merchandise margin and the progress there? 
Patrick Guido: So Dana, it's PJ. So with regard to comp drivers, it is predominantly a traffic story. Again, traffic in store is up 8%; online, over 40%. North American conversion online had shown significant improvement due to our ongoing investment there, so we're seeing a result there. As far as AUR, UPT, they have effectively [Audio Gap] we had a relatively stable average order value or basket size. So it's predominantly a traffic story. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I'll now turn the conference back over to Howard Tubin for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate the time, and we look forward to speaking with you in about 3 months when we report our second quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-03-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Inc. Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica Inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO; and PJ Guido CFO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report in Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website, www.lululemon.com. Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investors site, where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone, to the fourth quarter earnings call. It was another successful quarter for lululemon as the momentum in our business remains strong. In fact, these results cap off one of the strongest years ever for the company. The leadership team is focused on leveraging the significant opportunities in front of us, both over the course of 2019 and in the coming years. And before going any further, I want to take a moment to express our sincere gratitude to our teams around the world. It is our educators, our store teams and our local brand and community partners around the globe who create that special connection with our guests day in and day out.
 Turning to our fourth quarter results. We are pleased with how the organization executed exceptionally well over the holiday season. Our preparation and planning allowed us to deliver another quarter of robust performance. And looking at the full year, the results were equally impressive. Our 2018 results demonstrate the strength of lululemon today as we enter the next phase of our growth. Our compelling product assortment, retail experience and community-based brand activations continue to resonate strongly with our guests. Our strategic investments in the business to support our digital expansion and supply chain improvements delivered impressively on both our top and bottom line. All of this, combined with our significant growth outside North America, allowed us to achieve a high level of results for our employees and shareholders.
 Looking now at 2019. We are focused on building upon our momentum as we pursue many opportunities on the near-term horizon. Starting with product, we will continue to deliver the newest technical product innovations that lululemon has built upon. We will leverage our strength and success in our core categories, while we also continue to expand and test into new areas where we see category expansion opportunities. In women's, we will expand many high-performing product categories that have driven considerable success including: office travel commute, outerwear and our bra assortment. And of course, we'll continue to innovate and be an industry leader in yoga.
 Men's is one of our largest and most exciting areas of future growth, both for our current and new guests going forward. We recently launched 2 styles of boxers. And this spring, we'll expand our Fast & Free franchise into men's as we further leverage Nulux to offer men a new solution for warm weather runs. And we remain excited about the Selfcare, given the strong guest response to our tests. We believe this category holds great opportunity for us and is a natural extension for our brand. We continue to attract and acquire new guests while building greater share of wallet with our highly engaged existing guests. And we see many ways to create unique experiences for all of our guests to help them achieve their goals of living the Sweatlife. 
 Our bottoms category continues to perform exceedingly well and has proven to be a strong acquisition point into our brand for both women and men. Our upcoming run campaign builds nicely upon the strength of our brand activations in the past year, and will enable us to develop deeper relationships with existing guests to expand this important category. And we continue to be excited by the potential that our loyalty program holds for our brand. Our first members-only event in Edmonton was a huge success, and we are thrilled with the overall response of the program in this market. We also recently launched the membership test in Denver and we'll extend the test to an additional city in the United States in the coming months.
 When looking at our digital ecosystem, we are still in the early stages of our development with so much potential ahead. We've just begun speaking to our guest in a more personalized way, but we are ready to accelerate our capabilities in this area in the coming quarters. We also have additional opportunities to improve the experience our guests have by continuing to enhance our search, navigation and checkout functionality. And we can also improve the way we use our sites for our brand storytelling to drive guest engagement.
 Internationally, we are particularly excited to be able to expand our digital reach this year as we launch local market sites in Japan, France and Germany. In addition to our digital growth opportunities, we will continue to strategically expand our store fleet in square footage as we open more stores in new and existing markets, continue the co-located remodel program, build upon the success of our seasonal store strategy and also test some exciting new store formats that create unique experiences for our guests.
 Finally, we see significant potential for our brand outside of North America, and we will continue to build upon our recent momentum. China is an area of focus and significant opportunity for us. We are seeing strong success across this market and are pleased to see more and more people living the Sweatlife and engaging with our brand. We will accelerate the pace of new store openings and continue to connect with our guests through local community events and brand activations.
 We will also build upon the strength in our digital channel as we see a pathway for this segment to represent 50% of our business in the years to come. In Europe, we will leverage the city-by-city expansion strategy as we add new markets, such as opening our first store in Amsterdam 2 weeks ago. We look forward to sharing more of our international strategy during our Analyst Day next month, which I will describe in just a moment.
 These are just some of the many areas where we see growth opportunities in the year ahead and beyond. To deliver on these strategies, I'm excited to share that we recently expanded the responsibilities for members of our senior team. The evolved structure builds upon the successful track record of our existing leaders and creates an organization designed for speed, product and category development while focused on guest innovation and global scale. Key elements of our new structure include: Stuart Haselden will now oversee our international business in addition to continuing to serve as our Chief Operating Officer; Celeste Burgoyne will now drive global guest innovation for lululemon while also leading an expanded Americas organization that brings together all of our in-store community and omni-experiences; Sun Choe continues to serve as our Chief Product Officer. And several other senior leaders, including Tom Waller, our Head of Whitespace; and PJ Guido, our Chief Financial Officer, will report to me. 
 In addition, we're creating a new role and function to support and enhance our brand positioning around the world. We've begun an external search for a Chief Brand Officer to lead several areas, including branding, events, partnerships, social impact and sustainability. All of us on the leadership team are energized about our performance in 2018, the opportunities ahead and our outlook for the next 5 years. The team has executed extremely well on our 2020 plan, achieving several milestones ahead of schedule. It's now an ideal time to outline our vision and growth plans for the next 5 years. To provide further insights, we look forward to hosting an Analyst Day in New York next month, where we will talk further about our plans and ambitions. In closing, I'm proud to say that we entered 2019 with great momentum and an energized team ready to begin this exciting next chapter in the lululemon growth story. 
 And with that, I'll hand it over to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. Let me also congratulate our store teams as well as our SSC, GEC and DC teams around the world for enabling the strong results we're reporting today. Without their passion and enthusiasm, none of this will be possible.
 In Q4, strong guest response for our holiday merchandise assortment, coupled with our ability to leverage the strategic investments we've been making in the businesses, drove another strong result. The trends we've seen all year in traffic, guest engagement and product margin continued and contributed to our nearly 40% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. I'm also proud to report that we achieved 3 of our 2020 financial targets in 2018, 2 years ahead of schedule. We reported an operating margin of 21.5%, a gross margin of just over 55% and our e-commerce penetration reached 26%. These levels are all at or above the targets we set for 2020 and were made possible by our investments over the last 3 years in supply chain, technology and innovation. 
 2018 has clearly been an inflection point for our business in both top and bottom line, and we continue to see clear opportunities to expand on this story by building stronger systems and platforms in supply chain, IT infrastructure, omni capabilities, digital commerce and product development capabilities. This sets us on a new course for 2019 and beyond that we are all excited for.
 I'll now offer some details on our Q4 performance. Comps increased a better-than-expected 17% as our traffic remained strong in the quarter. Gross margin expanded 110 basis points, partially offset by planned increases in SG&A as we continued to lean into growth-driving investments in Q4. These investments included omnichannel and digital capabilities to position us well for 2019 and drive our future growth. Operating margin grew 60 basis points versus adjusted operating margin last year and reached 28.4%. In addition, our guest engagement remained high as we continued to drive strong results in both new guest acquisition and our e-mail list, with increases of nearly 30% and 70%, respectively. What's equally exciting are the increases we're also seeing from our existing guests. In Q4, we experienced a 40% increase in transactions by repeat guests.
 Let me now turn to some highlights on the quarter. Product remains a foundation from which our success is built, and our offering in Q4 continued to be a standout. We saw ongoing strength in both men's and women's bottoms, which comped up 28% and 21%, respectively. Our expanded outerwear offering also performed well with strong guest demand for our new cold weather styles. We also had success in our collaboration with SoulCycle in January. I'm particularly pleased with the strength here as it helped us drive full price sales in a month that is generally thought to be used for clearance at most other retailers.
 Shifting gears to digital. Traffic to our sites grew over 30% in Q4, while conversion increased in the low single-digit range. We partnered with Strava as we leveraged our online and physical ecosystems with the third annual 40/80 Challenge. This year, we had over 200,000 runners join, representing a 90% increase versus last year. This was the largest run event by a brand ever hosted on Strava, and we're excited that with nearly 100,000 members, we are the largest run community on the app.
 Finally, our international business also saw strong performance in Q4. Market growth in Asia was over 70% and Europe grew nearly 60%. In China, e-commerce continues to be particularly robust, generating an increase of over 140% in Q4 and over 150% for the full year. I'm also excited to report that we opened our first stores in Osaka and Macao during Q4 and also opened our first-ever airport location in Hong Kong, all delivering strong results as we extend our brand awareness in these regions. And in Europe, we opened an exciting new store in the Mitte district of Berlin, and as Calvin mentioned, we recently opened our first store in Amsterdam. We're excited to see accelerating trends now in Europe as our brand awareness levels continue to increase.
 Normally, I'd now share with you our opportunities and initiatives within infrastructure, technology and supply chain. However, I'm going to save that discussion for our Analyst Day. What I would like to express to our investors is the excitement and enthusiasm I have for my new challenge of leading the international business. As Calvin detailed for you earlier, I'll continue as COO but will now bring my lens of operational excellence to our businesses in Asia Pacific and Europe. I've been working closely with the leaders in these regions for the last few years, and I look forward to helping them grow their businesses and achieve the full potential of the lululemon brand outside of North America. 
 Let me now hand it over to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Stuart. Our momentum continued in Q4, and we finished up the year delivering very strong financial performance. Before I provide highlights on Q4 and our guidance outlook, I will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our investor site for additional details. I'd also note that 2018 was a 53-week year for us.
 For Q4, total net revenue rose 26% to $1.17 billion, driven by strong execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 7% constant dollar comp store sales increase on top of a 1% increase in Q4 last year. 
 Square footage increased 13% versus last year, driven by the addition of 36 net new lululemon stores since Q4 of 2017. During the quarter, we opened 14 net new stores and completed 9 co-located remodels. 
 In our digital channel, we saw the strongest traffic over the year, which resulted in a 39% constant dollar comp increase on top of a very strong 42% increase last year. For the quarter, e-comm contributed $344 million of top line, reaching close to 30% of total revenue. For the full year, as Stuart mentioned, e-comm penetration was 26%. And I'd add that the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $14.7 million in the quarter.
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $668.6 million or 57.3% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 56.2% of net revenue in Q4 2017. The gross profit rate in Q4 increased 110 basis points versus adjusted gross margin last year and was driven primarily by the following: a 170 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns. We are pleased with the product margin strength we continue to realize on top of the strong gains over the last several years.
 We leveraged occupancy and depreciation expense by 20 basis points, while product and supply chain costs increased by 50 basis points given investment in supply chain and product development. We also saw 30 basis points of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.
 Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were $337.2 million or 28.9% of net revenue compared to 28.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. In Q4, we continued to use the strength in our business to invest in strategies and initiatives that fuel current and long-term growth. These investments included digital marketing and seasonal store openings to drive guest acquisition and build brand awareness as well as expanded testing for longer-term growth initiatives, including loyalty and Selfcare. 
 Foreign exchange, both revaluation and translation, leveraged by 70 basis points in Q4. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $331 million or 28.4% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 27.8% of net revenue in Q4 2017.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $115.8 million or 34.6% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 53.5% a year ago. As we finalized our prior year state tax returns and interpreted ongoing guidance, we incurred an incremental tax expense of $2.3 million or $0.02 per share related to the onetime transition tax that was enacted as part of U.S. Tax Reform. We also incurred a tax expense of $23.7 million or $0.18 per share related to the repatriation of $780 million of cash from our Canadian subsidiary to our U.S. parent. Excluding these charges, the adjusted effective tax rate for Q4 was 26.9% compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 30.6% in Q4 last year. 
 The decrease in our adjusted effective tax rate relative to our prior guidance relates primarily to a change in recent tax legislation that will allow us to benefit from certain foreign tax credits that were previously not available to us. This change contributed to the reduction in our adjusted effective tax rate for 2018 to 28% and benefited EPS in Q4 by approximately $0.07. We expect our tax rate for 2019 to remain at approximately 28%.
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $218 million or $1.65 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.88 for the first -- fourth quarter of 2017. Excluding discrete tax items and ivivva restructuring costs, adjusted EPS in Q4 2018 was $1.85 versus adjusted EPS of $1.33 in Q4 of 2017.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $69 million for the quarter compared to approximately $51 million in the fourth quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to store capital for both new locations and renovations and IT and supply chain investment.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $881 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 23% and was $405 million at the end of Q4. We repurchased 1.5 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $121. This repurchase activity substantially completed our $600 million authorization put in place earlier in 2018. Coming into 2019, our board has authorized a new $500 million share repurchase plan. We believe that repurchasing our shares is an efficient and effective way to return excess cash to shareholders, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with our repurchase activity.
 Turning now to our outlook. For Q1, we expect revenues to be in the range of $740 million to $750 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2018. This also assumes 12 new store openings in the quarter. We expect gross margin to expand modestly versus Q1 of last year. Although we are anniversary-ing strong increases in product margin, we are still focused on further gross margin expansion through incremental reduction in average unit cost driven by ongoing supply chain initiatives and scale efficiencies. 
 We expect the SG&A rate in Q1 to be flat to up modestly as we continue to invest in growth drivers for our business that fuel top line momentum. Assuming a tax rate of 28% and approximately 132 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.70 versus EPS of $0.55 a year ago.
 For the full year 2019, we expect revenue to be in the range of $3.7 million to $3.74 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double digits on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to open approximately 40 to 50 company-operated stores in 2019. This includes 25 to 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the mid-teens range.
 We expect gross margin for the year to expand modestly, primarily driven by continued product margin improvement and leverage on occupancy and other fixed costs. We expect SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly. We expect our fiscal year 2019 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.48 to $4.55. Our EPS guidance is based on 132 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. We expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 28% in 2019. 
 We have assumed the Canadian dollar at $0.75 to the U.S. dollar for 2019 as well as Q1. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $265 million to $275 million for the fiscal year 2019. The increase versus 2018 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, new store openings, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects. In closing, we remain excited with the momentum we're seeing in the business as we enter 2019, and I look forward to seeing many of you in New York at our Analyst Day.
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Steven Zaccone: This is Steve Zaccone on for Matt. First question, just on product. You've seen amazing strength in the bottoms business in 2018. Do you think that category can continue to be a significant driver of growth in 2019 or do you see some other focus areas for product growth in 2019? Then just secondly, on SG&A, to understand the cadence there in the first quarter and then versus the full year guide, but how should we think about the second quarter through the fourth quarter just on the leverage line? 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the question on product, and then PJ will take your question on SG&A. We see a wonderful path forward for our product both in our core as well as our ability to continue to expand the categories that we're offering our guests. Our bottoms business not only is our #1 category for acquiring new guests, which are continuing to help drive and fuel that, but it's also an area in which we continue to innovate both across men's and women's. So we remain very encouraged with the continual performance of the business in 2018 and moving into 2019. As well as our ability to expand upon categories across all of our guests, existing and new, and that being to OTC, outerwear, bras, and into men's and the other categories, Selfcare and Run, just to name a few that I mentioned. So I'm very encouraged with how our categories are performing as well as into 2019 both on innovation and newness. 
Patrick Guido: And Steve, so on the SG&A question, so just to start. We've committed to and delivered SG&A leverage for the year. And improving profitability is part of our ongoing objective, and that's reflected in our guidance. That said, we've been using good performance during the course of the year to find pockets to invest in long-term sustainable growth, and it's working. We're seeing results there. Specifically, during the quarter, we invested more in digital marketing that was focused more on guest acquisition. And as mentioned earlier, we saw our new guest acquisition up 30% for the quarter. We also expanded our testing in new growth vehicles such as loyalty and Selfcare, and we also continue to operate a higher level of seasonal stores, which is a great way to also acquire new guests and build brand awareness. It's also a low-risk way to test markets for the eventual potential conversion to a full-on store, and we've done several of those as well. So if not for these discretionary strategic investments, we would have seen SG&A flat or even leveraging. 
Operator: Our next question is from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: My question is on what the biggest drivers are of your confidence in that double-digit comp guide for 2019. You went into some color in response to the last question on some of the categories that are expected to drive that growth. I wonder if you could share some thoughts on how the growth is expected to split between stores and e-commerce or anything you can share on ticket and traffic or any other drivers of the confidence there. 
Patrick Guido: Alex, it's PJ. I'll start off just with traffic has been the key driver throughout 2018, and we expect that momentum has carried over. It always starts with great product and assortment as mentioned. But then we support and fuel that with physical engagement with our guests -- through our guest educators, through community events, our network of over 2,000 ambassadors. Then there's the online dialogue, where we drive traffic both online and in-store through our digital marketing programs, and I think e-mail is a great example of that. We saw higher traffic in Q4 -- higher traffic in Q4 than in any other point in the year, and as I mentioned, we see that carrying over into 2019. Online traffic, also a key driver of e-comm performance was the big component. But we've also seen big gains in conversion as a result of continuing enhancements to our website, which we'll continue to make. So then coming into 2019, we'll continue to fuel traffic, but we'll also invest to improve conversion both online and in-store. 
Alexandra Walvis: Great. And you mentioned in your comments that you were excited about Selfcare following some of the tests in that category. Anything you can share with us for what's next there? 
Calvin McDonald: Other than that, we were happy with the test results, and we're excited to share more on our plans around Selfcare as well as some additional categories on our Analyst Day with you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Following up on the seasonal stores. I'm just wondering, you launched -- you opened 2x the amount this year versus last year. I was wondering if you can give us any insight into the range of outcomes that you experienced and maybe the surprises that you had versus maybe in terms of positive surprises or negative surprises from opening that many stores. I'm just trying to get a little bit more color as you advance down that channel. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Matt, it's PJ. Well, I mean, the positive surprise is obviously the new guest acquisition that we're able to measure, and so we're really excited about seeing that. The other positive surprise, again, I mentioned seasonal stores are a great way to gauge a market. And we actually converted 8 of those -- or we'll be converting 8 of those to full-on stores in 2019. So those are the positives. Not a whole lot of negatives there. It's a low-risk way to build your brand, to build new guests. And we really like that as a strategy. 
Matthew McClintock: Okay. And then staying with marketing, you signed Nick Foles during the quarter, and I was wondering if you could talk to that. Or maybe this is a topic for the Investor Day, I apologize. But it would seem like there's a little bit of shift in terms of the marketing or signing or finding brand ambassadors towards maybe more higher-profile people. Could you maybe talk to that a little bit? Is there a bigger budget for that now? Or how should we think about that from the outside? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. Yes, we're excited with the signing of Nick into the elite ambassador family here at lululemon. But I would indicate that it's not a new strategy for us. He's definitely a very high-profile athlete. But we're excited to have him. I think when we look at our ambassador community of 2,000-plus strong and our global and elite ambassadors, it is an area that we're excited to continue to expand. We do not pay typical endorsement fees. We really look to partner with athletes that have an alignment on values. The athletes are authentic that they love the brand. And collectively, we come together excited about the partnership and the potential impact that we can both have in the community and with our guests living the Sweatlife. And with Nick, he's a wonderful ambassador and representative of those things, so we're excited. And it is an area that we think we can continue to expand on and we'll share more on the Analyst Day. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I want to focus on international profitability. I don't know if this is for Stuart or PJ. But maybe you can you let us know where international profitability kind of landed at the end of this year. Any surprises, good or bad, on where you're scaling, both in Asia and in Europe? And then the kind of expectations maybe that's embedded in your guidance for the next 12 months on international margins. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Ike, it's Stuart, and I apologize. My voice is a little hoarse. Let me -- I'll try to give a little color on our profitability. We're not going to be able to break out the specifics, but what we can say is that we saw strong profitability in Asia and in Australia that more than offsets the operating loss that we saw in Europe. We're still probably 1.5 years from breakeven in Europe but really excited at the momentum that we're seeing in our European business now. And as we mentioned on the call, we saw strong sequential trends in both Asia and Europe. Asia, up 70%; Europe, up 60% in the fourth quarter. That was an acceleration sequentially from the third quarter. And as we also mentioned, we're going to open 25 to 30 stores in 2019 internationally. That's more than half of the total stores that we'll open as a company. The balance of those or more than half of those will be in Asia. And we're seeing strong trends, strong comp trends in both China and broadly across Asia as well as Australia and Europe. I would say in Europe, we've actually seen an acceleration in our store comps. That's been exciting as we are reaching levels of brand awareness that we believe are now helping us achieve that faster pace of comp growth. But overall, I think just the store count reflects the importance of this as one of our growth drivers. We'll certainly offer more details at the Analyst Day. But it will continue to be an area where we're growing our business disproportionate to North America. And the profitability we're excited to see really reaching a point where we're reaching a scale economies situation in Asia, in particular, where we're now seeing very healthy bottom line results. So we'll share more, as I mentioned, on the Analyst Day, but that's, I think, some headlines we can offer now. 
Irwin Boruchow: And Stuart, could you just maybe talk about between Europe and Asia, is there anything structural that precludes Europe from scaling their margins? I'm just kind of understanding why Europe is kind of lagging and Asia, kind of the puts and takes? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. We have 21 stores in Europe right now. We have 34 in Asia. The stores in Asia tend to have a bigger sales volume than we've seen in Europe. So it's really a function of just the productivity of the store fleet. Importantly, we're also investing aggressively in our digital business internationally. So we're going to open -- or I'd say we're going to launch new websites in France, Germany, China, Japan and Korea, all in the first half of this year, which will dramatically improve our ability to engage with our guests in those regions digitally. But really, it's just as a question of reaching the volume in Europe to leverage our overhead investments there. So we're confident we'll get there, and we're pleased with the progress we're seeing. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I was hoping you could maybe talk about North America and how the comps are trending in North America relative to the rest of the world. And if you're still seeing healthy comp growth in North America, which I suspect you are, how does Asia in particular look relative to the U.S. or Canada at a similar age? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sharon, it's PJ. So I mean, North America, obviously, it's a bigger part of our business, close to -- it's 90%, right? So our international is roughly 10%, 11% but growing at a much faster rate. So we're actually seeing it start to move the needle. So the comp is driven primarily by the U.S. and Canada. And we're seeing traffic continue, good traffic, we're seeing good comp, both in-store and online. So really happy with the way North America has performed and continues to perform. 
Stuart Haselden: So Sharon, it's Stuart. From an international standpoint, our stores are younger, and you would expect that they would comp at a higher rate in the first few years of their sort of lifespan as a comp store. That's the case in North America and it's certainly also the case in our international markets. We have -- we still -- we certainly have a brand awareness obstacle to overcome in our international markets, but as we're beginning to gain traction in our community efforts and our brand building efforts, we're seeing that comps accelerate particularly in Europe, as I mentioned. But we're seeing very healthy strong comp trends across our international markets. That would be what you would expect, I think, in terms of the relative age and cohort -- age cohort, if you will, of those stores. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about the loyalty program, the learnings from it? And is the package of the loyalty program, is it the same or has it been tweaked? And just on the product margin, thoughts on product margin for 2019. And unpack the components of it and how you're looking at it. 
Calvin McDonald: Dana, it's Calvin. On the loyalty program, we've been very happy with the test and pilot so far. As you know, we initially tested in Edmonton, and we've just recently tested in Denver. And our intent over the coming months is to select a few more markets and keep testing. Response from our guests has been very positive. It's exceeded our expectations in both markets. We did test a different price point in Denver. We launched at CAD 128 in Edmonton. We tested USD 148 in Denver and saw wonderful take-up. So it sort of confirmed our thinking, which is there's real value in the memberships. The guest is understanding the value and the demand is there for us. So we're very encouraged and will continue to test as we look into expanding the program and ultimately leading into a national program in the coming sort of quarters to a year. 
Patrick Guido: And on your gross margin question, Dana, so we do see continued upside in the gross margin, specifically driven by product margin. We've guided to modest expansion, and we have a lot of confidence in that. The opportunity is coming from additional scale. It's coming from vendor diversification. It's coming from closer partnerships with existing vendors, having transparency into cost we haven't necessarily had in the past. And it's also enhancing our distribution network. So we do see, again, continued expansion on the product side. 
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just curious how you're thinking about F '19 comps from a store versus e-comm perspective? Also if you can maybe share how you're thinking about North America versus international. And then just second, the SoulCycle partnership, curious if you see any other opportunities to do something similar, either in the U.S., Canada or international. 
Patrick Guido: So from a comp perspective, we can't talk about too much beyond Q1. And just broad strokes, the traffic patterns we've seen all year at both online and in-store, there's -- the split is we would expect that to continue. I don't know that there's any huge directional change either way. But yes, we expect the stores to continue to comp well, and we're seeing the traffic to back that up. And certainly, our online business, we're really excited about. 
Calvin McDonald: And Paul, on the collaborations, we've done collaborations. We're excited when we do it both with a sweat partner, like SoulCycle. And yes, we continue to do more of these and we have some exciting ones planned for 2019 that we'll be announcing and launching to our guests in the coming months. In addition, we also are excited about certain collaborations with designers, where we can bring their particular view on aesthetic with our technical view on product, like the Robert Geller, and we're seeing a wonderful response to that announcement. And that product is pending to be launching very soon and anticipate great demand as well as sort of the ability to attract the new men's guests into our business. So collaborations have been performing well. We see them on both sweats and aesthetic design partner opportunities. And it's bringing in new guests and expanding the basket with our existing guests. So we'll continue to do them. 
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 
Gabriella Carbone: This is Gabby Carbone on for Paul. So our question is on the men's business. You're seeing very strong results there. What categories have the largest opportunities for growth? And then we discussed the opportunities to build out more co-located stores, but what are you seeing in terms productivity at these stores versus your traditional format? 
Stuart Haselden: Gabby, it's Stuart. So we're really excited with the trends at our men's business. As we mentioned, we offered a couple of nuggets in the prepared remarks. It's growing faster than our women's business. Our men's pants has been one of the fastest growing categories within men's. It's become an important way in which we acquire new guys to the brand. And at this point, it's larger actually than our performance tops business, which had -- prior to the last year had been the largest category. So we're excited to see the trends in men's pants. Outerwear has been another success story for us in 2018. A huge increase in our admittedly small outerwear business in men's, which is just an indication of us -- an indication to us rather, how big this business could be. So we're excited to introduce new styles in outerwear as well as in our performance business. And we'll have a nice balance between our technical performance style as well as our -- what we call office travel commute styles, outerwear among them. So there's a lot of runway for us to continue to grow our men's business. We're just over 20% penetration today. We really believe that lululemon can be a dual-gender brand, and that our men's business can ultimately be as big as our women's. And from a channel standpoint, you mentioned co-located. That is an important part of the story. We see huge increases in our productivity of our co-located stores, which are essentially stores that are space constrained, very productive locations that we're able to either expand or find a larger location nearby so that we can have a more effective presentation of our men's product and have an environment that's more appealing to guys to shop in. So we're seeing increases, for example, in our Mall of America location, where we expanded the square footage from 3,000 to 5,000 square feet. We doubled the size of our men's shop there, and we saw our sales in men's up 80%, with essentially the same inventory. Now every co-located expansion is not that successful, but that's a good example of the success that we've seen. But it is an important part of the story for men's and our North American store footprint broadly. And we're still testing just how deep we can go in the portfolio with our strategy. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Stuart, my question is on international. I'm wondering the international sales growth rate seems to be hitting more broadly an inflection, particularly in Europe, over the last year or so. And I was wondering if you could just talk about -- I'm sure there are many contributing factors, but what do you think is driving that inflection? And understanding that in North America, the brand started out as a women's brand and it's growing in men's. It was sort of a dual-gender brand for example, when you brought it to Asia. Are you seeing maybe higher penetration in men's in Asia relative to North America? Or any other learnings on the international front with regard to men's? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Kimberly. Good questions. What I would say is we have a really strong team in Europe led by Gareth Pope, our GM there. And Gareth has done a lot of great work over the last couple of years to reposition, if you will, a number of our stores -- the real estate strategy broadly in Europe. And we found success in Gareth's leadership there. And we continue to invest behind it. And as I mentioned, we've been patient and deliberate in the community building activities in Europe. It's taken us a bit longer than we originally expected. But we're now starting to see traction and momentum there from a guest acquisition and brand awareness standpoint, which we believe is what we attribute the acceleration in the comp in Europe to. So we're thrilled to see that trend. And we'll be evaluating just how we continue to invest behind that, the strategy that Gareth and the team has set in Europe. And good question around men's and how we think about that internationally. We do have the opportunity to introduce the brand as a dual-gender business, dual-gender brand in these international markets where we're not as well known, obviously. And we have taken steps to do that. I would say the mix of business is not remarkably different in our international markets versus North America. We still hold that as an opportunity. And we're evaluating how in markets like Asia, we can show up with a stronger men's positioning. And that's something we can talk more about when we're together at the Analyst Day. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Just kind of curious about the guidance for 1Q. Can you just talk about how the Easter shift might be impacting your business in terms of like just what kind of natural lift you expect in April from where you are today just because of how the calendar falls this year? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So we would see -- that's a good thing, right, because you have that extra week. And so we are -- we would see -- we would expect the better part -- the best part of the quarter yet to come. And having that late Easter is usually beneficial. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Just circling back to the trend with the co-located stores and the expanded stores, I apologize if I missed it. But can you talk about how you're thinking about the pace of renovations and expansions in 2019 and beyond? And then, I think the success with that initiative speaks to some of the constraints you had in the smaller stores in terms of merchandising the expanded assortment, especially in men's. Maybe talk about some of the digital and omnichannel strategies you're leaning into to ensure you're fully capturing that opportunity from the broad base... 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. On the co-located, we've seen very positive results in 2018, and our intent for 2019 is to maintain the number, which is in and around 20. We are planning to open more new doors this year in the 40 to 50 range, with China picking up a disproportionate number of those incremental doors. So overall, the amount of incremental square footage is in the mid-teen growth range, which is up from 2018. And that's all positive based on how the guest is responding to our assortments, our ability to express our assortment in more locations and are really pleased with the mix. In addition, as you mentioned, we are looking to expand on our omni innovation. We have a very strong BBR program, and that is where our stores access our extended assortment online in order for the guests to either have it shipped to the store for pickup and/or to the guest's home. And very pleased with the results of that, and that continues to grow year-over-year and does help in our smaller doors. But it also helps in our larger doors as well as we continue to add to our assortment and breadth of categories. On buy online, pick up in-store, we tested that over the holiday period in around 35 doors. We're pleased with the results. We are rolling that out across the network, and we plan to be across all doors by holiday 2019, which will give us a wonderful opportunity to promote and move that further up in the guest journey and experience online to make it very clear and aware that, that service exists. But those omni initiatives, combined with how we're approaching our store fleet, both are going to be contributing to the momentum this year. 
Mark Altschwager: That's great. And then I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned a goal of 50% digital penetration longer term. Maybe without previewing too much from the Analyst Day, just curious how you think about that pathway to 50%. How much of it is coming from your mature markets versus maybe higher digital penetration in some of your new international markets? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks for clarifying through your question, Mark. That reference was to our business, particularly in China. We see our dotcom business achieving a 50% ratio. We're very excited about our digital direct-to-consumer business overall, and we'll share at the Analyst Day how we view that across all markets. But that particular statement was linked to China. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: My question was actually about digital channel. So your margins in digital are frankly, extremely impressive, and I don't know that I've seen them elsewhere in the industry. So I was wondering, are there investments that you still need to make as you scale that business up further as penetration increases? Or as you see that mix shift continue, would you expect to be able to maintain margins at that frankly, again, fantastic level? 
Stuart Haselden: Jamie, it's Stuart. We are very happy with our digital margins. And as we grow that business faster, it is accretive to our overall operating margin. And I think there's specifics within our business. Our return rates, in particular, are very low, which helps explain why we enjoy a better rate -- margin rate online than other companies. But what I would say in terms of as we look forward and what investments we need to make, we don't feel like we're world champions yet in digital e-commerce, and there's a lot of opportunities we see with the website, with social media, with digital marketing, where we can do much better. And so the upside there is a nice runway of revenue growth in our digital business. So we're excited about that. 
Operator: Our last question is from Rafe Jadrosich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Rafe Jadrosich: I wanted to just follow up on some of your comments about the innovation pipeline. At the beginning of the call, you mentioned category expansion opportunities. Can you just give a little bit more color on what's happening there? And then for 2019, will you be launching any new fabrics? Or is there opportunity to expand some of your existing fabrics into more categories? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Rafe. Much of that we'll be sharing at the Analyst Day. But what I will queue up is 2. One, from a fabric standpoint, we're excited with the continual performance of our existing. Equally, we see opportunity in sharing well-performing technical fabrics across both men's and women's, which is a big opportunity for us, and we'll share how we're approaching innovation on that Analyst Day. As well as a lot of the categories that we're looking to expand. The one that I will tee up, which will be in market prior to us meeting in April, is run and our run campaign, which we're excited about building on the success of yoga as a key sweat for us. Run is an opportunity for us to continue to grow with our existing guests. Stuart mentioned some of the success of our events, both physical and digital. And our assortment and being known as a run destination for apparel, technical apparel, both for men's and women's, is a large opportunity and we'll be launching in the next week an exciting campaign that will start to build the awareness around that sweat activity, and we see a lot of exciting future growth potential behind that as well. More to share at the Analyst Day. 
Operator: This concludes the time allocated for our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks, everybody, for your interest. And we look forward to seeing many of you in New York next month at our Analyst Day. Thanks very much. Bye-bye. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-12-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Calvin McDonald, CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO; PJ Guido, CFO; Sun Choe, our Chief Product Officer, is also with us and will be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our Investors site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the third quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Calvin. 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone, to our quarter 3 earnings call. I'm excited to kick off this quarter's call, especially since it represents my first quarter as CEO of lululemon. And I have to tell you that with everyday in this position, I'm more enthusiastic than ever about the brand, our people and the opportunities ahead.
 Over the past 3 months, it's been fantastic to see lululemon from all angles, from the educators in our stores to new guests in China, to the creative team imagining our next product categories and to the many teams at our Store Support Centres across our markets. The strong momentum in our business continued during the quarter, and we see many opportunities to build upon this success in the near and long term.
 On today's call, I'll first share with you some insights and highlights before handing it off to Stuart for a more in-depth discussion on our quarter 3 results. PJ will finish up our prepared remarks with a detailed quarter 3 financial review and our guidance outlook. Then we'll be happy to take your questions.
 Looking at our quarter 3 results, all of us on the senior leadership team first want to thank our teams around the world for their hard work, enthusiasm and commitment to delighting our guests every day. All of these efforts have contributed to our robust performance this quarter. What's so exciting to me about our business is the broad-based strength we're continuing to see across our channels, categories and geographies, fueled by our innovative products and our unique community-based brand-building initiatives.
 Before speaking to some of our key product initiatives, I'd like to share with you my distinct pleasure in recognizing a proven leader at lululemon. Sun Choe, with her well-deserved promotion to our Chief Product Officer, which I announced earlier this quarter, has been heading up the entire product organization since February. Her leadership and creativity are evident in the examples you're going to hear about this afternoon. It's important to all of us that lululemon remain a product-led organization, and Sun's experience and strengths will allow us to live into this vision. We have the brand permission to move into so many new categories, determining which ones and at what pace is the exciting work we're currently in. Sun and her team are working on these future innovations to help ensure our pipeline remains robust, and I'm excited to be part of this work and thrilled with what we will continue to be bringing to market.
 As an example of this dynamic innovation, this fall, you saw the early results of our strategic decision to focus on outerwear in a bigger way, and guest response to the assortment has been fantastic. Bras are another important opportunity. The launch of Like Nothing, our first bra design to be worn all day, has performed very well in the quarter. And our collaboration with Francesca Hayward and the Royal Opera House in London is another example of how we successfully leverage our relationships with cultural influencers relevant to our collective. Sun is with us on the call today and will be available for any questions you may have around our product.
 Switching gears, I'd like to highlight 2 important strategies that we moved forward in North America this quarter, both which leverage our strengths in brick-and-mortar. They are buy online, pick up in-store and our seasonal store rollout. The [ build-this ] pilot is now live in 35 stores across 4 markets. It's proceeding well and helps us leverage our capabilities across channels. Our seasonal store strategy is now in full swing for the holiday season, with 43 open at the end of quarter 3 and 6 more planned for quarter 4. Not only do these stores increase convenience for our existing guests during this hectic time of year, but they also attract a significant number of new guests to our brand. Based on last year's performance, we expect to see approximately 40% of guests in these stores new to lululemon.
 While growth outside of North America holds great potential for us, the opportunity within the U.S. and Canada remains our largest and most important in the near term. Our agile store formats, including colocated, local standard, seasonal and experiential, combined with our exciting omni-experience initiatives, will allow us to keep expanding our square footage while creating a very flexible and unique store network.
 This potential was clear during my market visits this quarter, spending time with our store teams in New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Seattle, L.A. and, of course, Vancouver. In all of these visits, we shared ideas that we will be bringing to life in the future, including new and innovative ways to connect with our local communities, experiential retail and ways to better leverage our online and off-line ecosystems. The creativity within our store teams was both contagious and inspiring. 
 I've also been spending a great deal of time with the talented people in our brand and community teams and sharing with them some of the insights I've gained over the years. 
 In quarter 3, we continue to engage with our guests as only lululemon can through our SeaWheeze Half Marathon in Sunset Festival in Vancouver and our Ghost Race virtual runs across 12 cities in the U.S. and Canada. During SeaWheeze, over 10,000 runners descended on Vancouver to take part in the race and attend the festival, which included yoga and, of course, an entertaining dance party. With this year's Ghost Race, we partnered with Strava again and remained the #1 run community on their app. We had 35,000 guests registered for the race, of which nearly half were men and 20% were new to lululemon.
 Outside of North America, our activations were equally robust, included our third annual Unroll China event across 8 cities and our first-ever Sweatlife Festival in Berlin. I'm also proud of how we brought our 20th birthday to life. During this event, which was truly a global activation, we updated our iconic manifesto, launched a capsule product collection and held celebrations in key markets around the globe. 
 The passion our guests and educators have for our brand is clear, but we believe that, over time, we can make our brand expression even stronger and more consistent across channels and touch points. Our brand has so many exciting messages to communicate, determining how, where, when and to whom we tell is the exciting work we are in now. Becoming better storytellers is a key focus for us, driving our brand awareness and acquiring even more guests into our brand.
 Building on our ability to acquire new guests, I'd like to share with you some details of an exciting test we began during the quarter, our first-ever loyalty program. lululemon has always had a strong connection with our guests, thanks to the great work of our educators, community teams and ambassadors. However, it's clear that we can take these relationships to the next level with a loyalty program. I'm excited to be working with the teams to create an offering that is unique, disruptive and perfect for lululemon.
 Our current test is taking place in Edmonton. For an annual fee, members receive several benefits, including either a pants or pair of shorts designed exclusively for the program, access to sweat classes, attendance at curated events, personal development and free expedited shipping on e-commerce orders. Initial reads are strong as our Edmonton guests love the program. We'll have more to share with you subsequently as we continue to pilot and roll out to more markets next year.
 And finally, one of our largest opportunities is expansion outside of North America. As you know, this is one of our strategic growth pillars, and we continue to execute on our plans to build out key markets within the Asia and Europe. It was exciting to visit China and see the enthusiasm for lululemon firsthand. This is such a dynamic market with fast and emerging trends. What's happening in China is truly special.
 There are over 400 million millennials who are digitally engaged, beginning to invest in health and fitness and looking for brands that bring both great product solutions and experiences. On my trip, I visited all of our stores in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing, and spent time with our local educators, store managers and Store Support Centre teams. I'm thrilled to be working with them to refine and elevate our long-term growth plan. 
 The opportunities are considerable, beginning with our digital and retail experiences our brand and community expressions and, of course, our product. We will aim to strike the right balance between leveraging our global strength while acting locally where it matters most to keep winning. I'm so excited with what we're seeing thus far in China and in Asia overall, and I'm personally committed to making our success in this region a priority.
 In Europe, where I am visiting next week, we held our first Sweatlife Festival in Berlin, where we connected our guests with local studios and teachers to celebrate the expanding fitness landscape. And in Paris, building on the strength of our showrooms, we opened a shop-in-shop in Le Bon Marché, the iconic Parisian department store. Our business in Europe continues to perform well. We're happy with our progress and remain very positive about our future opportunities in the region. I look forward to working with the local leadership team to continue our plans to win in Europe, which will include balancing our approach to focus on cities versus countries and continuing to drive our brand awareness.
 Before handing it over to Stuart, I'd like to conclude my prepared remarks by saying it is a distinct honor to work with such an extremely talented group of leaders, employees and educators. It is their passion and dedication and enthusiasm that fuels our strong performance and brings our brand to life each and every day. 
 Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. Let me also add my congratulations to our teams around the world for the exceptional results that continue to keep us on course to achieve and even exceed our goal of $4 billion in revenue by 2020. 
 In the third quarter, our teams delivered another outstanding performance, posting strong increases across guest engagement, traffic and conversion. And importantly, we also posted product margin expansion well above expectations, which has enabled us to accelerate opportunistic SG&A investments in the quarter aimed at supporting our growth into next year and beyond.
 I believe we will look back on 2018 as a milestone year for lululemon, where the culmination of our multiyear investments in supply chain, technology and innovation, broadly, have delivered an inflection in our business that has set us on a new trajectory. We are committed to building a durable growth story and believe we are just getting started. This is what we want our investors to hear today. In the coming months, we look forward to sharing details of how this story will take shape beyond 2020, but today, we're excited to relay details of Q3. 
 Specifically, in the third quarter, we saw continued strength, with total revenue up 21%, combined comps of 18% on top of a 7% increase last year and a 34% increase in EPS. These strong comp trends continue to be driven by traffic and conversion increases across both stores and e-commerce. The strength of our merchandise assortments and guest engagement efforts across multiple touch points are helping fuel these increases. 
 I'd also note that our improving capabilities in personalization within digital marketing are allowing us to speak to our guests in more informed and efficient ways and enabling further increases in traffic and conversion. Guest acquisition increased 41% in Q3, while our e-mail list grew 90%. These efforts collectively contributed to a store traffic increase in the quarter in the high single digits and an increase in traffic to our e-commerce site of over 35%. And it's exciting to see the momentum from Q3 extending now into Q4, evidenced by our exceptionally strong results over the Thanksgiving weekend.
 Thanksgiving was the biggest day ever in our e-com business, only to be surpassed by the results we saw the next day on Black Friday. What's interesting to note is that both days, individually, were larger volume days than Cyber Monday, as our guests shopped earlier and wanted to get a jump-start on the holiday season.
 And over this weekend, we saw a strong response to our Align, Wunder Under and Speed Up pants, while on the men's side, joggers were a favorite, including the ABC, Surge and Intent styles.
 Turning now to the highlights within our other growth pillars. Product innovation continued to be a key part of the growth story in Q3. We posted strong comps in the quarter that increased in the double digits in all major categories. Newness and technical innovation within our assortments are resonating with our guests, while we're also seeing success as we leverage our core franchises. As Calvin mentioned, outerwear was particularly strong for us on both the men's and women's side, with comps increasing over 150% and 40%, respectively. We've expanded the assortment relative to last year by offering more puffer and water-resistant styles, including the Cloudscape Jacket for women and the Outpour Parka for men. We're still in the early stages with outerwear, and we're excited of the potential we see here.
 And men's continues to be an exciting growth story for us, posting some of our highest overall category increases. As we've mentioned previously, we are effectively ahead of schedule to reach our $1 billion sales goal for men's in 2020. In Q3, we launched an exclusive capsule with MR PORTER, a leading online men's style destination. Our collection consists of 18 styles and is available in select lululemon stores internationally and online globally at mrporter.com. So far, guest response has been strong, and we're excited to test new partnerships such as this to continue to drive awareness for our men's business.
 Shifting gears to digital. We continue to benefit from the digital acceleration work we completed last year. In Q3, digital represented just over 1/4 of our business, putting us ahead of schedule to reach our goal of 25% full year penetration in 2020. As I mentioned, traffic to our site grew over 35% in Q3, while conversion increased in the high single digits. Our expanded capabilities in digital marketing and data analytics are enabling these important traffic and conversion increases that we've been seeing all year. We've made important steps to strengthen our capabilities within digital marketing. This includes using data science to inform our marketing efforts, which is driving higher levels of guest engagement reflected in our new guest acquisition levels. And we continue to hear positive feedback from guests visiting our website regarding ongoing improvements within checkout, segmentation, search and browse. Examples include improved speed and processing during checkout, personalized versions of the website and automating the browse experience based on merchandise performance data. These enhancements and others are driving higher conversion rates, and we expect to see gains in these areas continue into 2019.
 And finally, building on Calvin's commentary regarding our international business, I'd offer some additional highlights. In Q3, the strength continued with total market growth in Asia and Europe increasing more than 50% in each region. In China, we continue to see strength within our digital business. Our e-commerce business grew 76%, with a 2-year increase of over 200%. I'd also highlight Singles' Day last month, when we saw an increase of over 150% in our Tmall business. Outside of China, we launched our local market e-commerce site in Korea. And at the end of October, we opened our very first store in Osaka, Japan. All good signs of what the future holds for us across Asia.
 Before handing it over to PJ, there are a couple of additional things I'd like to highlight. For the full year 2018, we are on track to deliver an annualized increase in product margin of over 700 basis points since 2015. Our strategic supply chain programs, amplified by favorable product mix and strong full price selling, have driven these increases. And investors should note that we are making important new investments across our distribution network that should enable us to capture additional gains and product margin over the next couple of years. We are well ahead of our goals that we had previously set for 2020 in both gross margin and operating profit margin. Importantly, this has enabled us to accelerate a number of key infrastructure investments to sustain our top line growth as we did in this quarter. I'm so proud of the teams who have delivered these results and who continue to identify new strategies to extend these gains.
 And with that, I'll now turn it over to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Stuart. Q3 marked another quarter of strong financial performance, and we are on track to finish what is shaping up to be one of our best years on record. Before I offer some highlights on Q3 and provide guidance for Q4 and full year 2018, we will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our Investors site for additional details.
 For Q3, total revenue rose 21% to $748 million, driven by solid execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 7% constant dollar comp store sales increase on top of a 1% increase in Q3 of last year. Square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 38 net new lululemon stores since Q3 of 2017. During the quarter, we opened 11 net new stores and completed 9 colocated remodels. In our digital channel, we saw strong traffic and higher conversion that resulted in a 46% comp increase. For the quarter, e-com contributed $189 million of top line, reaching 25% of total revenue. And I would add that the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $9.3 million in the quarter.
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $407 million or 54.4% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 52.2% of net revenue in Q3 2017. The gross profit rate in Q3 increased 220 basis points versus adjusted gross margin last year. This exceeded our expectations for the quarter and was driven primarily by the following: a 280 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product costs, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns. We are particularly pleased that this increase comes on top of a 70 basis point improvement in product margin last year. Overall gross margin expansion was partially offset by 30 basis points of reinvestment in product innovation and distribution center upgrades and 30 basis points from the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expenses were $271 million or 36.2% of net revenue compared to 34.8% of net revenue for the same period last year. As we mentioned on prior calls, we have used our strong performance year-to-date to fuel further investments in long-term growth. These investments contributed to the 140 basis points of deleverage experienced in the quarter and included technology enhancements, advancements in data and analytics, funding for new test initiatives such as loyalty and Selfcare and a ramp-up of seasonal store openings. In addition, foreign exchange revaluation and translation contributed 30 basis points of deleverage.
 Operating income for the quarter was approximately $136 million or 18.2% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 17.4% of net revenue in Q3 2017.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $43.5 million or 31.6% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 32% a year ago. As a result of finalizing our prior year federal tax returns and interpreting ongoing guidance, we incurred an incremental tax expense of $5.2 million related to the onetime transition tax that was enacted as part of U.S. tax reform. Excluding this charge, the adjusted effective tax rate for Q3 2018 was 27.8% compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 30.8% in Q3 2017.
 During the quarter, we reduced our estimated effective tax rate for the year and, subsequently, the quarter after adjusting for additional tax credits for research and development, favorable mix of profit by jurisdiction and other adjustments associated with filing our U.S. tax returns.
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $94 million or $0.71 per diluted share compared to earnings per share of $0.43 for the third quarter of 2017. 
 Excluding charges related to U.S. tax reform in Q3 2018 and the ivivva restructuring in Q3 2017, adjusted EPS in Q3 2018 was $0.75 versus adjusted EPS of $0.56 in Q3 2017.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $73 million for the quarter compared to approximately $57 million in the third quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to IT investment and supply chain, data and analytics and store capital for both new locations and renovations.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $704 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 25%, relatively in line with sales, and was $496 million at the end of Q3. We repurchased 64,729 shares during the quarter at an average price of $124.95, and we had approximately $185 million remaining under the current authorized share repurchase program at the end of Q3.
 Turning now to our outlook. Given the ongoing strength of our business, we are taking up our guidance for the year. And as a reminder, 2018 is a 53-week year for us. For Q4, we expect revenues to be in the range of $1.115 billion to $1.125 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the high single to low double digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. This also assumes 14 new store openings in the quarter. 
 We expect gross margin to increase by approximately 50 to 100 basis points versus Q4 of last year. Although we are anniversarying strong increases in product margin, we are still focused on further gross margin expansion through incremental reduction in average unit cost, driven by ongoing supply chain initiatives and scale efficiencies.
 We expect SG&A rate in Q4 to be flat to up 50 basis points as select opportunistic investments continue in the quarter. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30% and approximately 133 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $1.64 to $1.67 versus adjusted EPS of $1.33 a year ago.
 For the full year 2018, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.235 billion to $3.245 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-teens on a constant dollar basis. 
 We expect to open approximately 36 company-operated stores in 2018. This includes 20 to 25 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low double digits.
 We now expect gross margin for the year to expand 150 to 200 basis points in 2018, primarily driven by continued product margin improvement and leverage on occupancy and other fixed costs. Consistent with our 2020 plan, we are still expecting SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly.
 We now expect our fiscal year 2018 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.68. Our EPS guidance is based on 134 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. 
 We expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 29.5% in 2018. We are continuing to analyze the impact of U.S. tax reform and its overall implications for capital deployment globally.
 We assume the Canadian dollar at $0.765 to the U.S. dollar for 2018 as well as Q4. We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $235 million to $245 million for fiscal year 2018. The reduction relative to our prior guidance predominantly reflects select new store opening being shifted into next year. The increase versus 2017 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, new store openings, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects.
 In closing, while we still have the bulk of the quarter ahead of us, we're happy with our start to the holiday season and are looking forward to finishing the year strong and carrying our momentum into next year.
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Yih with Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Congratulations on a wonderful quarter. My question is on inventory. I was wondering if you could talk about the end-of-quarter inventory and then plans for the end of the year. Are you seeing any port congestion? Or have you brought in any inventory early in advance of potential tariff impact? 
Patrick Guido: Adrienne, this is PJ. We are really happy with our inventory levels at the end of Q3 and going into Q4 into the holiday season. The inventory is in great shape by quality and makeup. We did not change our inventory cadence because of any tariff issues or anything to that effect. So generally, we are in -- if you like, we're in great shape from an inventory perspective. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And then just as a follow-up, are you seeing any freight increases for 2019? 
Patrick Guido: We are not seeing any freight pressure so far. No. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISA -- ISI. 
Omar Saad: Calvin and Stuart, if you could, it sounds like you're going to get to, I don't know, 1/4 of your business through e-commerce this year, which I think is your 2020 goal 2 years early. It's been a really huge source of upside, especially when you think where you were a year or so ago. What can you point to are the key drivers of that upside, getting such a higher penetration of your e-commerce business much earlier than you had anticipated? And how long can this kind of accelerated pace of growth with that digital side of your business continue? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Omar. Great question. We're seeing really strong traffic and conversion in our e-commerce business. These are trends that we had called out earlier in the year. On the traffic side, it's -- we really see this as a function of the enhanced digital marketing strategy that we've been able to put into the market. And specifically, part of that has been new data analytics capabilities. We've been able to automate much of our e-mail marketing strategies as well as bring personalization into sharpening how we're able to send those e-mails and digital engagement with our guests in a more specific and informed manner versus our guests. So that's been a big part of the traffic story. On the conversion side, it continues to be the improvements that we've made to the website, and we continue to define opportunities to enhance the experience for our guests online. So we've been pleased with that performance as well. And finally, I'd say the -- there are no structural constraints for us to drive the penetration of our e-commerce business well above 25%. And I would also point to the fact that we enjoy a much higher contribution margin for our digital business that is certainly accretive to our company overall operating profit margin. So we are very bullish on the outlook for our e-com business. We have a great team and a number of enhancements that are in the works for next year. So very excited at the future we see in that part of the business. 
Omar Saad: That's helpful. And one clarification. Did you guys say you're doing a test loyalty and charging the loyalty members and it's working really well? Is that what I heard? 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We did a membership test in Edmonton, and the fee was $128, which we wanted to test. And for that, guests were able to choose between either a pant or a pair of shorts. In addition to that, they had access to monthly curated sweat classes that we worked with the local community and our ambassadors to highlight and showcase. They have some shipment benefits on e-commerce, and we'll be able to gain early access into our Sweatlife Festivals and other events that we're planning to continue to bring. So -- and the response was very strong, exceeded our expectations. And we're going to continue through the first half of next year testing and piloting that. We have a few additional markets that we are going to be launching it in and very excited as we look forward to the ability to have a membership-based program where it's driving loyalty, but guests are seeing value in this curation of services and content beyond just our product and in buying into the program and driving value through the loyalty. So early days but very excited about the work and what we have planned for the program moving forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: One follow-up there on the loyalty program. If you test the program in different markets, will it be the same structure with the membership fee and the same types of benefits? Or will you be testing different types of loyalty program there? 
Calvin McDonald: Great question. We are in test phase. What I would tell you is we were very excited with the way in which the guests responded to the initial launch and pilot. The intent moving forward is to have a fee attached. We are going to test and play with the $128. In fact, we think there's opportunity to price above that based on the engagement and response we saw from the guests. So we actually feel we can increase the price to the value of the program and the additional services they offer. So most of first half of 2019 is going to be tinkering, playing with the program, getting the curation of services right. But we are super excited and we'll continue to lean in and test and learn around the notion of a membership paid for and the curation of services that we offer. 
Alexandra Walvis: Great. That's really interesting. And then a second question from me. You called out in your prepared remarks success in the everyday bra category, which is a new place; and outerwear, you're expanding to a broader range of wear-to-work categories. I'm just thinking, I'm just wondering how this has changed how you're thinking about your addressable market and your super long-term sales opportunity and whether success in these fringe categories is giving you confidence of the ability to play in more areas. 
Sun Choe: Alex, this is Sun. To your question, we really don't know how high is high. I mean, right now, we see both bras and outerwear as big category expansions for us. They definitely represent a significant amount of opportunity. And given our position of the intersection of feel, fashion and function, we feel like there is whitespace beyond the categories that we're known for today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another great quarter, guys. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Matt. 
Matthew Boss: So on gross margin, maybe could you just help break down the product margin opportunity in the fourth quarter? And just how would you rank the gross margin drivers as we exit this year and then going forward? 
Patrick Guido: Yes, Matt, this is PJ. So, yes, we've seen a big benefit in gross margin throughout the year and in Q3, and it's come from mix, lower markdown and higher comp above what we planned. We expect all these metrics to remain strong, but we've planned into a more -- a little bit more of a moderate benefit. But should we see higher demand materialize, we have the flex in the business to meet it. We do see continued opportunity on the sourcing and supply chain side, which has been a great story and will continue to be. And although we may not see step function gains as we have in the past, there's still meaningful gains to be had there. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. And, Matt, it's Stuart. I'll add to that. There still is opportunity for us to further expand our supply chain segmentation strategy that we've talked about to drive more of our assortment into the lower cost part of the supply chain. And also, as I alluded to my prepared remarks, there is -- there are new investments we're making in our distribution networks that will provide benefits to our product margins into next year and beyond. So those are things that we feel are structural, programmatic that we will be able to bring to bear and benefit our product margins as we go forward. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up along those lines. On the expense front, I guess, on some of these investments that you're talking about that took place in the third quarter, should we think about these continuing into the fourth? And as we think beyond this year, is there any change to SG&A leverage at low to mid-teens revenue growth that I think you've identified in the past? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So we do expect the investment to continue into Q4. What I'll say about SG&A is -- so the majority of the deleverage in Q3 came from both planned and incremental investment in long-term growth, right? So we invested in IT to enhance our data and analytics and digital marketing capability. We invested in the guest experience and guest engagement by testing the loyalty program. We invested in testing new product categories, Selfcare. We also invested in more seasonal stores, which -- to gauge new markets, reach new guests and build brand awareness. So I would say these will continue into Q4. And we do -- we have guided to modest deleverage, but for the full year, we still expect to leverage SG&A. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Great result, love to see the acceleration here. I guess, my first major question is just new customer acquisition, you have a lot of initiatives here that seem to be working out pretty well. And what actually is working the most? Like where are you finding the best results in terms of getting new guests to shop lululemon? Is that just the seasonal stores? Is it the product itself is why new guests are shopping? What's really driving this today? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt, it's Stuart. So there's a number of things that we see as providing a big tailwind for us in terms of guest acquisition. First thing, we should start with is the product assortment. So that lifts the overall business, as you would imagine, and drives both traffic and conversion. The other areas we've talked about, we've mentioned briefly, even today and, certainly, on the prior calls, we're seeing the digital marketing strategies providing a much more successful level of engagement with our guests that is, in turn, helping drive traffic into our stores, where we were able to convert that traffic and engage more successfully with new technology we deployed at the end of last year [ at express ]. So I would point to those things, multichannel strategies store and online, leveraging new capabilities within data analytics, they're helping us drive those increases. And we continue to see opportunities to drive those levels even higher. 
Matthew McClintock: And then if I could ask Calvin a question. Related to your trip to Asia, clearly, that's been a strong part of the company now for a little while. Was there anything that actually caught you off by surprise in the sense of the opportunity there or challenges, something that you just didn't expect when you went there? And then what are you looking for when you go to Europe next week? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. In terms of in China, I would tell you that everything was very positive. If I just look at the cities that I visited and the market and the evolution of how customers are embracing the notion of the sweat life through the growth that was happening in studios in and around these cities, all the basis of what drove our business in North America is happening and accelerating. So culturally, you really -- I really sensed and witnessed this energy behind the ingredients that we know helped to drive our brand and where the brand -- our brand does so well. And then how we were fitting into that, there was nothing but opportunity. So building upon the great work that the team there has done, what was so exciting in the visit was not just seeing this energy that's happening, where we don't need to create it, we just need to be part of it. But then look at how we are showing up in the opportunities around our brand and community initiatives, how we express and communicate who lululemon is and the opportunity behind living the sweat life, the role that events can play, our ambassador program and thinking about it differently in this dynamic market that's growing. And then, obviously, product, we've done some local product with our Asian fit, and it's responded so well. It's the discussions of how do we continue to do more of that, recognizing the uniqueness and opportunity that we have in this market. So I would tell you, I walked away incredibly energized and excited about our potential. And I think our results are indicating the opportunity, but there's even more we can continue to do and will do. And I'm excited to be in that work with the team to drive that. And I think, for me, in Europe, working with Gareth and the team, it is really going to be understanding similar dynamics. Where do we see sweat evolving within Europe? What are the opportunities of where we're playing to keep building the brand, getting the awareness, accumulating, acquiring guests and making sure that our growth is both in -- concentrated in cities where we see opportunities and getting that balance between going deeper in cities or broader into countries and having that dialogue and discussion with them? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tunick with RBC Capital Markets. 
Brian Tunick: I'll add my congrats to the team. Maybe one for Sun, first. Maybe you can talk about how you think your calendar of newness looking into 2019. Obviously, a lot of great work on the supply chain. But just curious, you'll obviously have to lap some very strong product and new fabric launches. And just curious about how your calendar and then pipeline looks heading into 2019. 
Sun Choe: Great. I actually am really excited about what our pipeline looks for 2019. Our -- what we have in terms of innovation is very rich. And I would say, as I mentioned earlier, bras and outerwear as a category represents a big opportunity for us. In terms of innovation, we have some great things lined up, and one that I like to highlight is specifically some innovations that we are introducing in run across men's and women's. So in men's, we have some things that really solve for high humidity, high heat solutions. We also are introducing cooling yarn for the guests across men's and women's. And then in terms of high support bras, we launched the Enlite a couple of years ago. We are going to be extending upon that franchise. So we introduced the front zip this year. Next year, we have a hydration vest based off of the Enlite as well as just other evolutions of Enlite. And we do know that part of the huge success of 2018 has been through franchise extensions. They do work for us. And so that's a lot of what's in store for next year. 
Brian Tunick: And then if I could just ask anyone to comment about the Selfcare launch. Any learnings so far? And maybe what kind of guard rails do you guys think the company has to sell more things to let the guests live their best life? 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the question on Selfcare. So as you know, we tested it in the quarter in a handful of markets, be it Chicago, Orange County and Toronto. And the lineup currently consists of 5 products in a variety of sets and a variety of sizes. And I think it is a -- it's a great example of the work the team has been doing and is doing to identify whitespace in areas where we feel we not only have permission from our guests to help solve an opportunity, but also, we can do it in a very authentic way. And in this and with Selfcare, it is that notion of how can we solve the needs of the athlete when they're on the go, in studios, as it relates to this category that others are not fulfilling. And very happy with the results of the pilot. We'll continue and expand that into 2019. And obviously, it's a category that I know well. And I feel there's a lot of opportunity. As we think of Selfcare, we think of the sweat life, the ability to continue to bring product that delivers on that objective of how do we solve the needs of the athletes as it relates to this product category. So early results are very good, further expansion in 2019, and we're working as well on that product expansion and see opportunity in this category. It's very exciting. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian (sic) [ Mark ] Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Mark Altschwager from Baird. The product stories have been really impressive in the back half, and I'm just wondering if you can discuss a bit more about your learnings on the outerwear front. The assortment looks bigger year-over-year. And in some cases, you have some really premium price points out there. So where are you finding your sweet spot from a pricing perspective? Any pushback from the customer at the $500-plus levels? And just overall, how meaningful a comp driver do you expect that to be over the holiday period? 
Sun Choe: We see outerwear being a material comp driver for the quarter both across men's and women's. And I would say, you're right on in terms of the assortment assessment. We have definitely broadened the range as well as broadened the solve and really focusing behind solves around rain, insulation and activity. And the more innovation we put into a product, we do believe that there's a value add for the guest. And so far, we really have not seen price resistance where we've introduced the 3-in-1 or waterproof down and priced it at a premium. So we believe that continuing to innovate on solutions for our guests, and if there's value there, we can continue to push prices up. And at the same time, when we have things that are more like [ shelved ], everyday [ shelf ] that a guest can work out in or run in, that could be something that's a bit more of an opening price point for us. So we actually see a pretty broad price elasticity in this category across men's and women's. 
Mark Altschwager: That's really helpful. And, Sun, maybe just a follow-up. Can you talk about the gifting strategy in the fourth quarter and what the biggest changes are year-over-year? 
Sun Choe: I would say, in gifting, we probably went a little deeper into accessories. We always have huge opportunity in our franchise products because those are items that our guests knows and loves, so franchises like Align, Wunder Under, Speed Up that Stuart had alluded to; in men's, our Metal Vent and ABC franchises. And probably new for us is the breadth of giftables that we introduced in accessories across cold weather as well as what we call, small lulu goods. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Just want to ask a couple of questions about some expense buckets that have been sort of topical within the industry. Just on the wages, how is the company addressing that issue with wages kind of going up across retail? And secondly, on rent, as you look into next year, your stores are performing very well, but probably, a lot of stores in retail are not. Are you seeing any opportunities on rent as you move forward into 2019? 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Jay, it's PJ. So on the retail wages, so within our stores, we target the top 25th percentile. So we feel like we're very competitive on that front. So not seeing pressure there, but we continue to evaluate that. On rent, I think we're not seeing any meaningful opportunities outside the ordinary, so I wouldn't say there's anything there. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Obviously, from the occupancy line, our real estate strategy in international markets as well as we stepped into bigger boxes in North America will reflect those changes in the strategy. But we feel really good that there's opportunity to have a good outcome in terms of occupancy into the future. 
Jay Sole: Got it. And then if I can just ask one more. As your e-commerce business has grown so well, you've made a lot of investments in the supply chain. How has that affected the amount of returns that you see? And how has that sort of impacted the profitability given how much expansion you see in the margin? 
Stuart Haselden: It's interesting. We see a very similar level of returns in our e-commerce business as we do in stores. And I know that's different from a lot of businesses, even a lot of vertical retailers that are in categories that see higher levels of return online. And we're just fortunate that our business performed similarly across channels. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: I'm just curious about how you're thinking about the e-com ultimately by geography in terms of what penetration can you achieve by geography. And maybe if you can share where you are now in Canada versus the United States. Those are obviously your 2 more mature markets. So just curious where e-com penetration is there. And then just second, I mean, anything you'd share on the buy online, pick up in-store stores? What's happening in terms of customer behavior, attach [ sales in the stores ]? 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. So the -- as you look at digital by geography and the e-commerce penetration, the North American business still is, by far, the lion's share of that business. So it essentially reflects the penetration of the North American business. We're really excited about the trends that we're seeing in Asia and in Europe. There are infrastructure investments we need to make and are making, and you've heard us talk about that to a degree in these international markets to fully unlock the potential. So those are things that we have planned into '19 and beyond to continue to fuel really exciting increases in our e-commerce business in those geographies. And we're likewise really excited about the potential, and we spoke about it earlier on the call, that we see for e-commerce [indiscernible]. So hope that addresses your question. And your second question on buy online, pick up in-store, still early innings on [ that. ] We're seeing some really encouraging results. We're excited to expand it to additional stores. And we'll be able to share more details with you on that into the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Stuart, I was really intrigued by some of the supply chain and distribution investments that you talked about ultimately driving your product margin higher over time. I wasn't sure if you had any details you wanted to add, but my question is, does this allow you to sort of think about different gross margin and, ultimately, operating margin targets longer term that would be above some of those targets you've laid out in the past? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Kimberly, it's Stuart. So we're certainly exceeding some of the original goals that we had set back at the beginning of 2015 -- 2016, rather, for the 5-year time horizon. And we are reevaluating and recalibrating how high is high in each part of the business, certainly, each element of the operating profit story. And that's something we'll be able to share more details on with you when we report Q4 and something we've alluded to in terms of the outlook we see in the business beyond 2020 as we really do see opportunity to exceed the goals that we've set for that period. One of the things I did just want to highlight while we still have a few minutes left on the call. We're really pleased with the comp momentum that we saw from Q2 into Q3. And we see essentially the continuation of that same trajectory that we saw in the first half of the year into the second half of the year. And I did just want to reiterate that we are not seeing this trend slow now into the early weeks of Q4. And just to clarify, while we did give slightly different top line comp guidance in the fourth quarter versus the guidance that we offered in Q3, there are a couple of reasons for that, and I just wanted to mention and make sure that investors are aware of this. The first is that we really have the majority of the quarter in front of us. There's some really big volume weeks as we approach Christmas. There is essentially less of the quarter under our belt at this point than when we were at a similar point guiding to Q3. So that's the first element. The second one is we're just lapping stronger comparisons in the fourth quarter of last year. So those 2 factors really came into bear as we laid what the appropriate comp guidance was for us to offer. But I did just want to reiterate that we're seeing the same strong trends from the third quarter now into the early part of the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Very nice quarter. Actually, your comments there just -- really just answered the key question I have with regard to the guidance. So shifting to another question. With regard to spend -- just the investment spend in the third quarter, to understand, you stepped up investments, but the rate of, I guess, SG&A margin was still higher in Q3 than it was in the prior 2 quarters. So was that all reflective of higher investment spending? 
Patrick Guido: Brian, the vast majority of it was investment, about 2/3 of it. But then we did have some FX headwinds that impacted our SG&A by about 30 basis points. But it was predominantly investment. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. And this is Stuart. So I'll just offer, the SG&A outcome in the third quarter was not a surprise. We planned this, and we saw opportunity to lean in farther in certain areas as we saw the strong top line and, in particular, the beat on the gross margin materializing. So investors should view this as the management team leaning into where we see opportunity to fuel growth into the future. And I would say, stepping back from that, we're really pleased with where we're going to land the year and achieve SG&A leverage for a 12-month period for the first time in several years. So this is, I think, evidence of the management team managing the business dynamically while still delivering on the strategic goals that we set out. And you should expect us to be able to deliver SG&A leverage each year as we march towards 2020 and beyond. 
Brian Nagel: If I could just ask 1 bigger picture follow-up question. Clearly, your entire enterprise is still in the very early stages of growth, and it's a dynamic model. But as we're watching e-commerce now really track very, very well, and I think that someone else pointed out in prior question, well ahead of even the goals you had laid out recently, how -- does that at all cause you to rethink or to think differently about the store model or the store layout? 
Stuart Haselden: No. I think the -- what you've seen us do over the last several years in terms of adapting new store formats is really building a more agile model to be able to execute a retail a brick-and-mortar strategy tailored to each market in the most effective manner. And what we're seeing on these colocated and experiential stores is more a next chapter in our retail journey where we're going to be able to create exciting space for us to introduce new product categories powerfully as well as create new in-store experiences for our guests that we see shaping more exciting experiences and higher levels of engagement broadly. 
Operator: This concludes the time allocated for the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Howard Tubin for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining us today, everyone. Happy holidays. And we look forward to speaking to you in a few months when we report our fourth quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Glenn Murphy, Chairman of the Board; Calvin McDonald, our new CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO; PJ Guido, CFO; Celeste Burgoyne, EVP of America, is also with us and will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but, which by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors Section of our website, www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the second quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now, I would like to turn the call over to Glenn. 
Glenn Murphy: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everybody. We had a very strong second quarter and because of that, I thought I'd just make a couple of brief remarks at the beginning, and then pass the call on to a number of speakers you're going to hear from today, including our new CEO, Calvin McDonald. 
 Obviously, I want to acknowledge the performance. The second quarter of this fiscal year was very strong. And it was very strong across all facets of the business whether that's across different product categories, our channels of contact with our guests and across all our markets. That was just a very impressive second quarter result for lululemon. 
 And because of that, I want to thank people who made the contribution and made this happen. And that's our management team, that's our educators, that's all other employees, whether distribution center, call centers, in our offices, who work together to produce these results. In particular, I do want to single out Celeste, Stuart and Sun, who stepped in and basically stepped up 6 months ago, and their leadership to the people I've identified earlier across our entire company. Their leadership, their focus really played an incredible role in the results that you're going to hear about later on. So I want to thank them on behalf of the Board of Directors.
 And now I want to welcome Calvin McDonald. This is Calvin's first call with investors and analysts, first of many. He is really in an enviable position because the business is performing well, and he will agree and so will everybody else here from today, there's always more we can do. There's always more opportunities for our business. But because we're in a strong position today, Calvin can take his time. He can do a lot of listening. He can meet with people. He can understand our strategy and our processes and our operations and what makes the company tick. So that's a nice position to be in. 
 And he has full confidence of the board. We did a very exhaustive search, and we really believe he clearly is the right CEO for the future for the company and will take us from strength to strength.
 So with that said, I want to welcome to the second quarter analyst call and investor call, Calvin McDonald, the new CEO of lululemon. Calvin? 
Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Glenn, for the introduction and for the support you have provided me as I jumped into my new role. I'm very excited to speak with you from Vancouver as a member of the lululemon team. As this is only my second week on the job, I'll keep my comments brief. 
 First and foremost, I'd like to congratulate the team on the tremendous results we've just posted for quarter 2 and the strong momentum we're now seeing into quarter 3. I'm very excited to now be part of helping to create the next chapter of growth at lululemon as we continue to build on this success. 
 Stuart and PJ will take you through the details of our quarter 2 results and forward guidance. But first, let me offer some color on what attracted me to lululemon and my initial impressions after 10 days on the job.
 Being the CEO of lululemon is my dream job. I've chosen to focus my career on retail and brand building because I love to work with people, create product and innovate. I'm also an athlete. The opportunity to combine my professional passions with my personal ambitions is what makes this opportunity so exciting.
 Firstly, the people of lululemon are an especially inspirational group, which has been very clear to me over the past 2 weeks. The unique culture with its focus on leadership, personal development and driving results is at the root of our success. It's both humbling and energizing to join such a talented group, and I look forward to working with the leadership team to help take us to the next level. 
 Secondly, the product at lululemon is exceptional. I've been an avid guest for years and a fan of the product. I believe the quality, fabric, fit and technical innovation stand far above our competitors. It's very exciting to keep building on these unique attributes and help develop into new areas.
 And finally, the innovation at lululemon is a core component of the DNA. The brand is iconic and our guests have given us permission to think about how we expand our offering to them in both product and services. When combined with the talent on this team, the future opportunities are very exciting. I look forward to how we continue to develop our guest ecosystem, connected via digital across all of our channels and geographies and extending our capabilities in loyalty where we have an opportunity to create something that is first unique and will further differentiate our brand. The combination of these elements, people, product and innovation are really my passion, and I'm thrilled to see where we can take them here at lululemon.
 Before I pass it over to Stuart, I'll conclude by telling you how I plan to spend my initial time at the company. I feel it's important to meet as many people in the organization as possible. In my initial weeks and months, I'll spend time in every part of the organization: in stores, our store support centers, our distribution centers and our guest education centers. My approach is to listen and to learn as much as possible about the organization and our guests from the teams across the company and to become grounded in all things lululemon.
 This is an exciting time indeed to be joining lululemon. It's good to speak with you all today, and I look forward to getting to know you over the coming weeks and months. 
 And with that, I'll now hand it over to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. Let me also welcome you to lululemon. We're really excited to have you join the team and look forward to working with you on our next phase of growth. 
 Our second quarter results mark another important step in the journey toward our 2020 goals as well as the continuation of the top line inflection that began last year and we now see extending into Q3, which is reflected in our sales outlook for the quarter.
 In fact, we're now tracking to meet or even exceed a $4 billion revenue goal with men's and e-commerce effectively ahead of schedule. Our product assortments and supply chain work continue to exceed expectations, contributing to our gross margin that is now firmly reaching the mid-50s range. This result, combined with our solid SG&A management, has produced a trailing 12-month EBIT margin of nearly 21%, delivering on our goal of a low 20s operating profit. And it's important for our investors to understand that we still see opportunity for margin expansion as we further invest in these already successful initiatives, including expanding our e-commerce business, segmenting our supply chain, reducing lead times and expanding our distribution network. We believe our margins can continue to expand into the future. 
 Turning to the headlines for Q2. We saw a broad-based acceleration in our business across an array of categories, channels and geographies. We had said on the Q1 call that our great results in that period were not simply a case of lapping weak prior year comparisons, and our Q2 results continued the story, reflecting the success of our ongoing structural investments. 
 Combined comps for the quarter increased 19% on top of a 7% increase last year. This top line growth, along with significant improvements in gross margin and SG&A, delivered an 82% increase in EPS for the quarter. By channel, we saw store comps increase 10% and digital was up 47% versus a strong prior year comparison. 
 This continued strength in our comps reflects the success we are seeing in our guest acquisition that increased 30% in the quarter and is fueling traffic increases across all channels. Specifically in stores, we saw a high single-digit lift in traffic while traffic to our e-commerce site grew over 20%. Improved product assortments and better brand and community building efforts, including several successful activations, also contributed to these strong traffic trends. 
 We're also particularly pleased with the ongoing strength in e-commerce, which posted double-digit conversion and [ AOV ] increases in Q2 as our digital business continues to benefit from last year's site relaunch in Q3. Our guest is responding well to the improved experience, and we still see opportunities to remove friction and increase efficiency on the site as we continue to improve the search and checkout functions as well as expand further into personalization.
 Our product assortments also performed well across practically every category in Q2, with double-digit increases across women's, men's and accessories. Women's pants, which is our highest margin category, along with men's pants, both posted comps over 30%. And women's tops generated another healthy double-digit increase as we gain traction in this category. It's also exciting to see accessories delivering its strongest quarterly comps in the last 5 years at over 20%. 
 And Q2 saw several successful brand activations. An important moment for all of us here at lululemon was how we celebrated International Day of Yoga. Stores in more than 50 cities around the world hosted successful yoga classes on June 21 and we donated over $1 million through our Here to Be social impact program. We are incredibly proud of Here to Be, which benefits nonprofit groups that increase access to yoga and meditation for communities that face barriers to wellbeing. We continue to invest in this program to effect positive change in the communities around the globe where we work and live.
 Turning now to our growth pillars. I'd like to offer some details on our strategic priorities, which continue to be extending our success in our digital channels, ramping our international expansion with a near-term focus on Asia, innovating our product assortments with a focus on accelerating growth in men's and continuing to roll out stores in North America that build on our important store format innovations. 
 Our teams continue to deliver great results across these areas, which is setting the stage for our next chapters of growth. I'll share some highlights on our progress within each of these pillars now.
 In digital, it's exciting to see our momentum continuing to build. Excluding the warehouse sale from last year's results, the constant dollar comp was 65% for Q2. And as I mentioned, traffic and conversion continue to be strong as both new and existing guests are responding well to enhanced online experience. Over the last 12 months, we've doubled the number of guests with whom we can communicate, and in Q2, we saw 80% growth in our e-mail file. 
 We continue to see significant opportunities to enhance our digital guest experience. You've heard us talk about improvements we're making this year in checkout, search and personalization. Let me offer a couple of updates here. 
 In checkout, in Q2, we saw a significant increase in the percentage of guests completing the checkout process, reflecting ongoing tactical improvements to the site. And in personalization, we now have our initial data scientist teams embedded within our brand teams who helped deliver insights used to inform and drive our successful Father's Day campaign. We are making steady progress here and expect to see ongoing improvements over the next several quarters. 
 Turning to our international business. Our combined comps in Asia increased 50% this quarter as we continue to build momentum in the region. And importantly, in China, our e-commerce business continues to lead the way with a comp increase of over 200%. We lost our WeChat store in China in Q2 and remain on track to launch e-commerce sites in Korea and Japan later this year.
 In Europe, comps were again better than planned, an increase in the strong double digits. While we still have much work to do in this region, we're excited to see that our brand is resonating. We opened our first store in Sweden in a key destination city, in Stockholm. And in London this quarter, we hosted another successful Sweatlife Festival in which we partnered with 13 studios to offer over 250 classes and attracted over 4,500 guests.
 Within product, we lead with innovation and continue to find success in our core classifications as we leverage our key franchises, including a line for women and ABC for men. Guests are also responding well to our newer office travel commute styles, including the on-the-fly collection, which offers versatile and "away from the body" silhouettes. 
 Our men's business continues to accelerate, reaching a total penetration of 22% in the quarter with great new styles planned for the second half. And looking forward to fall, we're really excited for the expansion of our outerwear business. Despite the heat in August, we're already getting great initial reads on our early jacket and outerwear offerings.
 And our North American stores continue to post impressive results with store traffic accelerating sequentially for the past 5 quarters and now extending into the early part of Q3. We opened 4 net new stores and completed 7 co-located remodels in Q2. We expect to open approximately 40 new locations in total by year end. In addition, we're seeing great success with our seasonal store strategy with 23 opened at the end of Q2 and plans to more than double that number into Q4. 
 We also remain on track with our "buy online, pick up in store" initiative, which will begin to roll out later this year. Combined with the ship from store and our [ BBR or endless aisle ] store app, these omnichannel capabilities allow us to better serve our guests, while also leveraging inventory across both our store and e-commerce channels. 
 I also want to highlight our integrated brand building efforts. We are now better able to combine the power of our community model with the improving power of our digital capabilities to better deliver our message to our new and existing guests. In Q2, building on last year's success, we sponsored 10k runs in Toronto and Edmonton. Across both races, we saw over 13,000 runners participate, including 4 Olympians, and garnered 9 million impressions on social media.
 Looking forward to Q3, we will continue our global outreach via a collaboration with Francesca Hayward of The Royal Ballet in London, and we are thrilled about our plans to celebrate our 20th birthday, which started this month and continues through September. Without giving too much away, we plan a truly integrated celebration, which includes digital in-store events and a special capsule collection, a fitting way for us to recognize and celebrate our brand over the last 20 years while looking ahead to the next chapter.
 Before PJ provides the details on our financial results, I wanted to offer a few final comments. While we are pleased with our current performance, we're laser focused on leveraging this momentum to enable a strong 2019 and beyond. Specifically, we are making a number of investments in the second half of the year, which PJ will speak to that will help us test strategies to potentially scale into next year. These tests consider multiple parts of our business, including experiential retail, digital guest engagement and conversion drivers across all channels. More to follow on this, but we are excited to build on our current success with these investments to help shape our future. 
 And finally, I'd like to thank Glenn for support during our transition period, and I especially want to thank Celeste and Sun for their invaluable leadership in driving these incredible results. We're now excited to have Calvin on board and look forward to supporting his transition. 
 And importantly, we'd all like to express much gratitude to our teams and our educators in particular around the world. It is only through their hard work that any of this is possible.
 I will now turn it over to PJ. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Stuart. Our brand-building efforts, guest engagement and innovative product offering continued to translate into very strong financial performance. Before I offer some highlights of that performance, I will refer you to the financial supplement posted on our investor site for additional details. 
 For Q2, total net revenue rose 25% to $724 million, driven by great execution across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 10% comp store increase on top of the 2% increase in Q2 of last year. Lululemon-branded stores square footage increased 13% versus last year, driven by the addition of 42 net new lululemon stores since Q2 of 2017.
 During the quarter, we opened 4 net new lululemon stores. In our digital channel, we saw strong traffic and higher conversion that resulted in a 47% comp increase. For the quarter, e-comm contributed $167 million of top line or 23% of total revenue. I will note that the impact of foreign exchange increased revenues by $2.8 million for the quarter. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $396 million or 54.8% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 51.6% of net revenue in Q2 2017. The gross profit rate in Q2 increased 320 basis points versus adjusted gross margin last year.
 This exceeded our expectations for the quarter and was driven primarily by the following: a 260-basis-point increase in overall product margin resulting from lower product cost, favorability in product mix and lower markdowns versus last year. We are particularly pleased that this increase comes on top of a 260-basis-point improvement in product margin last year.
 In addition, we realized 70 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation, a result of the strong top line results. We also saw a 20-basis-point favorable impact related to foreign exchange in the quarter. This was partially offset by a 30-basis-point increase in product and supply chain administrative expense. 
 Moving down the P&L. SG&A expense was $262 million or 36.2% of net revenue compared to 38.8% of net revenue for the same period last year. We are pleased that we are able to deliver leverage significantly higher than our expectations.
 More efficient spend in both our FSC and store channel, coupled with leverage from higher-than-planned sales generated approximately 280 basis points of leverage. This was partially offset by 20 basis points related to foreign exchange. 
 Operating income for the quarter was approximately $134 million or 18.5% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 12.8% net revenue in Q2 2017. This represents a marked improvement in overall operating profitability of 570 basis points. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $40 million or 29.5% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 29.9% a year ago.
 Normalized for charges related to last year's ivivva restructuring, the adjusted effective tax rate for Q2 2017 was 29.6%. Net income for the quarter was approximately $96 million or $0.71 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.36 for the second quarter of 2017. Excluding charges related to the ivivva restructuring, adjusted EPS in Q2 2017 was $0.39. 
 Capital expenditures were approximately $50 million for the quarter compared to approximately $30 million in the second quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to IT investment in supply chain, data and analytics and further enhancements to our e-commerce platform in addition to new store builds and store renovations. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $778 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory grew 24% in line with sales and was $393 million at the end of Q2. 
 Pursuant to a $600 million share repurchase authorization put in place in June, we repurchased a total of 3.4 million shares at a total cost of $406 million during the quarter. This included our participation in a block trade executed by one of our largest shareholders, Advent International. 
 As part of Advent's total sale of 10 million shares, we were able to repurchase 3.3 million shares at a total cost of approximately $400 million.
 Due to the opportunistic timing of the trade, we used a combination of available cash and short-term borrowings to fund the repurchase. As a result, we ended the quarter with $100 million of debt under our revolving credit facility, which has since been fully repaid. We expect to end the year with a debt-free balance sheet and continue to evaluate further share repurchases through a broader capital allocation lens that balances working capital, investments and shareholder return considerations. We had $193 million of remaining authorization under the current share repurchase program at the end of Q2. 
 Turning now to our outlook. Given our momentum and the recognition of what is currently working to drive our business, we are taking up our guidance for the year. And as a reminder, 2018 is a 53-week year for us. For Q3, we expect revenues to be in the range of $720 million to $730 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low teens on a constant-dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2017. This also assumes 10 new store openings in the quarter.
 We anticipate gross margin to increase by approximately 100 basis points versus Q3 of last year. Although we are anniversarying strong increases in product margin, we are still very focused on further gross margin expansion through incremental reduction and average unit cost, driven by ongoing supply chain initiatives and scale efficiencies.
 We expect to deleverage SG&A in Q3 by approximately 100 basis points. As you think about SG&A, please recall our comments from prior earnings calls regarding our expectation for SG&A pressure in Q3 related to strategic investments, including technology enhancements, data analytics, channel innovation and guest acquisition, the impact of which is heavier in Q3. Additionally, the strong momentum we're seeing in our business offers us an opportunity to further fuel growth in initiatives that are working for us as well as testing initiatives across guest and channel that have the potential to become additional revenue drivers going forward.
 Assuming a tax rate of 30% and 133 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.67 versus adjusted EPS of $0.56 a year ago.
 For the full year 2018, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.185 billion to $3.235 billion. This is also based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low teens on a constant-dollar basis. 
 We expect to open approximately 40 company operated lululemon stores in 2018. This includes 20 to 25 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low double digits. We now expect gross margin for the year to expand 100 to 150 basis points in 2018, primarily driven by the continued product margin improvement and leverage on occupancy and other fixed costs.
 Despite the investments we are making in Q3 to fuel future growth, we are still expecting SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly as we continue to realize efficiencies within our cost structure while leveraging investments in technology, brand building and people.
 We now expect our fiscal year 2018 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.53. Our EPS guidance is based on 134 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year. We also expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30% in 2018. We continue to analyze the impact of U.S. tax reform and its overall implications for capital deployment. We have assumed the Canadian dollar at CAD 0.765 to the U.S. dollar for 2018 as well as Q3.
 We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $240 million close to $250 million for the fiscal year 2018. The increase relative to 2017 reflects a ramp-up of our store renovation and relocation program, increased store openings in international markets, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects.
 In closing, I would like to call out our store, digital and product teams who are all working in unison to elevate lululemon globally. I, too, would like to thank Glenn for his leadership during this pivotal period and also welcome Calvin to the team. There's a great deal to be excited about around here. And it is not very hard to acknowledge that the best days for this company have yet to come.
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: You've all delivered a really stunning level of acceleration in your comp performance, and it's not like 2017 or 2016 comps were terrible by any measure. But the acceleration is just so striking this year, and I'm wondering if you can sort of unpack it a little bit for us and help us understand what has really changed in the business that has driven this really accelerated level of growth. Anything that you could sort of -- any color you could add, I think, would be helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: Kimberly, it's Stuart. So let me speak to your question. So it really is a story around traffic in our stores. And with our e-commerce business, it's a story of traffic and conversion. And the underlying drivers of those traffic results are important to note. We mentioned on the call that we've seen 5 quarters of accelerating traffic trends in our stores, and that's not slowing down as we now enter the third quarter. And we've spoken about this to a degree on prior calls. We did launch or implement new guest engagement strategies, really last year. In particular, in the third quarter of last year, we implemented new technology at POS that enabled our store teams to more effectively engage with our guests and capture e-mail and capture information, making them a part of our guests file and enabling us then to enroll them in digital communications, digital marketing that we just didn't have before. At the same time, we have raised our game. We're more sophisticated with how we are in fact engaging in digital marketing. We're leveraging new CRM capabilities. We're taking the initial steps in data analytics to be able to leverage personalization strategies into how we're engaging with our guests. That is driving traffic both to our stores and to our website. And then on the e-commerce side, I'm sure you'll recall the recovery efforts that we went -- that we followed -- or we pursued, rather, last year, which culminated in the relaunch of our website at the end of the third quarter. The improvements to the website have been really the drivers of the improvements in conversion that we've seen. That story extends into 2018. And it will likely extend into 2019. So we focused on checkout, search, personalization on the website as the areas where we can continue to drive those converging gains. And as you look at the second quarter, if you exclude the online warehouse sale from last year, [ the comp ] in our e-commerce was really driven equally by traffic and conversion. So those are the strategies that we have developed and implemented in the recent period that has delivered this acceleration in our traffic trends. And so we're excited to see a number of ways to extend those to make them bigger, to amplify them, to take them forward and we feel like we're really just getting started. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I wanted to talk a little bit about the supply side of the equation. So I think, Stuart, at our conference, you had talked about the new distribution center that I think is going to be in Toronto as well as the Haiti manufacturing facility from a third party. So can you kind of help us understand or frame how much faster to market you can be with some of these new resources? And particularly, as you get into Christmas where you're so high volume, if that will have any impact by that time frame? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. There really are 2 separate issues, Sharon. And the first one, with regard to the DC, the new DC that we're opening up out in Toronto, will really help us improve the service commitments and the service experience of our guests in Eastern Canada. It will create additional strategic flexibility for us to evaluate more broadly across North America, how we leverage our distribution footprint. And that's something that we continue to explore. We can speak with more specificity in future calls. So we're excited about that, and that will yield a benefit in our gross margin and we'll likely be able to again speak with more specificity there into the future. As we look at the sourcing strategy and how we're leveraging nearshore capabilities, and you mentioned Haiti, and that's among a number of elements of that strategy that we are pursuing. We're very excited to be able to begin exploring and implementing a meaningful portion of our supplier base in geographies that will help us shrink and shorten our supply shipping times. So that's a result that we're just now beginning to see some of the benefits of. I would see that as a multi-year strategy that we haven't yet quantified exactly how much in terms of the time advantage it will create for us. But suffice it to say, we're very excited about it. At this point in the western hemisphere, meaning the Americas and Caribbean, we source about 9% of our total production. And so we're excited to see that grow into the future. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: I guess, Stuart, your trailing 12-month gross margin is now in the mid-50s, which will be the higher end of the initial 2020 plan. The 21% EBIT margin would be at the lower end of the low to mid-20s that you originally laid out. I guess help us to think about the operating margin opportunity as we think about the next 2 years? Maybe just split between what you see on the gross margin front versus SG&A leverage opportunity. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. We're really thrilled with the results that we've been able to generate in gross margin. It has exceeded our expectations. And we do see it as the new margin architecture that we'll take forward. We see additional benefits, as we said on the call, in a number of areas within our sourcing strategies, our distribution strategies and then just leveraging the fixed cost elements of our gross margin from sales increases. So what I would say is there's modest improvements that we see being able to capture in both gross margin and SG&A over the next couple of years, which would accrue to modest improvements in the run rate of our EBIT margin. And I think we're excited about our strategies and the potential of the business beyond 2020, and that's something that we're looking forward to speaking with our investors in more detail at year end as we will be able to share an updated view of our long-term plans. But at this point, comfortable with modest improvements continuing for the next couple of years. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up on the e-commerce. So e-commerce accelerated pretty materially on a stacked basis. I guess as we think about that $4 billion 2020 plan and beyond, I guess, any change in the size or mix of e-commerce, what's the best way to think about the size and mix of e-commerce in that 20 billion, 24 billion maybe versus how it was originally laid? And just the other piece would be the profitability delta among channels. How best to think about that? 
Stuart Haselden: I think from an e-com standpoint, right now, we see continued acceleration or a continued outpacing of our store business with our e-commerce business, if you will. We continue to expect to see e-commerce grow faster than our store business. The composition of that is -- will be largely the same across both channels in terms of the mix of product categories. And we also expect to see benefits from the mix or the EBIT margin line as the e-commerce business continues to grow bigger. It is a more profitable business, and we'll have a mix benefit there. And again, I think we'll be able to reset our view on the long term at year end when we give that update on the long-term vision. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick of RBC Capital Markets. 
Brian Tunick: Curious, I guess, about the implied fourth quarter gross margins. I think only up, I don't know, 20 basis points. Is that a function of either tougher supply chain compares or a mix of business maybe away from the bottoms to more outwear? Maybe just talk a little about as we look ahead to what's implied in the fourth quarter gross margins? And then just curious on the international side. As you mix in more digital versus bricks-and-mortar, how are you thinking about the time it would take for the international business to be less dilutive? Is there a revenue target or sales or number of stores? Anything to help us think about when that could be more similar to the domestic profitability? 
Patrick Guido: Brian, it's PJ. So on your question about Q4 gross margin, yes, I think what we've been seeing is higher [indiscernible] given our women's pants business has really been on fire. We are not planning for it to be as robust as it has been if it does continue. We have the inventory to meet demand and we have the flex in the business but that's one thing. And then the other thing you mentioned, it is a tougher compare to last year, the gross margin and yes, we -- I think the combination of those 2 things hopefully that helps you kind of plug your model. I'll ask Stuart to answer the question about international. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Brian. We remain really excited about international, and we're seeing strong growth in Asia in particular. We expect as that business grows, it will improve or it is improving from a bottom line profitability standpoint. You'll recall that we had mentioned that Asia will be soundly profitable, generating strong profits this year so that in combination with the profits from Australia, the international business overall, inclusive of Europe, is profitable this year. And so that will only continue to accelerate as we capture scale economies in Asia. We're also very encouraged by the Europe business and the double-digit comps that we are seeing there, and maybe I'll invite Celeste to offer some comments. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Yes. In Asia to start with, we ended the quarter with a 50% combined comp. Really seeing strong momentum in both stores and digital, which is good to see and make us feel good about the momentum we also have going into Q3. In China, we launched our WeChat store, which we're really happy with the initial results and we have an aggressive plan for how digital will lead us into the future in China specifically. A really big highlight from a community perspective, we have Unroll China, which happens beginning this Saturday and going through the month of September. For Unroll China, we'll take yoga across China with stops in 13 key cities, including Shanghai, Nanjing and other key Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. So again, really excited about the momentum we saw in Q2, and really continuing to double down in both stores and digital to shift into the momentum that we know is possible for us in Asia in particular. And in Europe, again, it's strong Q2. A couple of highlights. I mean, that business really also supported through a very strong core London business, which has been our focus in the quarter. We had Sweatlife Festival happening, which brought together 4,000 people for a day of development sweat and community. So really happy with those results. And Regent Street, just for an example, actually finished the quarter with a comp of over 50%. So really excited about, yes, what we're seeing in terms of the momentum in those markets. And we have a lot of plans in terms of really doubling down and continuing that growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to ask a question of Calvin, if possible. Sephora really has been a leader in personalization and merging the physical and digital shopping experience. So I was hoping you could speak to your view of Lulu's opportunity on those fronts and really what the vision -- your vision for what Lulu could look like in 2 to 3 years' time and whether you think an acceleration in digital investments is needed to get there? And along those lines, I think it was mentioned of some strategies that are being invested in right now to test I guess some things for next year, if you could maybe speak to the top couple that we could look forward to. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark. Well, why don't I start off. I'll hand the last part of the question over to Stuart, but I'll start off with sharing some of the similarities that I think exist between lululemon and the Sephora business. And the first one is the culture and values of both organizations. Lululemon is made up of an incredible strong talented group of individuals that are highly engaged, and that's across the entire organization. And retail is a people business. And when you have that level of engagement from stores to Store Support Centre, our ability to bring this brand to life and continue to build and develop it as a lovemark is very unique in retail and it's something that both organizations share. There's this notion or spirit of a disruptive innovator and I mentioned that, that's core to the DNA. And at lululemon, it is really throughout the entire organization. If you go back 20 years from how we came to be and that disruption and what was innovated to today, it lives throughout the organization and it's something that is within how we do things and it allows us to just approach problems differently and to think differently and it's a very strong similarity. Third, I'd say, both organizations put the guest at the center of all decisions of how we think about solving problems, how we think about growing and developing and innovating. And I think that's key to the success of a business today, that barriers and silos don't truly exist in the organizations. It's all about what's right for the guest regardless of the point of view or the areas of the business that, that leader may be leading, how they come forward is critical. And finally, and it builds to, I think, the point you are making, which is both have the ability to be exceptional and are exceptional experiential retailers. The product logically extends itself to creating something truly unique in this space where it's that connection between both heart and mind and how we activate that product through experiences only enhances what it is we sell, and we can do it through unique experiences that are truly differentiated and take full advantage of the relationship we have with our guests and the model that we have. So for me, there are a ton of similarities, and you alluded to some of the successes that we had over the 5 years that I worked at Sephora, and I believe many of those, the notion of creating this experiential ecosystem that connects across all of our channels and how we think of digital to do that exists at lululemon. And it has, more importantly, the core foundation to not only celebrate where we are today, but to think about how we continue to extend and build that forward. So I'm super excited about those core foundational strengths. There are a ton of similarities both in how the organizations are wired but how the guests interact with the brand and the [ permission ] that the brand has, and that's what I am really excited to learn, to listen and then work with this leadership team to author our next chapter of growth beyond the 2020 plan, which is equally exciting. And I'll let Stuart sort of comment on progress to that. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. And you guys heard PJ mention in the prepared remarks, we're making -- we explained a number of investments that we are executing in important areas of the business, data analytics, product, guest engagement that account for about half of the deleverage that we described. I'd say there's about another quarter of the deleverage that's related to more opportunistic tests that we have pursued in light of the strong business momentum that we have. And that's in areas that includes additional digital marketing investments, new elements of our seasonal store strategy, new store conversion [ thrusts ] and an interesting holiday delivery test. So all those are things that we're excited to have the opportunity to pursue. And the balance of the deleverage is really related to FX gains that we're now lapping. What I would say is if you exclude those elements, we would certainly be offering leverage on the low teens guidance that we offered. And so it's really an opportunistic place that we're in to be able to pursue the investments given the strength of our profitability gains. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Quick question, Calvin. The accomplishments that you've had in previous positions and I've studied and watched them, the things you've done with the loyalty program. How do you think of what you've had from previous positions to help Sephora -- to help lululemon whether it's the loyalty programs? What you see out there as some of the opportunities? And then, Stuart, as you talk about some of the new experiential influences that the business could have, how you see that in terms of the real estate landscape? 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Dana. I've had a lot of conversations already with the leadership team and the teams across the organization. I would tell you, there is a ton of work that has been -- taken place and a lot of enthusiasm around many of the areas that you've identified as opportunities of strength and opportunities to do even more than we're doing today. And for me, what I've enjoyed and it's been 2 weeks, and I'm intending to take the opportunity over the next 100 days to continue to be curious and continue to work and ask the questions and to listen. But what I've really gotten excited about is the -- those similarities again between the businesses. And as I share my experiences, my general view is experiences at this point are to be shared and opinions are to be formed. And I'm really sharing the experiences and having incredible conversations with energetic talented teams that see a lot of the same similarities to continue to build that guest experience through the work happening around experiential, to think about how to further enhance the love that our guests have for our brands through loyalty. And loyalty is just the affection they have for the brand and there's a variety of ways in which we can do that. And digitally, how to continue the great work that the team has done, and how we look and think about augmenting and adding to the relationship we have with them and strengthen it even further. So what I would tell you is there's a lot of work that has been happening and people are working towards. And I'm excited about how a lot of the experiences in the work that I did at Sephora is very relevant here, and excited to work with this team over the coming period to continue those conversations form sort of the next plan of growth of which we'll share at a later point in time. 
Stuart Haselden: Dana, Stuart. I'm going to actually pass your question to Celeste on our experiential retail strategies. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Dana, so we've begun to see some exciting potential for expanding our offerings to our guests. We really started with focusing on Queen Street and Flatiron, and we're seeing exciting potential through these locations. It does show its opportunity for us to expand these ideas more broadly across our business in the future. And to Stuart's point, we have some tests happening in Q3 and Q4, which will definitely allow us to learn more about what's possible for us as we look into the future. And then outside of Queen Street and Flatiron, we're really pleased with what we are seeing in the co-located expansions from last year as well as the new ones we've opened this year. In Q2, we opened up 7 co-located stores, and they are averaging over 40% growth and close to 70% growth in men's in particular since open. This gives us confidence as we look to open an additional 18 this year and more into next as well. And it really allows us to engage with our guests in a bigger, more powerful and more engaging way. So again, kind of one example of how we are testing into experiential, and we're really focused on leveraging the different store formats that we have innovatively used in communities across North America. That, on top of the community work our stores do and the connection to the local ambassadors, really allows us to see a great future of going deeper into the experiential world. That again, excited to learn more and share more as we go through that journey. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, can you talk about the pipeline for store openings in 2019? What's already locked and loaded in terms of the mix between U.S. versus Europe versus Asia? And then, Calvin, I'm curious. I'm sure you come into the organization with some ideas of what's the next level looks like. I'm curious where you think lulu might actually be punching below its weight as you think about the next level? 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. So store opening drive for 2019, what I'd say is you should think about our real estate expansion from a square footage growth standpoint. And the reason I say that is for the reasons that Celeste just highlighted with the importance of our co-located strategy this year and into next year. You're going to see low double-digit increases in square footage for us. You're going to continue to see a healthy number of new store openings in North America although those are diminishing versus prior years. You're going to see an increasing number of new store openings in Asia in particular and international broadly. So you'll see the balance of new store openings shift from North America to international. And you'll see a healthy mix of co-located projects and new store projects. So -- and with that, I'll turn it to Calvin for your second question. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I mean, I will -- I'll share just a couple of observations that I would've had as a guest. So my experience within Sephora and what that business had built as we doubled it over the time that I was there and scaled it, to my experience as a guest. And then I'll end with my first 10 days inside the organization because the views are very different. I think there is, including the results that support this. There is a lot of good that's happening in this business and the guests are responding in a very positive way, which is driving the results. We all would agree, and when I was looking outside in, that we have a real big opportunity internationally, in particular in Asia. And it's one that the team feels is a growth potential, a disproportionate growth for this business and brand. Experiential, how our stores are more experiential than they are today. The loyalty ecosystem, how the guest loves the brand today, but how can we build upon that in an even more innovative way. And community, which is something that quite frankly, lululemon created 20 years ago and it's such a powerful strength to the organization. And how do we do more? What I would tell you is my 2 weeks in joining in the conversations, these aren't insights I bring that were ahas to this organization. They were well aware of their strengths and the opportunities. And this leadership team has been working towards developing and innovating behind these pillars. What I'm excited about is how my experiences in the 5 years at Sephora and the journey that we went through as we doubled the business, as we invested and doubled down and led in some of these areas that I can work with them and the great work that they've already started and begun to author that next chapter. So I think everybody on the management team is super excited about the results and the plans and where the brand in the business can continue to innovate and go. Equally, I am and these are areas that my experience at Sephora will allow sort of thought partnership with this team as we continue to create moving forward. And that I'm super excited about. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: I want to talk about women's pants because a 30% comp is truly outstanding, and that's on top of several years of really strong results in that business. And you're prudently not expecting that growth or that strength to continue, but you probably didn't expect the strength that you've seen over the last 3 years, so I was wondering how your thoughts on the TAM of your women's business has evolved from this kind of strength. And two, how you think about share of closet with this kind of strength occurring? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So you're right, the performance in women's pants has exceeded our expectations. And it's pretty remarkable that the fabric, the new Lulu fabric for our #1 style, the lined pants that we just introduced 3 years ago, has eclipsed Luon and the wunder under that the company was really built on in many ways. So what it speaks to and what -- the insight that we take from that, the profound insight we take from that, is that innovation matters. And that where we innovate in fabric, in function, in technical performance, it opens avenues for growth that in many ways, are boundless. So we don't really know how big that market is. And it would be somewhat shortsighted for us to try put a limit on it at this point given we've been wrong with our plans certainly this year. And the overall success of that fabric and that pant. And you know what? We think we can make it better and we're already in that work and there are new versions of that fabric that we will be introducing next year into the sequential years. So that's one of the things that gets us excited about not only our women's business, but our business overall. So I'm not sure that exactly answers your question. But -- and I would say broadly speaking, you heard us mention the "on the fly" franchise that we're introducing, which is helping us take that technical functionality into our "office, travel, commute" offerings. And so much the same way that the ABC pant for our guys has given them a great versatile multiuse product that they can take on the plane, they can take from the gym and from the studio. We believe that on the fly will offer the same thing for our female guests. And so super excited with the innovation, and I would be remiss if I didn't also offer one additional comment to Kimberly's original question around what's been driving the overall growth trajectory of the business. Our product assortment has gotten remarkably better. So Sun and the work that the design team and the merchant teams have been leading is absolutely a part of the equation in addition to the other things that I mentioned. So we're thrilled at the improvements in color, in texture, in print that Sun and the team have been delivering. There's so many exciting new product introductions we're going to see in the second half of the year. Outerwear begins to land in stores and online now. We're really thrilled with how that's checking. And there's a number of others that we're really excited for. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I'll now turn the call back over to Howard Tubin for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you in about 3 months when we report our third quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead, sir. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me to talk about our results are Glenn Murphy, Executive Chairman, who's joining us via telephone; and Stuart Haselden, COO. We are also joined today by PJ Guido, our new CFO. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained or implied by these forward-looking statements due to the risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial operating statistics for the first quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn. 
Glenn Murphy: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everybody. I was thinking today as I was preparing for this call, I went on to our website where you can find an infographic of our Q1 results. And the comment I made on the last conference call of laminating Q4's performance was clearly premature. If you read that on our website, you'll see that our revenue was up 25%. I mean, that really speaks to the deepening engagement with existing guests, but equally important, as we invest in digital marketing, how much we've grown our customer acquisition, whether that's in our e-mail file or bringing people in through our app or through the website organically. I mean, our gross margin expansion was greater than 250 basis points. We're a premium brand, but that is still a phenomenal performance. And that really is our -- that's all about product. That's the design team, the merchant team and the supply team working together in a coordinated fashion to produce that kind of result on the gross margin line. 
 We were able to achieve SG&A leverage of 130 basis points. And the business and the leadership team understands we have a growth business here, 25% in the first quarter, growth that is. So we know we have to make investments to drive growth and improve our business. But at the same time, we're committed to looking for efficiencies, and that's where that performance comes through on the SG&A line. When you put that together, first quarter performance on earnings per share was an improvement of greater than 70% versus last year. 
 Now our management team is keenly aware that last year's first quarter results were below the standard we set for ourselves and what this brand can actually deliver quarter in, quarter out. But if you combine it together and look at it, whether it's 2-year way or more whether you look at it stacked, or when you put the 2 quarters together, I mean, all key indicators were very positive, whether that's categories, channels or geographies.
 Now we've been looking at this year, a general look at the first quarter and our performance to date, which Stuart will talk about, in the second quarter, we know we're operating inside of a good global consumer economy, and the athletic sector continues to benefit from really strong macro trends. This is not the athleisure trend, which is a trend inside of the larger macro trend, but which is benefiting our performance and really the entire sector, which is health and wellness. Even that aside, when you look -- with that as a backdrop, I mean, the last 3 quarters have been a stepped-up performance for lululemon when it comes to market share gains, and that's market share gains in our stores and in e-commerce.
 So for me, as I spend time with the team as an interim appointment as Executive Chairman, the board wants to make sure that the management team just continues to push the business forward. And if you look at Q1 -- if you look at Q4, clearly, the data points are that this is indeed happening. And the 3 leaders we have and the people who work alongside of them are definitely pushing the company and challenging everybody inside the business to move forward. 
 And the other part that's important noting for our investors and shareholders and analysts on the phone today, I just came back from a week in Vancouver. And I was sort of looking for signs of possible complacency or overconfidence, and I can tell you nobody in Vancouver or in our stores, our distribution centers or our offices around the world, nobody's doing a victory lap. I mean, there's a senior management team who are heads down, executing on the 2018 strategic initiatives to take our business to a whole other level.
 I thought I'd just pause for a second and give you an update on the CEO search. I mean, it's progressing well. We've met with a number of candidates who are both qualified and interested. The whole board is together next week, and at that time, we will be discussing the candidates who have come forward and really getting agreement on how do we take this to the next level and to a whole another phase of the search, which is more getting closer to completion than trying to find who are the right candidates. I think we can now take this search to the next step. 
 Let me close off by saying on behalf of the Board of Directors, I really want to thank Celeste, Stuart and Sun for their stellar leadership over the past 4 months. I mean, personally, I've thoroughly enjoyed working with them and mostly watching them lead our over 13,000 employees and educators who each in their own way have contributed to this latest surge in guest engagement and to the company's overall performance.
 With that said, let me pass the call over to Stuart, who will take you through more detail on our Q1 2018 performance. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Glenn. Let me reiterate how pleased we are with the performance in Q1. We are successfully executing on our strategies and seeing consistent results across several key parts of the business that are now extending into Q2 and further setting the stage for us to achieve our 2020 goals. 
 While much work remains to be done, we are finding success in driving traffic and conversion increases at both stores and online across diverse geographies. Importantly, the supply chain and technology infrastructure investments we've made over the last few years offer us a stable platform to grow and scale the business globally. And what I'd like our investors to hear is that the success we are seeing now is not merely the lapping of weak prior year comparisons. What we are seeing is important momentum across the core areas of our business in channel, product and guest engagement. This momentum reflects the structural long-term investments that we've made and continue to make to drive the comp and noncomp revenue increases that are enabling us to deliver on our multiyear plans. 
 We would further offer that our current results are a validation of these strategies, and we now have even more opportunity to accelerate these investments in the areas that hold the greatest potential. Let me offer a few highlights from Q1 that illustrate what I'm talking about.
 First, in channel, we saw our investments in our website and mobile capabilities deliver e-commerce conversion increases of 20%. This was further amplified by traffic increases of 30% that were driven by our improved product assortments and digital marketing efforts. Within our stores, this was the second quarter in a row of positive store traffic, which increased in the mid-single-digit range and drove the overall comp results. And we continue to expand our international footprint with store openings in key markets, including Berlin and Seoul. 
 Next, within product, we posted double-digit positive comp increases in our core businesses for both men and women. Bras and accessories achieved double-digit comp growth as well while also accelerating meaningfully versus Q4.
 And finally, in guest engagement, we saw continued success in our community and digital strategies, which contributed to a 28% increase in guest acquisition in the quarter, fueling traffic gains across both stores and e-commerce. These efforts combine to deliver a strong financial result for the first quarter with total revenue growing 25% to $650 million, our combined comps and dollar comp increasing 19%, with stores rising 6% and e-commerce up 60%, gross margin increasing 270 basis points versus adjusted gross margin last year as we saw both product margin expansion and leverage on our occupancy costs. And we are able to leverage SG&A by 130 basis points. These results contributed to a 16% operating margin and EPS of $0.55 or 72% growth versus the same period last year. Given this continued progress, we are confident in our plans for Q2 and the remainder of the year, which is reflected in our updated guidance.
 Looking to the future, we remain firmly on track to achieve our ambition of $4 billion in revenue in 2020. As previously mentioned, the path we're taking to achieve this goal includes product innovation across categories with significant opportunity remaining in men's in particular, expanding the lululemon footprint in both North America and our international markets and continuing to accelerate our digital business. 
 Let me now offer some color on our progress within each of these growth pillars in Q1 and looking forward. We're excited about our product pipeline as we continue to drive category-defining innovation and solve problems for athletes. Some examples include our recently developed Out of Mind short liner in men's made from a lightweight, breathable mesh. This improved liner construction is now offered in our 3 core short styles: Surge,  Pace Breaker and the T.H.E. short, which are all performing extremely well now into Q2. 
 We launched our City Sweat franchise for men, which includes a collection of hoodies and joggers made from our technical French Terry fabric. Guests responded well to this collection in Q1, and this paves the way for further opportunities in our office travel commute category for men's.
 For women, building on the success of Enlite, we see a compelling opportunity in the bra category. We're developing new styles with varying levels of support to broaden our overall assortment. In Q1, we launched the Speed Up Bra featuring a new molded technology, and we have additional styles ready to introduce later this year. We're also excited about our upcoming Embrace Movement collection. This will be a technically driven line of bottoms for women and men offering zone compression, fully leveraging our ongoing work as part of the science of feel. Expect to hear more about this in the fall when we launch the line. 
 Shifting now to our North American stores. We posted another strong quarter with comps up 6%, driven by an accelerating traffic trend versus Q4. And we're happy to see this trend continuing now into Q2, reflecting our momentum in guest acquisition and in-store conversions. 
 Our stores remain among the most productive in apparel retail, which is the direct result of the passion of our educators, our innovative product assortments, agile store formats and connection to our communities. In a moment, I'll discuss our digital business in more detail, but first, I want to say that a big part of our recent success has been our omnichannel focus on serving our guests and our ability to leverage this across channels. We continue to expand in this regard, with ship from store now available in nearly 300 locations. And we remain on track to begin the rollout of buy online, pick up in-store during the second half of the year. 
 Switching now to our business outside of North America where we are still in the early innings of one of our most important growth strategies. Asia continues to lead the way for us, and in Q1, we saw combined comps over 50%, which results in China particularly strong. We successfully opened our third and fourth stores in Seoul, Korea with the most recent opening in the iconic Lotte World Mall. We continue to expect to open 15 to 20 stores in Asia in 2018 and also plan to launch a local e-commerce site in Korea later this year. 
 In Europe, we saw strong growth as well with double-digit comps exceeding our plans. And in addition to the recent store openings in Berlin and Frankfurt, we added to our presence in the U.K. with a new store in Guildford outside of London.
 And finally, I'd like to speak to the exciting progress we're seeing in our digital and e-commerce business. We posted e-commerce comps of 60% on a constant-dollar basis in Q1, driven by strong increases in traffic and conversion. While our comparisons get more difficult in each subsequent quarter in 2018, we are pleased to see strong momentum extending into Q2. Looking at traffic, our digital teams are driving high-quality web and mobile traffic leveraging our e-mail file growth, improving our targeting capabilities and seeing more returned guests. 
 A few stats I'd like to highlight here. Our e-mail file nearly doubled in the quarter. Direct marketing-related traffic to our site increased by more than 60%. And we saw an increase of over 50% in transactions made by existing guests. 
 And as we are finding success in driving higher traffic levels, we're also delivering a better online experience for our guests. We've elevated the overall guest experience with better landing pages, enhanced content and improved navigation and merchandising. 
 We see additional opportunities in this area in the near term. For example, we began streamlining the checkout process in Q1 with further progress planned into Q2 and Q3. And as I said on the last call, we are starting to bring data-driven insights into our core decision-making across the business, but particularly within the digital channel. We're currently developing and rolling out more sophisticated and automated tools, which will allow us to take mobile, search, browse, e-mail and the post-purchase experience to new levels. 
 So overall, we're pleased with our e-commerce results and see progress building towards our strategic goals for this part of the business. 
 A key enabler of our growth and continued guest engagement are the brand activations and events we host in our markets around the world. Building on our strong brand momentum, in Q1, we celebrated International Women's Day through events in key cities around the globe, including Washington, D.C., Melbourne and London. 
 In Q2, to further engage with our run-focused guests, we are sponsoring 10-K races in Toronto and Edmonton, which sold out in less than 24 hours after registration opened. 
 And earlier this month, I'm excited to announce that we launched our 360-degree run-focused campaign, Let Your Mind Run Free. 
 And as you know, one of the hallmarks of our company is our investment in people. We have a long-standing commitment to leadership development, and we continue to roll out programs and experiences for all employees that bring to life the unique aspects of the lululemon culture. 
 Last year, we made a commitment to achieve pay equity for women and men across our organization by the end of 2018. Nearly 80% of our workforce is comprised of women, and we knew this was simply the right thing to do. I'm proud to report that last month, 9 months ahead of schedule, we delivered on this commitment and will maintain this standard moving forward. This puts us in a leadership position among companies across industries. 
 Now before I share the specific details of our financial performance, it's my pleasure to introduce our new Chief Financial Officer, PJ Guido. Some of you may be familiar with PJ given his 15 years of prior experience leading various finance functions at Fortune 500 retail organizations. I'll ask him to say a few words now. PJ, welcome. 
Patrick Guido: Thanks, Stuart, and a warm hello to all those on the call today. I cannot express how energized I am to be joining such a powerful brand and talented team here at lululemon. I look forward to engaging with our investors and many of you on the phone as well in the coming months. 
 So far, I've spent the last few weeks immersed in the business and getting to know the teams across the company. I have even pulled several store shifts, and I can tell you they are absolutely pulsing with energy and excitement. I look forward to working with Stuart, the entire leadership team with those of you in the analyst and investor community. 
 And now I will turn it back to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, PJ. Before I speak to our financials, I'd also like to thank Glenn for his guidance and strategic counsel, and in particular, Celeste and Sun for their partnership during this important time at the company. And speaking for the 4 of us, we want to thank our educators around the world for everything they do to bring lululemon to their guests every day.
 I'll now offer some highlights on Q1, but please see the financial supplement posted on our investor site for additional details. As I mentioned earlier, total net revenue rose 25% to $650 million with the increase in revenue resulting from strong performance across all parts of the business. Our store channel delivered a 6% comp store sales increase on top of a 1% decline in Q1 last year. And in e-commerce, we posted a 60% comp increase. lululemon branded store square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 48 net new lululemon stores since Q1 of 2017. And the impact of foreign exchange increased revenues by $9 million in the quarter. 
 Gross profit for the first quarter is $344.7 million or 53.1% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 50.4% of net revenue in Q1 2017. The gross profit rate in Q1 increased 270 basis points versus adjusted gross margin last year. This exceeded our expectations for the quarter, with the primary driver being a 120 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from favorability in product mix, lower product costs and lower markdowns versus last year. I'm particularly pleased that this increase comes on top of a 380 basis point improvement in product margin last year. 
 We continue to see opportunities to gain cost efficiencies within our supply chain, enabled by several ongoing strategies across sourcing and distribution. In addition, we realized 120 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation and product and supply chain SG&A as a result of the strong top line results. We also saw 30 basis points favorable impact related to foreign exchange in the quarter. 
 SG&A expenses were just over $240 million or 37% of net revenue compared to 38.3% of net revenue for the same period last year. We're pleased that we are able to deliver leverage above the high end of our expectations. More efficient spend in both our SSC and store channel, coupled with leverage from higher-than-planned sales, generated approximately 290 basis points of leverage. This was partially offset by 160 basis points related to foreign exchange, with the majority of deleverage due to the lapping of FX gains in the prior period last year. 
 Operating income for the quarter was approximately $104 million or 16.1% of net revenue compared to an adjusted 12.1% of net revenue in Q1 2017. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was approximately $32 million or 29.9% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 32.6% a year ago. Our tax rate came in 90 basis points higher than we initially expected due to refinements in our estimates under the recent U.S. tax reforms. Normalized for charges related to last year's ivivva restructuring, the adjusted effective tax rate for Q1 2017 was 30.8%. 
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $75.2 million or $0.55 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.23 for the first quarter of 2017. Excluding charges related to the ivivva restructuring, adjusted EPS in Q1 2017 was $0.32. Capital expenditures were approximately $34 million for the quarter compared to approximately $20 million in the first quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to new store renovations and relocation capital. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $967 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $373 million or 23% higher than at the end of Q1 2017.
 Now turning to our updated outlook for the fiscal year 2018 and our outlook for the second quarter. And as a reminder, 2018 is a 53-week year for us. For the full year 2018, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $3.04 billion to $3.075 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the high single-digit range on a constant dollar basis. We continue to expect to open 40 to 50 company-operated lululemon stores in 2018. This includes 20 to 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low double digits. 
 For the year, we continue to expect gross margin to expand modestly, primarily driven by product margin improvement and leverage on occupancy and other fixed costs. We continue to expect SG&A for the full year to leverage modestly as we realize efficiencies within our cost structure. As you think about SG&A for the full year, please recall my comments from the Q4 call regarding our expectation for SG&A pressure in Q3. We plan to make certain discrete investments that will create some SG&A headwind in the quarter. 
 We now expect our fiscal year 2018 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.18. Our EPS guidance is based on 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. We also expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 30% in 2018. This is slightly higher than our previous guidance of 29% and is a result of the previously mentioned refinements under the U.S. tax reforms. We are continuing to analyze the impact of the changes to the U.S. tax code, including how this affects our overall strategies for capital deployment. We have assumed the Canadian dollar at $0.765 to the U.S. dollar for 2018 as well as Q2. 
 We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $240 million to $250 million for the fiscal year 2018. The increase relative to 2017 reflects a ramp-up of our renovation and relocation program, increased store openings in international markets, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects. 
 For Q2, we expect revenues to be in the range of $660 million to $665 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the high single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2017. 
 This also assumes 3 new store openings in the quarter. We anticipate gross margin to increase by approximately 50 basis points versus Q2 of last year. Despite the strong increases in product margin last year that we're now anniversary-ing, we continue to see AUC opportunities, driven by our ongoing supply chain initiatives. 
 We expect to leverage SG&A in Q2 by approximately 50 basis points as we continue to gain efficiencies in our cost structure. Assuming a tax rate of 30% and 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48 versus adjusted EPS of $0.39 a year ago. 
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Yes, everyone, and welcome, PJ. Doing a bang-up job so far. So I guess, Stuart, my first question, just high-level, trying to understand the doubling in the e-mail file. That seems to be a pretty monumental accomplishment this quarter, given that your e-mail file was pretty large to begin with. Can you give us a sense for how much of that was international versus how much of that is North America? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt. The e-mail file trajectory has really been exciting and important. The mix of that is largely weighted towards North America. And the reason we've seen an inflection in it is we implemented new applications within our POS system in the third quarter of last year with new training for our store educators to be able to be armed in a better way with technology and training to capture guest e-mails at point-of-sale. And so that has been a big part of the inflection in how we have increased the e-mail capture rate. That has then been complemented by the improvements in the website that were a part of the relaunch at the end of the third quarter last year. So the combination of the improvements in the website and the improvements in the point-of-sale execution in-store has really been what's been driving that inflection and acceleration in the e-mail capture rate. So we'll lap that, some of those changes really as we get into the fourth quarter of this year, and we have initiatives beyond that to continue to fuel increases in how we're capturing e-mails with our guests. 
Matthew McClintock: Perfect. And then if I could, just a follow-up question. You talked about new markets, Berlin, or new stores, Berlin and Seoul. If I recall, you probably have a couple of stores in the comp base in South Korea and also in Germany by now. And you talk about Asia comping up 50%. Can you kind of give us a sense of how stores perform as they roll over in those 2 specific markets? Because I assume the up 50% comp in Asia is primarily China. 
Stuart Haselden: Well, the performance across Asia has been really strong. We have some really strong store locations in other markets, including Hong Kong and Singapore, Tokyo. But certainly, we have the greatest number of stores now in China with the greatest amount of new store openings happening in China. So we're seeing strong comp performance across all those regions in Asia. The store locations in Seoul that we opened, we're very excited to reach additional guests in that particular market. We think it's an important market across Asia and important for us to show up strong in Seoul. Similarly, as we look at Europe, Berlin is an important city in Germany. As we think about the countries where we're focused in Europe, certainly, Germany, France and the U.K. are on top of the list, and so it's important for us to have a good foot forward and have some locations there that represent the brand and help build brand awareness. So I'm pleased with how all those stores have opened and the trajectory that they're on. And as we've mentioned, the Asia stores have been off to a faster start in general, but we're pleased with the progress we're making in Europe. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about lulu as a dual-gender global brand, I guess, versus the $4 billion 2020 revenue target, maybe Stuart, is there any way to just kind of speak to where you're tracking maybe versus plan on some of the key pieces, online, men's, international? That would be helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: Absolutely. We are very excited at the progress we're making against those 2020 goals that we had laid out. I would say that overall, we're on track, if not a little bit ahead, versus those plans. And you might recall, we set those goals over 2 years ago. And as you might expect, we're farther ahead in certain areas than others. Right now, what I would say is in our -- within our men's business and within e-commerce, we are running ahead of schedule, and I think that's reflected in the most recent performance that we just announced. International, I would say it's taking a little longer than planned. Asia specifically is accelerating ahead of plan and ahead of schedule, but Europe is taking a little bit longer. And we are assuming a very deliberate approach in Europe, but we're pleased with the double-digit comps that exceeded our budget in the first quarter for Europe. So we're pleased with the trajectory overall, and that we're confident that we're going achieve that $4 billion number as we had set it out. But the pieces and parts of how we get there might be a little different than we had originally envisioned. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. On the store front, so clearly, material runway on the international side. I guess, could you touch on remaining opportunity that you see in North America, maybe both in terms of sales productivity catalysts as well as store saturation versus some of the legacy management targets that you've laid out? I think it's been a couple of years now. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we see a lot of opportunity in North America. And in 2018, we'll actually execute more real estate projects than in any other prior year. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're going to see a 14% increase in global square footage. We're going to see a healthy number of new store projects in North America. What's more exciting is some of the innovation that we've seen from our North American store team. Specifically, the co-located strategy has been very important success, not only for extending the square footage runway that we have in North America, but also creating an important expansion of the retail guest experience that makes space for us to grow our men's business, to add new categories potentially such as shoes. So those new categories, we couldn't fit into a 3,000-square-foot box. And so that co-located strategy becomes really important more than just growing square footage, but creating that opportunity to expand the vision of our -- of what product categories we're able to execute in a physical environment. Beyond that, the seasonal store strategy has been a very strong success story for us. We did 24 of those in 2017. Nine of those locations we kept into this year and are pursuing for permanent -- as permanent locations, and we're seeing really strong performance out of those locations. So we continue to find ways to innovate our store model in North America. We really can't think of the business in that regard. It's just a static store count number off of a sort of a uniformed store layout. It's very dynamic, and we're exploring even now and into next year new experiential strategies as part of that physical experience for our guests. So we're really excited at what's -- what the team has been able to bring to the table. And in many ways, we feel like we're just getting started. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick with RBC Capital Markets. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, you mentioned footwear before, but it's obviously a much bigger idea for your athletic peers versus lululemon. So curious how footwear is doing. And could footwear be one of the pillars for the company beyond 2020? And then the second question, in the shorter term, maybe Stuart, talk about the second half gross margin outlook. What are some of the puts and takes that we should be thinking about in your guidance? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. On the footwear, Brian, it's, I guess, premature to call that as the major growth opportunity for us. We've been pleased with the tests that we've done with APL, and I think we've learned a lot from it. We learned that our guest is interested in buying shoes from us. That's one of the things we learned. We've also been able to develop an understanding of how to sell shoes in our stores, and in particular, where we don't carry inventory, how to execute the showrooming model. So we feel like that's a learning we can take into other categories that will make -- that will open the door for us to accomplish different things from an inventory management standpoint across a number of categories. So we've learned a lot from footwear. We're pleased with how it's performing. We're looking for opportunities to expand it even with our relationship with APL. And it's an open strategy for us to explore as we step into the future. And then on your second question with regard to the gross margin outlook for the second half, we're really pleased with the results that we've seen. The beat that we saw in the first quarter really came from the outperformance in mix and the lower markdowns. So we feel confident with the gross margin and product margin outlook that we offered. To the extent that mix and markdowns come in more favorably, there is an opportunity for us to do better. But we believe that the guidance that we provided is appropriate based on what we know at this point. And more broadly, I'm really pleased with just the journey we've seen with product margins. Much of the low-hanging fruit that we had talked about back in 2015 has been captured. We now focus on driving our segment and supply chain strategy, which will continue to help us capture AUC improvements. And we're now also shifting our attention from a supply chain standpoint to speed and to how do we reduce -- how we can reduce lead times and create new strategic flexibility in our business from a supply chain standpoint. And we're also exploring new exciting efforts to capture cost efficiencies in our distribution network, specifically how we fulfill e-com orders in North America. So we're really looking at our supply chain end-to-end and finding opportunities. And the combination of all this really connects to a multi-year road map for gross margin improvement that we see extending at least until 2020 and is contemplated in our long-range guidance that we shared previously. 
Operator: Our next question is from Adrienne Yih with Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: So I guess, Stuart, my first question is when you're doing sort of market research on international pieces of business, what do you do in terms of marketing, laying the groundwork? And then do you do any changes to the product? And then, Glenn, for you, it's been a year since you joined, and the business is completely different today. I was wondering if you can just look back on the past year, the biggest opportunity, the biggest change that you think has been made to the business. And then go forward in the next 2 years, to that 2020 target, what the next biggest leg of opportunity still remains. 
Stuart Haselden: Adrienne, it's Stuart. Why don't I address the first 2 questions that you directed my way? Then what we can -- we can have Glenn join us for the next part of it. But the international market entry, we certainly do research for each trade area, for each market. And the showroom model that we execute follows that market research. One of the key indicators that we look at is the e-commerce penetration that we see, that gives us an indication of the overall brand awareness and latent demand within each market. And so that's an important data point for us. But certainly, there are other factors that we consider, not only in international markets, but any market we enter. And so the showrooming model gives us an opportunity to feed demand, to build awareness, to develop those communities in a proven way that has proved -- that has, in fact, proven very resilient and a good indicator of where we are ready to open a store. So that model, we continue to execute. And from a product standpoint, tailoring products for the international markets, for the most part, it is a global assortment. Our regional merchants help tailor just the shape of the buy, if you will, for regional taste. We are exploring a limited number of Asia-only fits, that's a very small initial step. But as I said, for the most part, it's a global assortment. Let me pause there and see if Glenn would like to respond to your second question. 
Glenn Murphy: Thanks, Stuart. Yes, my view is that -- not to give you a history lesson because you all know the business well, but a year ago, the management team was just finishing some of the blocking and tackling work that they needed to get done as the new team and new talent got injected into the business and complemented the talent we had already inside the company. So you know all the work that was done, whether it's on the inventory side or the supply chain side. And I think that was work that needed to be done because trying to build something off a weak foundation is just not smart. So I give the management and the board credit for trying to sequence them properly. And in the last 12 months, as that work's been -- it's never completed. There's always, as Stuart said earlier, there's more we can do on some of those line items that the management team was focused on for about 24 months. Here come new category initiatives, which have been helpful, focused on digital and part of new categories expansion of men's, which has been a big win for the business, starting to open up our thought process on what could this brand become internationally. We can't just take our North American business and think we can transplant it into Asia, into Europe. You certainly take a culture and what the company stands for and the heartbeat of lululemon. That is nonnegotiable. That has to go around the world. But how we show up in parts of Asia, as you've heard Stuart reference some countries earlier, what are we going to do in Europe? It's opening up international. So those 3 fronts are part of this 2020 plan. I really give the management team and the board credit for how it was sequenced. And then looking forward, not to get too, ambitious, I think we're now committed to the 2020 plan, I think, what Stuart opened up a little bit in some of his commentary. What I really like about the management team, and especially the 3 leaders I've been working with, is we do spend time in Vancouver beyond looking at this quarter 2018 and the 2020 plan. There has been some time invested. Where to from here? What else can the brand become? That's not for today. Adrienne, that will be for another day. That won't be me, but it will be somebody else who articulated to shareholders and investors once we figure out what that is. But we do know we've got a special brand that can do a lot more than just its current gross margin success of the products in which we sell and the guest engagement that we developed. We know there's something more the business can do, but that's -- again, that's not for today but we've had some preliminary conversations about what that next step and act could be for lululemon. And I'm sure the management team will fill in the people on the phone at the appropriate time once we have that figure out. 
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: The lower markdowns were also impressive. What are your thoughts on how that can be sustained? And also the other -- the related topic is your thoughts on the state of inventory and supply chain planning and allocation as there could be some opportunities to make sure that the assortments are right, in the right stores. The other follow-up I have is just about product innovation and what we should think about for the back half in your pants business. The zone compression sounds like a big idea, too. How would you prioritize the innovation factors around product? 
Stuart Haselden: Oliver, thank you. It's -- the lower markdown part of the story in Q1 was really great to see. The level of full-priced markdowns, I  think, reflects the health of the business and the success that we're having executing, not only on the product side, but just in our channel execution as well. So that is putting us in a great place where we can continue to drive a very healthy full-priced business. We see that continuing into Q2 and to the balance of the year, and that's reflected in the guidance that we offered. From an inventory standpoint, very comfortable with the inventory position, the composition of it. It's very current. As we had mentioned on the Q4 call, we do expect to see some higher inventory balances in the first half of the year and in Q1 and Q2 before seeing it moderate into the second half of the year. Even with that, we're very comfortable with the inventory balances that we currently are seeing. And from a product innovation standpoint and the product innovation pipeline, that is a critical part of our broader strategy. That is something that we remain focused on as an organization, our Whitespace team, our design team, bringing newness and innovation to market that matters to our guests. And so you've seen some of that innovation from several key programs last year that we have yet to lap into this year with the ABC pant new style introductions in Q3, with the Everlux fabric introduction in the second half of last year. The ever -- and the Enlite Bra success that we've seen and continue to ramp that opportunity into 2018 and complement it with additional styles. The bra category in particular is one where we see a lot of opportunity. You're going to see new styles into the second half of the year as well as new in-store execution that -- and we view bras as a strategic part of our women's business and how we'll grow the penetration of our tops -- women's tops business. So that's certainly a focus for us. And the other things that we mentioned in the prepared remarks in terms of the zone compression is another product area that we see a lot of potential, and we're excited to introduce that later in the fall. 
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: A couple of questions on men's. Can you maybe talk about the men's business and the growth that you're seeing by region? Also, penetration by region, I'd be curious about. And also, what percent of the new customers that you talk about are men versus women? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. We're really happy with how the men's business is performing, Paul. I think that's reflected in a number of the stats that we quoted. We're seeing, on a regional basis, the men's and women's business are kind of accelerating proportionately in the same manner. We're not seeing regional differences by gender or within genders. What I would say is we saw a really strong performance in Q1 in the Southeast in particular. And that's probably related to weather, but that was a standout region across North America. Otherwise, there was -- there weren't noteworthy regional differences. We still have seen somewhat of a headwind in Alberta, in Canada versus B.C. and Ontario. But that's a continuation of a prior trend. In terms of the percentage of new guests, we did see -- the new guests that we have acquired in the first quarter, about 30% of them were men. So that was higher than the overall level of increase, a little bit higher than the number of women that we're attracting. So again, we're really pleased with our men's trajectory. And as I mentioned earlier, we feel like we're in probably a little ahead of schedule with men's in terms of our 2020 goals. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, how about penetration in Europe and Asia in the men's business? 
Stuart Haselden: It's -- we're a little higher in Asia and a little lower in Europe. And there's nothing that we would feel is alarming about that. I think it is -- I wouldn't necessarily draw any big conclusions from that strategically. That's how the business is trending now. But we still see both areas having deep opportunities for our men's business as we are able to gain success in driving awareness for it. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I actually wanted to ask you a follow-up to your conversation about the CEO search. With everything clearly hitting on all cylinders, the management team working so well together, has the urgency level at the board level changed around the CEO search? Do you feel like you have more time and maybe even you're not necessarily wanting to disrupt the current equilibrium? 
Glenn Murphy: The short answer is no. And with that said, look, the performance of the business and the leadership of Celeste, Stuart and Sun, and this is a number of the understatements you've heard on the call today, is a great comfort to the Board of Directors. So we don't have to feel that we're -- I've seen other companies go through a full-fledged panic when situations like this arise. So I think that the fact that the business is performing even better than our expectations and that the leadership and the steady hands of the 3 people we've asked to step up to take on more responsibility has been incredible. I mean, I've witnessed it in Vancouver. So that certainly gives us comfort and allows us, as I said, I think, on the first call when this came up, I said that we're not in a hurry, but we have a sense of urgency. We do know that internally -- and mostly internally at the end of the day. I notice a lot of the people on the call who represent our external audiences. But if you think of our internal audience first, getting clarity about the new leadership going forward is super important. But it's nice to have -- to be in this place where I think we'd all rather have somebody in place when the time is right. But I think it's really nice to be able to be in this place. The business is performing, and we have great leadership at the top. 
Omar Saad: Got it. And then if I could ask just a quick follow-up. I think it was Paul's question around the new -- the huge number of new guests, 28%, I think, you said. Is that a big inflection from previous quarters? And if it is, what's the catalyst for the sudden kind of inflection of new customers kind of discovering the brand? 
Stuart Haselden: Omar, it's Stuart. So there's a couple of things we would point to. The first is the success we're finding with our digital marketing strategy. So we have -- we had just a more robust approach across a number of different elements of that digital strategy, which includes the e-mail, the success we're finding with e-mail. And I mentioned -- I described some of the factors that are giving rise to the acceleration in the e-mail capture, which is a part of the broader guest acquisition strategy. But I think it's a combination of success in digital marketing and the success broadly of the business. As we're attracting -- as we're presenting more compelling product assortments, we're attracting more guests to the brand, and we're being more efficient in how we're engaging with them once we have attracted them either to our stores or to our website. And that's a function of some of the improvements that we've made, both on the website, through the relaunch as well as what I described in terms of the POS improvements in capturing e-mail. So it's the combination of a few things. I do think it's just one thing in particular. And it just reflects the broad momentum that we're seeing across the business. 
Operator: Our last question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: Just under the bell. So a follow-up to that question on the 28% increase. Is there any difference in the demographics you're seeing of the new customers? Is it skewing more male than female? Or any difference there? And then secondarily, on kind of the office travel collection that you've done so well within men's. It seems like there is more of that now occurring in the women's line. Can you talk about what the opportunity is there? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Sharon. And as I mentioned, the mix of gender, it's about 30% of the new guests are men or male. And so that's a little more than what is in the base business. So we're pleased to see a little higher percentage of guys being attracted to the brand. And otherwise, it's not a remarkable distinction versus our existing shareholder -- existing customer base or guest base, I should say, in terms of their demographic profile. And then to your other question regarding the office travel products that we've been exploring, the first thing I'd say there is we remain focused on solving problems for athletes. And we are a performance-oriented apparel business. So the opportunity that we have identified to leverage the technical functionality, fabrics and construction that we see in our performance products into more multi-use products, and there's a few good examples. The ABC pant in men's is probably one of the best. It's clear that our guests have an appetite for this. We're being pulled into these categories versus pushing our way into them, if you will. And it's not really new. This has been a part of our assortments, both in men's and women's, for quite some time. But we are identifying places where we can expand this. And again, it's where we're being pulled into. Our guests are asking for these types of products. And it's been, I think, an interesting or a good part of how we're evolving our product assortments. But suffice it to say, we remain focused on extending our position as a performance apparel business, and the multi-use products that we're exploring are a nice extension of those core technical capabilities that we have. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking to you in about 3 months when we report our second quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Glenn Murphy, Executive Chairman; Stuart Haselden, COO; Celeste Burgoyne; EVP, Americas; and Sun Choe, SVP, Merchandising. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of lululemon's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, including those we have disclosed in our most recent filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any of these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at
 www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to remind our investors to visit our investor site where you'll find a summary of our key financial and operating statistics for the fourth quarter as well as our quarterly infographic. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn. 
Glenn Murphy: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon, everybody. It's been a while since I've been on an analyst call but I plan on being brief today because we have a full slate of speakers. 
 What I can say to you is, overall, the board was very pleased with our performance in 2017 clearly was a market share gaining year across categories, across channels, across all geographies. What was really gratifying for I know the management team but also for the board is how we actually recovered after a tough Q1. We diagnosed what went wrong, and we took quick action. And when you look at the year, we actually improved sequentially. I mean, you've been through the P&L. This is not the first call in 2017, it's actually the Q4 call. When you look at it sequentially, the business improved from Q2 to Q3 and Q4 across pretty much every KPI, which Stuart will take you through in a second. 
 What that tells us as a board, and I'm sure the management team -- not that I'm just sure, I know the management team feels that this was a real testament to the character of the people of the SSC, our people who work in our stores, all our educators, that the business was able to recover very quickly from a disappointing Q1 to produce the overall 2017 results that we're showing you today. I was actually in Vancouver last week. I was kind of joking with the management team that this is the kind of quarter that you take, you laminate, you frame and, ultimately, you replicate.
 Now last week, we had a board meeting in Vancouver, and the management team presented to us, in actually pretty good specific detail, their 2018 strategic initiatives, where they're going to focus their time and where we're going to invest our capital. So you're going to hear, not just on today's call and in the Q&A but in subsequent calls in 2018 like you have for the last couple of years, you're going to hear today from Celeste and Stuart and Sun about how we're going to continue to focus on product innovation, category extensions, our digital business, our international expansion and much more. So our top strategic priorities that you've been hearing about for a while, obviously, are intended to drive long-term shareholder value.
 What I can tell you from last week's meeting while we spend a lot of time on those strategic initiatives and the levers to create value, what I would say is that the board really was engaged. The management team took us through not only those strategic levers but they took us through how they plan to actually build on our competitive advantages of people, community and guest experiences. 
 Every company, they will change every year but when you have a 5-year vision like we do to 2020, everybody has key strategic initiatives they work on, they refine them, and they tighten up, they make them better every single year, and that's what lululemon is doing in 2018. But foundationally, this business, which will celebrate, by the way, its 20th anniversary in 2018, sits on a very clear set of competitive advantages: our people, our focus on community and our guest experiences. 
 So one thing I will add from the board meeting last week is that we acknowledge as a management team, Stuart, Celeste and Sun and everybody who came and presented to the board, we acknowledge we're a little behind on data analytics and embracing the power of data. So we have a number of company veterans as well as some new execs we met last week in Vancouver who joined the business from outside lulu who are already working hard to turn this into a strength of the company.
 You add data to the competitive advantages I took you through and the strategic initiatives in 2018 and beyond, and that's going to be really something that's going to ignite the performance of the business. 
 Lastly, I'm pretty sure there's going to be a number of questions on the CEO search. Why don't I just get ahead of that. It's been less than 2 months. We've met a number of actually great candidates and people who put their hand up to be considered for this incredible role amidst a very unique brand in retail and look at our performance in Q4 and our intent to maintain that kind of performance as we go forward.
 So the board's very confident in our ability to attract a top, proven, global consumer executive. 
 So right now, with the time it's going to take as we're going to take our time, we're going to meet as many people as we can, we're going to make the right decision. We're very fortunate as a company to have the 3 leaders you're going to hear from today. They're working well together. They're not waiting around. They're pushing ahead aggressively to take lululemon to new heights. 
 With all that said, let me pass the call over to Stuart to take you through the financial results for 2017 and to talk about 2018. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Glenn. Let me start by offering some highlights on the quarter. Q4 was an important period for us with several key moments of truth. 
 First, we began to see powerful benefits from our new website. Second, we lapsed tough comparisons in both comps and product margins. Third, we cleared the expense pressure from the digital recovery earlier in the year. And finally, we accomplished all of this while scaling product innovation, expanding internationally and introducing new store formats. 
 I'm pleased to report that the results our teams delivered exceeded expectations across the board. Our website relaunch enabled important new capabilities and helped us achieve a 42% constant dollar increase in e-commerce in Q4.
 Our combined constant dollar comp for the quarter was 11% on top of strong business in 2016. We saw normalized gross margin expand 200 basis points, and we leveraged SG&A by 90 basis points. This produced adjusted operating margin expansion of 290 basis points for Q4 and 100 basis points for the year, moving us toward our 2020 goal of EBIT margins above 20%. All of this connected to normalized EPS growth of 33% for the quarter, which comes on top of the 18% growth we delivered in the same quarter last year. 
 Reflecting on 2017. While we continue to see exciting innovation in our product assortments and store channels, the more remarkable part of the story has been our digital business. Transformation may be too strong of a word but we certainly now have new capabilities in this area that are accelerating our growth. Celeste will share additional details but we are thrilled not only with the numbers we are seeing but also with how well the teams across technology, merchandising, marketing and e-commerce operations are collaborating.
 Looking ahead, we're excited for 2018 with steady improvements in our product assortments and key innovation launches, setting us up well for this year. As we are now in the early days of 2018, we are seeing the hard work over the last year continuing to pay off. Store traffic is accelerating into Q1 and fueling sequential increases in store comps. Product innovation launches in Everlux, Enlite and ABC in men's are providing powerful tailwinds in our assortments. Online conversion, benefiting from the new website, continues to exceed expectations. Our digital business continues to have much low-hanging fruit with additional opportunities in the near term to fuel further conversion increases with website improvements planned this year and checkout search and personalization. And finally, international continues to be an exciting part of the story with accelerating store growth in Asia and Europe. 
 Looking beyond this year to 2020 and thereafter, we see a truly global business, dual gender, digitally enabled, with store and online communities driving authentic guest connections in new and innovative ways. 
 We continue to shape the industry through our product innovation strategies and new category expansions that solve problems for our guests. This vision supports the financial and operational goals we have previously offered for 2020: $4 billion in total revenue, a $1 billion men's business, 25% e-commerce penetration and $1 billion international business. We are on track to achieve our goals, and we're excited by the momentum we're currently seeing across the business. 
 Let me now hand it over to Celeste to provide additional details. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Thanks, Stuart. I am happy to report strong Q4 results in North America where both store comps and store traffic increased by low single-digit percentage. As Stuart mentioned, we now see store traffic trends accelerating into Q1. And while the retail environment has somewhat improved, we believe much of our momentum is the result of our omnichannel initiative as well as our investments in digital and brand marketing. 
 In 2017, our square footage growth was 14%, excluding the ivivva closures, and our plan calls for low double-digit growth in 2018. Our multiple store format enable us to reach guests where they live, delivering localized tailored experiences. We continue to be happy with the performance of our colocated stores. In 2017, we completed 12 colocated projects in which we expand the size of some of our most productive stores to allow for a more complete expression of our men's collection and create space for potential future category extension. In 2018, we plan to accelerate this program with approximately 20 to 25 stores in this powerful format. 
 I'd also like to highlight our successful seasonal store strategy. For the holiday season this year, we opened 24 pop-up locations. Not only did these stores allow us to fulfill holiday demand but they were also a way to attract new guests. And in fact, 40% of the gap in these seasonal pop-ups were new to lululemon. As Stuart mentioned, our digital and e-commerce business saw structural changes with transformative investments across people, process and technology. In short, it's working. Our Q4 performance reflected this with total constant dollar e-com comps up 42%, which is on top of the 12% increase last year. Traffic was up in the double digits, and we saw our best quarterly conversion results of the year. The sequential comp acceleration in Q4 was enabled by the release of our new website at the end of Q3. This release offered improved functionality, more compelling content and storytelling and improved product imagery. 
 A few KPIs I'd like to share since the relaunch include: a 20% increase in site traffic; a 19% increase in conversion with mobile conversion increasing 21%; a 19% increase in direct visits; and a 32% increase in e-mail visits. And as a complement to our digital strategy, our omnichannel capabilities continue to expand. Our endless aisle functionality allows us to fulfill in-store demand with our e-commerce inventory. We have the ability to ship from store in 186 locations, and we'll further expand this capability in 2018. We will also roll out buy online, pick up in-store functionality during the second half of the year. 
 Switching now to international. We continue to see a strong guest response as we expand our footprint and drive awareness. In Asia, for instance, our combined comps were 52% in Q4. In particular, we saw strength in digital where comps grew in the triple digits. We continue to go after local e-commerce and experiences which, in China, will soon include a WeChat store to augment our very successful Tmall e-commerce business in the region. We ended the year with 23 stores in Asia with our comping stores generating higher sales per foot than our overall corporate average.
 Looking toward 2018, we plan to open 15 to 20 new locations in this region. In Europe, our total market growth was 42% in Q4. In 2018, we plan to open 5 to 10 stores in the U.K., Germany and France, with 4 planned for Q1. We are encouraged by recent trends in Europe and continue to see this as a major opportunity for us, although likely a slower build versus Asia. 
 Turning now to digital and brand marketing. This past holiday was our most successful to date in terms of reach, engagement and collective growth. We acquired approximately 1 million new guests with the largest growth coming from 18- to 35-year-olds. And by the end of the year, we doubled our e-mail file versus last year, expanding an important vehicle for us to directly engage our guests and drive traffic across both stores and online. 
 And finally, I want to share gratitude for our educators and employees around the world. Our people are our competitive advantage. We know that when our people grow, our business grows, and these results are a testament to our amazing collective. 
 Now to you, Sun. 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Celeste. I'm excited to speak to you about our Q4 merchandise strategies, which continue to gain momentum and set us up well for 2018. 
 First, in women's, guest response to our holiday assortment was fantastic, as demonstrated by the strength we saw across categories. Outerwear and accessories are key for the fourth quarter, and our assortments clearly resonated. Jackets and outerwear comped up in the low double digits, led by puffer and parka shape, and our new collection of seasonal bags or standout giftables. Women's tops were also strong, which comped up 8%, driven by our seamless program. 
 Our core business and women's pants was up 19% with continued growth driven by our engineered Naked Sensation. In Q1, we've injected newness into our #1 women's pants style, the Align, expanding the print and pattern offering on top of a new length introduced in Q4. We've also leveraged our Nulu fabrication in the launch of the Flow Y bra. 
 In January, we excited our guests with new product flows that previewed our spring color palette, and we are encouraged by the response thus far to a greatly improved balance of color, print and pattern, now in-store and online, relative to our offering this time last year. 
 Looking forward, I'm thrilled by our product pipeline, which delivers a unique blend of function and fashion that speaks to our guests and continues to scale our recent technical innovations.
 Turning to men's. Trends remained robust, posting double-digit comps in Q4. This was driven in part by ongoing strength in bottoms where comps increased 21%, and we're happy to share that this overall momentum in men's has accelerated into Q1. Our guests continue to love our expanded ABC offering. The jogger is now our #1 pant style in men's, and as of Q1, available in a broader color range. We are further scaling our ABC technology with all of our men's fixed waist bottoms now featuring this construction. 
 Our men's outerwear business was also strong in Q4 comping up 20%. We're building on this trend this spring with the new collection of lightweight jackets. 
 In addition, we are executing targeted strategies to drive guest awareness for men's. One recent example is a new collection in partnership with Roden Gray, a leading Vancouver-based menswear boutique, which was successful and sets the stage for larger product collaborations over the course of the year.
 We're proud of the guest response to our products, and we're determined to build upon this success going forward. 
 I now hand it back over to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Sun. Before taking you through our Q4 financial results, I'd like to update you on certain nonrecurring charges and expenses incurred during the quarter. 
 First, we realized the final charges and costs associated with the evolution of our ivivva business. These totaled $1.9 million in Q4 and $47.2 million for the full year and were in line with our most recent estimate of $45 million to $50 million. 
 Second, we recognized a onetime income tax expense of $59.3 million related to the recent U.S. tax reforms. 
 I'll now provide some further highlights on our Q4 results. Please see the Q4 financial supplement posted on our investor site for additional details. 
 Total net revenue rose approximately 18% to $929 million, with the increase in revenue resulting from strong performance across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 1% comp store sales increase on top of a 6% store comp in Q4 of 2016. We're also pleased with the 42% comp we posted in e-commerce that reflected the enhancements to our website mentioned earlier. Normalized for ivivva, square footage increased 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 46 net new company operated stores since Q4 of 2016, 24 in the U.S., 12 in Asia, 6 stores in Canada, 2 in Europe and 2 in Australia and New Zealand. The impact of the foreign exchange increased revenues by $11 million. 
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $523 million or 56.3% of net revenue compared to 54.2% of net revenue in Q4 2016. The gross profit rate in Q4 was positively impacted by 10 basis points related to the ivivva restructuring. Excluding this benefit, adjusted gross margin increased 200 basis points versus last year. This exceeded our expectations for the quarter with the primary driver being a 130 basis point increase in overall product margin resulting from favorability and product mix, lower product costs and lower markdowns versus last year. I'm particularly pleased that this increase comes on top of a 410 basis point improvement in product margin last year. 
 We continue to see opportunity to gain cost efficiencies within our supply chain. For example, this year, as we further improved our planning processes, we're able to ramp down a portion of our air freight usage and increase ocean freight. This shift will help us continue to expand product margin into 2018.
 We saw 30 basis points of favorable impact related to the foreign exchange impact in the quarter and also realized 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation. 
 SG&A expenses were just over $264 million or 28.4% of net revenue compared to 29.3% of net revenue for the same period last year. 
 We're pleased that we were able to deliver expense leverage in Q4 at the high end of our expectations. Approximately 60 basis points of the decrease relates to more efficient spend in both our home office and store channel, while foreign exchange, including both translation and revaluation exposures, contributed an additional 30 basis points of leverage. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $256 million or 27.6% of net revenue compared to 24.9% of net revenue in Q4 2016. Excluding the pretax charges of $1.9 million related to the planned closures of the ivivva stores, adjusted operating income for the quarter increased to approximately $258 million or 27.8% of net revenue.
 Tax expense for the quarter was approximately $138 million or 53.5% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 31.1% a year ago. Tax expense included a onetime income tax expense of $59.3 million related to the recent U.S. tax reforms. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.6% versus 30.6% last year. 
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $120 million or $0.88 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.99 for the fourth quarter of 2016. Net income in Q4 2017 included $59.3 million or $0.44 per share for the aforementioned U.S. Tax Reform and $1 million or $0.01 per share in after-tax ivivva-related charges. Excluding these charges, adjusted EPS was $1.33 per share compared to adjusted EPS of $1 last year.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $51 million for the quarter compared to approximately $43 million in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase relates primarily to higher investments in IT relative to last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $991 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $330 million or 10% higher than at the end of Q4 2016 and below our forward sales outlook. 
 Based on improved efficiencies in our supply chain and the better planning capabilities that I mentioned earlier, we expect to use less airfreight in 2018 versus 2017. This will benefit product margin as our all-in, per-unit freight costs are expected to be lower due to the shift. As a result, we will be taking delivery earlier in the cycle relative to last year and we'll likely see inventories grow modestly in excess of sales in the first half of the year before moderating into the second half. To be clear, we have not altered our practices in managing inventory levels, and we are comfortable with how we are positioned for the year. 
 Turning now to our outlook for the fiscal year 2018 and the first quarter. We're pleased with the start we're seeing to the year and the momentum building across the business. As a reminder, our guidance includes the 53rd week and reflects a modest benefit to sales and earnings for the year. 
 For the full year 2018, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2,985,000,000 to $3,022,000,000. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid- to high single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to open 40 to 50 company-operated lululemon stores in 2017. This includes 20 to 30 stores in our international markets and represents a square footage increase in the low double digits. For the year, we expect gross margin to expand modesty, primarily driven by product margin improvement. We expect SG&A for the full year to also leverage modestly as we will not anniversary the onetime digital acceleration cost from 2017, and we realize efficiencies within our cost structure. We expect our fiscal year 2018 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3 to $3.08. Our EPS guidance is based on 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Our effective tax rate will decrease from 31% in 2017 to approximately 29% in 2018, reflecting our estimate of the impact of U.S. Tax Reform. 
 Our estimate can change as we finalize our review of the additional interpretations and guidance. We've historically benefited from a relatively low tax rate due to the transfer pricing arrangements we have in place. And as such, we'll see only a modest reduction in our ECR this year. Furthermore, we will continue to analyze the impact of the U.S. tax reforms on our overall strategies for capital deployment. 
 We have assumed the Canadian dollar at $0.78 to the U.S. dollar for 2018 as well as the first quarter. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $240 million to $250 million for the fiscal year 2018. The increase relative to 2017 reflects a ramp-up of our renovation and relocation program, increased store openings in international markets, technology investments and other general corporate infrastructure projects.
 For Q1, we expect revenues to be in the range of $612 million to $617 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low double-digit range on a constant-dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2017. This also assumes 8 new store openings in the quarter. We anticipate gross margin to increase by approximately 50 to 100 basis points versus Q1 of last year. 
 Despite the strong increases in product margin last year that we are now anniversarying, we continue to see AUC opportunities, driven by our ongoing supply chain initiatives. We also expect to leverage SG&A in Q1 by 50 to 100 basis points as we gain efficiencies in our cost structure. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 29% and 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.44 to $0.46 versus $0.32 a year ago. 
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: The traffic was very impressive. What are your thoughts on what has driven traffic? And also, as we look at the year ahead, what's kind of incorporated for your view on traffic? Would you expect it to be volatile? And just another question was on Big Data. Glenn, you mentioned in the beginning, I was just curious about how that will manifest with customer engagement, supply chain and how we should think about that opportunity as it applies to gross margins to over a longer time horizon. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Oliver. This is Stuart. So let me first address your question on traffic. So really pleased with the momentum that we've seen not only in Q4 but now into Q1. It's hard to overstate also the impact of the product assortment improvements that we've seen. Improved color palette, improved newness and style across the assortment has been really strong. It's also important that -- to note that guest acquisition strategies that we have been pursuing are driving traffic across both stores and e-commerce. As you look at it by channel, it's certainly -- in the store business, the traffic story is really what's driving the comps, and certainly, in e-commerce, it's a conversion story. So as we look at store traffic specifically, we saw total store traffic in Q4 was slightly positive across all regions. We saw sequential improvements across all regions as well in the fourth quarter and now, into the early part of the first quarter. So we're pleased with that traffic picture in general. And the things that I would point to that are driving that, certainly, the macro environment has improved to a degree but more importantly, we see the efforts in our digital marketing or omnichannel capabilities and the improvements that we've seen in driving increases in our e-mail file. These are driving, as I mentioned, traffic across both channels and continuing to see momentum in each of these into the first quarter. And from an e-commerce standpoint, the traffic story is important also but the conversion story is more pronounced. So just to mention briefly, the drivers there related to our website, improvements in load times, better navigation and more flexibility in how we can make changes to the website. So the traffic story is important across both channels and will continue, as I mentioned, into the first quarter as we continue to pursue those strategies. On your second question related to data analytics. As Glen mentioned, this is something that we're focused on. When we met with the board last week, it was one of the few priorities that we have been looking to build new capabilities and to complement our existing competitive advantages. Our approach is to bring data-driven insights into core decision-making across 3 areas: guest engagement, merchandising, general operations. So each of those 3 areas are where we're focusing leveraging data. So we're not as far along as we'd like to be in these areas. We're building a talented team. We've committed some significant resources this year to pursue this strategy. And we're seeing some nice early wins in our e-mail and digital marketing efforts. So this is something we look forward to sharing more with investors later in the year as our programs develop here. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick of Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: Two questions. I guess, Sun, maybe excited to hear about the women's tops and outerwear businesses turning the corner in Q4. Can you maybe talk about what's changed specifically in those 2 categories and how you're planning introductions in 2018 maybe versus 2017? And then, Stuart, maybe you can help us bridge the Q1 guidance on gross margin and SG&A, thanks for the help, to what we're coming up with for the full year? Where in the rest of the year maybe are you giving some of the margin expansion back? 
Sun Choe: Great. Thanks. This is Sun. I'll hit on your questions around tops and outerwear. In the case of tops, we really saw a nice turnaround based on our balance of color and pattern, which we spoke to earlier in the call. And I also think that from a portfolio standpoint, we have a really nice balance of core franchises and a variety of silhouettes that's really driving the turnaround in tops, and that is something that we continue to invest in go forward for Q1 and beyond for 2018. In outerwear specifically, we really doubled down on new innovation and waterproofed down for Q4, which really resonated well and created a nice halo for the overall category. And as we look into -- and I would also say that color showed up really well in outerwear, too. The year prior, I'd say, we probably mostly invested in really dark neutrals, and this year, we did offer lighter neutrals, which has been resonating well. It's also a trend that we continue to see going into Q1 in 2018 and beyond. And I would say, really can emphasize the innovation piece to both tops and outerwear as being a really nice halo for us in product. 
Stuart Haselden: And Brian, it's Stuart. Let me address your question on gross margin and SG&A for the year relative to our guidance. So we're pleased with the trends that we're seeing in the first quarter in both of these areas, but what I would call out is that the comparisons get generally tougher as we get into the balance of the year. And there are a couple of anomalies by quarter that are worth mentioning. In the second quarter, we will see some gross margin pressure related to occupancy where we have some specific real estate initiatives in the second quarter that will weigh on our gross margin leverage. And then, in the third quarter, there will be also SG&A pressure as we lap FX benefits from 2017. And we also have some timing related to certain strategic initiative, investments in the third quarter that will also pressure SG&A. So those account for some of the differences that we see by quarter. As we look past the first quarter into the balance of the year, these will effectively dampen the overall gross margin and SG&A rate improvements for the year. So those are the headlines I'd offer in terms of how the Q1 guidance connects to the full year guidance of gross margin and SG&A. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: If you broke down your 1Q and full year guide, I guess, what's the embedded growth for digital versus stores that you have within the comp guidance? And then, on the profitability side, how best to think about margins between these 2 channels, both today and also over time, given the growth of digital that you're seeing from a size and scale perspective? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. Thanks for your question. So on the comp guidance, we're -- we obviously have more visibility on the first quarter, and we're excited on the momentum we're seeing there that we've talked about. And it's really across all parts of the business. We have the easiest comparisons, certainly, in the first quarter. The comparisons will get tougher into the balance of the year, especially given what we just reported for the fourth quarter. And as we think about how we will drive those comp results, certainly, we start with the product assortments and the improvements earlier in the year with regard to product -- I'm sorry, with regard to color and newness that we mentioned. But there's also strong channel tailwinds that we're seeing. We mentioned the traffic drivers and the conversion drivers. Those are both part of the story. And so we're -- so we feel good for the first quarter. And as you look at -- it's probably good to look at the comp picture on a 2-year basis. And you can see that there is some acceleration into the second half of the year with regards to the comp trajectory. And it's really -- I would point to the runway that we have between now and the second half of the year to develop some of the initiatives that we have more completely, whether it's just getting farther along in some of the product strategies, the community strategies, and just there's a number of colocated openings that will begin to ramp up into the second half of the year. So there's a number of things within just the channel strategies and the product strategies that will have a more full expression into the second half of the year that will benefit the comp trajectory. So those are the things I would point to in terms of trying to offer some dimensions by quarter. And then, as we look at your second question with regard to gross margins or margins by channel, overall, we feel great about the continued improvement that we see in product margins. We'll see some benefit in the first quarter with regard to leveraging occupancy and depreciation. That'll be muted into the later quarters of the year, and that's reflected in the guidance that we gave. As you think about margins by channel, certainly, e-commerce carries a higher operating profit margin that'll benefit and flow through to our EBIT margins. And certainly, as we over-index or drive faster growth in e-commerce, that'll be a good thing in terms of helping to leverage operating margins. And we really take an omnichannel approach to the business looking to engage guests where they choose to shop with us. Certainly, there's a lot of investments and effort around digital and e-commerce that is fueling the outsize growth trajectory that we have. That'll continue. So I think those are the comments I'd offer there. And we're pleased with how gross margins are shaping up, and we're pleased with our progress towards an EBIT margin that starts with the 2. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: A couple of quick ones. Just curious if you could maybe break out in which regions was store traffic positive. Was it in every region? Second, on CapEx number for this year, is that the new run rate that we should be thinking about in future years beyond '18? And then, last, I wonder if you could talk about the level of newness in the bottoms business this year versus last year? How much will you be relying on updates to your proven winners versus new launches on the bottom side of the business? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Paul. Let me try to tackle your first 2 questions first, and then I'll invite Sun to speak to the bottoms trend. Store comps by region were generally strong across the board. I would say, we saw particularly strong store trends in the Southeast in the fourth quarter, a little weaker comps in the Northeast. I think, weather was certainly a part of that. And in general, the trends in the U.S. were stronger than the trends in Canada. And within Canada, the Alberta region continues to be a softer area for us from a comp trend standpoint. And from a CapEx standpoint, we did see a significant increase in our plans for CapEx for the year, and that's really reflective of our growth strategy. So the store investments, not only in new stores but in our colocated projects, our international expansion, investments in technology to fuel our e-commerce and digital strategies and supply chain, we continue to evaluate investments in our distribution network to make sure that we are positioned in a very competitive manner with regard to how we're servicing our guests. So all those things are connecting to increased levels of investment that we believe will help us achieve our growth plans. 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Stuart. Paul, this is Sun. In response to your question on newness in bottoms, overall, we really like to look at our total portfolio of bottoms to make sure that we have enough in the idea of seating, which is really where newness comes in. And so while I don't really want to give a number that says we try to target x percentage, we do just want to make sure, from a portfolio standpoint, that we do have enough seating that drives newness to the assortment. 
Paul Lejuez: And Stuart, on that CapEx, is that -- is it a one-time increase this year? Or is that a right number you'll be using in future years? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Paul. I think it's a good number to use. I wouldn't -- I'm reluctant to say that's the right number to use for subsequent years. There were some particular technology investments that we had this year that we won't necessarily repeat into following years, but it's not a bad number. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Stuart, my question is on e-com. In the prior year, you had reported an e-com EBIT margin that was about 1,700 basis points higher, kind of in that 40% range. And then, the stores are already really productive, from an EBIT perspective, mid-20s. Can you talk about that differential there? Where that extra, call it, 1,700 basis points is coming from? And then, as you grow that e-com channel, do you get gross margin pressure at that top line or at the gross margin line offset then in the EBIT line? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Adrienne. So I mean, the simple answer on the e-com is that we don't have rent or store payroll, which is the big items in the cost structure that distinguish the 2 channels. We have seen pressure on a year-over-year basis with the e-com P&L contribution related to increases in digital marketing, and we're comfortable with that. We're viewing it or we're seeing that as an important vehicle to acquire new guests. So we're investing aggressively in digital marketing. And as I mentioned in my opening -- in the opening question, that's an important part of how we are driving traffic across the company broadly. The gross margin profiles are largely the same. We do -- as you're aware, we have been leveraging the website as a clearance vehicle. And we -- and by virtue of having the ship from store ability to connect the store clearance to the website is a very efficient and profitable way for us to clear excess inventory. So that does flow through the e-com P&L as well. But in general, the gross margin profiles are comparable between the channels. It's really the cost structures that are different. And the year-over-year pressure that I mentioned on digital marketing is notable as well. We expect that, that structure, that sort of margin structure, P&L structure, will continue. There's no reason not to expect that. And as we increase the percentage or penetration of our e-commerce business, it's a benefit to the overall company EBIT. So I hope that offers some color on your question there. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes. Definitely. Can you -- just 2 housekeeping question. 53rd week, how should we think about that for fourth quarter of this coming year? And then, on the transfer pricing, is there an opportunity to do, I guess, the reverse inversion and bring back the EBIT back to the States now that the attach rate here is lower? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. On the 53rd week, there's about just over a $40 million revenue impact in the fourth quarter, and that connects to about a $0.01 to $0.02 impact in earnings. And really, that's a result of this falling -- that week falling into a markdown -- a higher markdown period for the fourth quarter. So that's really the impact of the 53rd week. And on the tax rate question, there is more flexibility now, obviously, with the repatriation. We'll be evaluating the current structure into the future and taking this as an opportunity to take a look at it. Right now, the tax rate, the new tax rate in the U.S. versus Canada is essentially on par, so there's really no reason to make any changes to the transfer pricing agreements, but we'll certainly be taking a look at, going forward, what makes most sense in terms of our cash disposition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad of Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: [indiscernible] quarter, Glenn [indiscernible] ask you guys about e-commerce business [indiscernible] it's a pretty miraculous turnaround from where you were a year ago. Maybe the improved functionality and investments you've made. Maybe elaborate what's going on over there, without giving away your secret sauce? It's obviously having a huge material impact on the overall business and trying to figure out how much more there is to go for the business from that standpoint? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Omar. On the -- on our e-com business, it's been quite a journey from the first quarter, as Glenn had mentioned. There was a very quick response, and we're able to begin making improvements throughout 2017. And really, the improvements that we made in the second quarter and the third quarter were more process-related and things that were less technology-dependent. We certainly began immediately improving photography and some of the digital merchandising elements of the website in the second and third quarters. But I would say, more importantly, how the teams were working together was the most important factor. We broke down the silos, if you will, between merchandising, brand, e-com operations and technology and created a very cross-functional team that worked in a different manner. And so that led to better decision-making, faster decision-making. And we also identified early in the year the technology impediments that we had with the existing website, and we commissioned work with Deloitte, and we talked about last year as well where we essentially had the front end of the website rewritten with Deloitte's help. We then integrated that in the third quarter and launched the new website at the end of the third quarter. And so you saw those process and sort of low-hanging fruit steps in second and third quarter, and then in the fourth quarter, the inflection that we just reported was related to the new website. And we're pleased with all the hard work that our teams put into making that happen. We launched that website just shortly before peak season into the fourth quarter and really had no interruptions in the business. So it's a pretty remarkable achievement. But as you look at the website and the improvements that we had in the fourth quarter, I mentioned a few of those in that opening question, but it was really related to performance, faster load times, better navigation, visual merch that I just mentioned. There's a more intuitive interface in how the site shops. There were some checkout optimization, not a lot. And now -- but the most important factor that we fixed in the current version of the website was just creating a more flexible format where we can make changes to the website in hours or days where it used to take us weeks or months even. So there are some big issues that we're able to address with that update to the website. And as we look forward into 2018, we have some important projects teed up that will continue to drive conversion. And all the things I just mentioned have really been focused on driving improvements in conversion on the site. But this year, later this year, we will have a big effort around checkout as well as search and personalization. And so those enhancements will benefit and fuel further improvements in conversion and performance on the site into 2018. Then you combine that with the big investments that we made in digital marketing to drive traffic, you get a pretty powerful outcome from an e-commerce standpoint. So we would agree, it's been a remarkable turnaround, and there's a lot more in front of us in terms of how we're going to drive that business into 2018. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Baird Capital. 
Mark Altschwager: I guess, this dovetails a bit into the discussion you just had in there. But on the data analytics and CRM project, I think you characterized the efforts that's catching up. And early last year, when you realized you fell behind in digital, you caught up quickly, you filled SG&A higher but really paid off on the top line. So I guess, is there an opportunity to take similarly aggressive action to catch up quickly on the CRM and omnichannel capability fronts? Just curious how you're thinking about that? And whether that might need some acceleration in spending plans as -- in CRM as you build that team out this year? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Mark, thanks for the question. So it is a big focus. We are seeing benefits in the guest aspect of how we're applying data to drive the business. We're getting smarter in how we're being able to engage our guest via e-mail and other social media. And so I would say, we're going to see that benefit the business from a guest acquisition and retention standpoint. We think we can scale that. We can amplify it as we get smarter and have stronger capabilities in data analytics. There are some foundational investments that we need to make in technology that will help us be able to amplify that to a greater degree. Those investments are underway and part of the plans that we talked about, certainly, in the CapEx and the expense plans that we've outlined. We feel like we can drive this new capability with the financial resources that are reflected in the guidance. So we're not expecting. There's some new one-time project that we have to commit the company to that we'll need to share outside of the expense guidance we just offered. So we feel good about the amount of resources we have to drive that particular initiative. And the focus has initially been around our guest and our CRM capabilities. We will then extend that effort into merchandising and channel optimization, as I mentioned. And it's a big focus, and we're recruiting here. We've recruited some key leaders that'll help us build that strategy internally and bring new expertise that we didn't have before. And as I mentioned, we're going to make important investments in the infrastructure to support it. So look forward to sharing more with you guys as we go through the year and we make progress against those goals. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just 2 questions. Just the performance of the seasonal pop-ups you guys had this holiday, just kind of curious, can you let us know what kind of revenue that generated, what your plans are maybe this year in terms of pop-ups during the holiday? Do you to plan to accelerate the 24 that you did in Q4? And then, Stuart, just a quick one, can you maybe quantify the benefits on the gross margin line that you hope to see from the strategy that you laid out to improve the freight costs this year just kind of like -- just look at that one piece of the gross margin? Just curious. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Ike. On the seasonal pop-ups, really happy with how those performed. I think, we did 20... 
Sun Choe: 24. 
Stuart Haselden: 24 in fourth quarter, and we had -- we'll more than double that into 2018. And there was a number of those that we've actually kept open into the first quarter based on the strong performance that we saw. Of the 24 that we did, I think, all but 4 or 5 actually beat plan and were very successful. We are not going to quantify the sales impact, but you could probably get to a good estimate, just given the number that we have and using some of the averages that you might expect from a typical Lulu store. And the -- so the other thing I would say about the seasonal is that it's as much a guest acquisition vehicle for us as it is a sales driver. And Celeste mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had about 40% of our guests that shopped with us in the seasonal stores were new to the brand. So that was an important element for us as well. And the general philosophy is there are a lot of locations where we may not want to have a store year-round, but in the holiday season, it's still a relevant place to operate and to capture demand. So it's a good addition to the array of store formats that we have to employ. And then, on your gross margin question, the benefit is going to be sort of reflected in what we said in the gross margin guidance broadly. That is going to be one of a few factors that will benefit product margin and help us deliver that modest improvement for the overall year. We're not going to break it out specifically, but it's meaningful. It's related to reductions in the airfreight that I mentioned. We had previously offered a target for airfreight around 25% of our total mode, and we think we can do better than that in certain periods in a year. So I think that's as much that we're going to be able to say on that specific item, but we appreciate your question. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I would now like to hand the call back over to Howard Tubin for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining, everybody. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you in about 3 months when we report our first quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating. Have a pleasant day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-12-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for Lululemon Athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's third quarter earnings conference call. joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO; and Celeste Burgoyne, EVP, Retail, Americas.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business.
 Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to note for investors that in addition to the summary of key financial and operating statistics we began providing last month, we're now providing a supplemental slide deck, which provides highlights on our quarter. You can find both on our investor site. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. I am very pleased to report strong Q3 results and an increase in our full year guidance. Before we cover this in detail, I wanted to contextualize the strong momentum in our business and the unique position we own within the market we created.
 The retail landscape is experiencing unprecedented disruption, characterized by increasingly commoditized transactions and short-term focus. But disruption also equates to tremendous opportunity, and lululemon is at the forefront of unlocking the future of what defines a new era of human connection and a powerful evolution of retail.
 Across the globe, there is a behavioral shift to live an active mindful lifestyle. Guests are drawn towards brand with purpose that reflects who they are and who they want to be. lululemon empowers our guests to design the life they'll have. This is our DNA and has been for almost 20 years now.
 Our stores are the heart of this community, where guests immerse themselves in the brand through products brought to life by our educators and localized experiences, such as our Mindfulosophy lounge or in-store yoga led by our ambassadors.
 The constant from Bend, Oregon to Chengdu, China is the distance of connection to and being part of a local community. Online, we greatly enhanced the digital experience for our guests at the end of Q3, satisfying today's consumers' needs to explore and be inspired and also transact from any device anytime, anywhere.
 Delivering on our strategy enabled us to drive an acceleration in our business in Q3. Comps were up 7% on a constant-dollar basis. Adjusted gross margin improved 110 basis points, and adjusted EPS grew 19%. These results exceeded our guidance and keep us on our path towards delivering $4 billion in revenue in 2020.
 I'm energized by the momentum we're seeing at the start of the holiday season and grateful for the incredible enthusiasm I see every day from our team serving our growing collective around the world.
 Today, I'll share key highlights of the quarter and update you on our plans for Q4 and the holiday season. Stuart will provide additional details on the quarter, review our financials and provide Q4 and full year guidance. We'll then take your questions.
 When looking at our model, our vertical integration is a core competitive advantage. We have end-to-end control of every aspect of our business, from every guest interaction anywhere in the world, to a margin structure that allows us to stay positioned at the pinnacle of the market we created, investing in levels of quality and functionality that are unmatched in the industry.
 Our nimble and constantly evolving store portfolio from locals to co-located and experiential are highly attuned to each market's needs, reflecting industry-leading productivity while our footprint remains underpenetrated with only 388 locations across the globe.
 Online, we saw a significant acceleration this quarter, with constant dollar comps up 25%, fueled by double-digit increases in traffic, transactions and delivering our best conversion this year. Our digital journey has much runway ahead. It is the conduit to how we amplify our uniquely human connection with the growing collective. And we are thrilled with the guest reaction to the enhanced new experience and committed to delivering a compelling online, off-line ecosystem to our guests.
 In Q3, through focused marketing efforts, our active contactable profile list grew by 60%. We both retained and acquired more new guests and so increased transactions from our most loyal guests year-over-year. As we scale and grow internationally, a continued focus on insight and understanding of our guests will enable us to offer increasingly relevant guest journeys.
 We create market-disrupting product at the intersection of function and fashion, delivering innovation in technical performance through our unique science of feel. Reflecting our unparalleled leadership in women's pants, in Q3, we launched our newest fabric innovation, Everlux. Incredibly well-received by guests, it created a [ hell ] of our women's pants category, which comped up an impressive 24% in Q3.
 Going into holiday, on Black Friday, we launched another unique capsule collection for guests, collaborating with Forster Rohner, one of Europe's premier couture lace house, which contributed to our biggest week ever for pants sale in North America.
 And I'm also pleased to see our jackets and outerwear assortment comping 26% in Q3.
 On the men's side, we saw 21% increase in new male guests transacting with us this quarter. Due to additional focus on our co-located stores, our expanded ABC franchise to -- including slim and jogger styles and our first ever men's campaign, I'm excited to say that total sales in our ABC franchise doubled in Q3 versus last year, lifted by these initiatives.
 Our international growth pillar continues to reflect one of our most significant long-term opportunities. While at the beginning of this journey, the market growth across Asia was nearly 100% in Q3, while China itself grew over 450%. I visited China in late Q3 and I'm always in awe of the pace and scale of change, how digital is so intrinsically woven into every experience, seamlessly moving from online to off-line, reimagining the future of retail.
 Current guest behavior informs my belief that our e-commerce penetration in China could approach 40% to 50% of our business as we continue to grow and enhance our distribution channel, including Tmall and WeChat. And as evidence from Tmall's singles day this year, where we tripled our business relative to last year.
 Turning to Europe. In Q3, we experienced market growth of 40% and continue to focus our energy on the accelerating shift towards an active mindful lifestyle in Northern Europe. And we're excited by the market response to our first store in Munich, Germany, which has been incredibly positive.
 No matter where we are across the globe, our digital ecosystem fuels our insight on market readiness, allowing us to build awareness, energy and connections in a community before putting a physical presence. This strategy effectively supports our Q3 new store openings and looking to Q4 in form how we're targeting 6 additional stores in Asia.
 In North America, we are realizing the untapped potential in our core market across store and digital. Symbolic of the opportunity ahead, Fifth Avenue in New York and West 4th Street in Vancouver are both performing extremely well, with little to no cannibalization. Further validating our co-located store strategy and reflecting the opportunities that we see in both the U.S. and Canada due to our agile and relevant store formats.
 Whether online or off-line, we value and prioritize the direct connections we have with our collectives. The rapport that exist between our guests, educators, ambassadors across all our market is the heartbeat of the brand. This quarter, the Ghost Race, a 5-mile community race powered by the Strava app is a great example of online to off-line community building, catapulting lululemon to the #1 run community on Strava despite being activated across only 15 cities.
 Looking at Q4 and as we head into the holidays, I'm excited and inspired by the product, experiences and connections we are bringing to our guest. In North America, we're opening 22 seasonal store nimbly meeting our guests where they are. And as the holiday season kicked off, we experienced our highest traffic and largest revenue day ever on Black Friday and on Cyber Monday, our largest day ever of online sales. And reflective of how our guest value our brand, our product and the experiences we provide, our top-selling products all weekend was the Align pants at regular price.
 Amongst this backdrop, I know our holiday campaign is a breath of fresh air. "breathe it all in" reminds our guest to take a moment to be present, and guests are desiring this calm and connection like never before. It is just a few weeks in and is our most powerful campaign to-date. Our collective has donated 250,000 minutes of meditation. We are on track to acquire our most significant number of new guest per quarter ever, and our personalized emails are driving 15% conversion.
 In closing, the strength we exhibited in Q3 and at the start of Q4 validates our strategy, demonstrates the power of our brand and the connection we have with our growing global collective. With strengthened foundation reinvested in the brand and innovation and focused on operational excellence and efficiency to build a platform to create into a future not yet realized, the momentum in our business validates our position as an originator brand leading the market we created and capturing the accelerating global shift towards an active mindful lifestyle.
 We have exciting opportunities ahead of us as we expand into new international markets, deliver category disruptive product innovation and continue to explore how our brand deepens its connection across both men's and women's. Looking forward, I am more confident than ever in our growth strategy and our ability to execute powerfully against this pillar. As we head into the holidays, I want to extend gratitude for our teams around the world, who put the guest at the heart everything they do. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. As you mentioned, we are pleased with the accelerating momentum we saw in Q3 that is now extending into Q4. The strength in our business was fueled by positive performance in both our store and digital channels as well as strength in both men's and women's.
 We saw solid performance across an array of KPIs, notably traffic and conversion improved in both stores and e-commerce. Constant dollar comps were up 7%. Adjusted gross margin expanded 110 basis points, driven by continued strength and above-plan performance and product margin, which improved by 70 basis points, and EPS increased 19%.
 Also worth noting is the moderating growth rate in SG&A, up just 70 basis points this quarter, which contributed to our adjusted EBIT margin expansion. Inventory also remained well controlled and was up 9% at the end of Q3.
 Before taking you through our Q3 results in detail, I'd like to update you on the charges and costs associated with the evolution of our ivivva business. We now estimate that total costs associated with the transition will be $45 million to $50 million, down from our prior estimate of $50 million to $60 million. In Q3, we realized $22 million in impairment and restructuring costs related to the ivivva restructuring.
 Now turning to the details of Q3. Total net revenue rose approximately 14% to $619 million, with the increase in revenue resulting from strong performance across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 1% comp store sales increase on top of a 4% store comp in Q3 of 2016. We are also pleased with the 25% comp we posted in e-commerce. Our teams executed and refined the new processes implemented in Q1 and Q2, which enabled this acceleration in our digital business. So on a combined basis, we delivered a 7% constant dollar comp increase. 
 Excluding the ivivva store closures, square footage increased 12% versus last year, driven by the addition of 46 net new company-operated stores since Q3 of 2016. 26 net new stores in the U.S, 10 in Asia, 4 in Canada, 3 in Europe and 3 in Australia and New Zealand.
 The impact of foreign exchange increased revenues by $6.8 million while the hurricanes, which hit the U.S. during the quarter, decreased revenue by approximately $2.5 million. Gross profit for the third quarter was $322 million or 52% of net revenue compared to 51.1% of net revenue in Q3 2016. The gross profit rate in Q3 was adversely impacted by 20 basis points related to the ivivva restructuring. Excluding these items, adjusted gross margin increased 110 basis points versus last year. This exceeded our expectations for the quarter, with the primary driver being a 70-basis-point increase in overall product margin resulting from favorability in product mix and lower product costs, offset somewhat by modestly higher markdowns versus last year.
 I'd note that this increase comes on top of a 450-basis-point improvement in product margin last year. As our supply chain capabilities improve, we are continuing to identify margin opportunities to gain cost efficiencies across a number of areas. We saw a 20-basis-point favorable impact related to foreign exchange in the quarter and also posted 20 basis points of leverage in occupancy, depreciation and product and supply chain costs as these costs, in aggregate, came in better than expected.
 SG&A expenses were just over $215 million or 34.8% of net revenue compared to 34.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The deleverage in SG&A was generally in line with our expectations. Approximately 60 basis points of the increase relates to the planned costs associated with the improvements to our e-commerce platform that we previously outlined.
 Foreign exchange, including both translation and revaluation exposures, contributed an additional 60-basis-point increase. These were offset by lower professional fees versus last year, coupled with more efficient store and headquarters-related spend.
 Separately, as a result of our transition of the ivivva business, we incurred $21 million in asset impairment and restructuring costs associated predominantly with lease exits. Operating income for the quarter was approximately $86 million or 13.8% of net revenue compared to 17.1% of net revenue in Q3 2016.
 Excluding the pretax charges of $22 million related to the planned closures of the ivivva stores, adjusted operating income for the quarter increased to approximately $108 million or 17.4% of net revenue. As a reminder, operating margin this quarter includes approximately 60 basis points of costs associated with enhancements to our e-commerce business, as previously mentioned.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $28 million or 32% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 27% a year ago. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.8% versus 31.3% last year.
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $59 million or $0.43 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.50 for the third quarter of 2016. Net income in Q3 2017 included $16.4 million or $0.13 per share in after-tax ivivva-related charges. Excluding these charges, adjusted EPS was $0.56 per share compared to adjusted EPS of $0.47 per share last year.
 We repurchased approximately 140,000 shares that remained on our $100 million authorization during the quarter at an average price of $60.27 per share. By the end of the quarter, we had completed our authorization, putting our weighted average diluted shares outstanding at 135.6 million. With that plan complete, we are pleased that our board recently approved a new $200 million share repurchase plan.
 Capital expenditures were approximately $57 million for the quarter compared to approximately $35 million in the third quarter last year. The increase relates primarily to higher investments in IT and new store capital.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $650 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $397 million or 9% higher than at the end of Q3 2016 and below our forward sales outlook. Looking forward, we continue to expect inventory growth to generally grow in line with our forward sales trend.
 Before taking you through our guidance, I'd like to provide some additional color on our Q3 performance. On the men's side of our business, as Laurent stated, our ABC pant franchise increased 100% in the quarter and helped drive a 26% comp in our men's bottoms business. And we were likewise pleased with the results in women's pants, our most iconic category, which continued to deliver strong results, and comped up 24% in Q3. Our Everlux launch helped drive this trend, but core styles offered in our Nulu and Nulux fabrics also performed well.
 We're also excited that the momentum we saw in both men's and women's jackets and outerwear at the end of Q2 continued into Q3 as our evolved offering is resonating well with guests. We continue to see outerwear and jackets as an important opportunity for us in Q4.
 In our e-commerce business, the 25% constant dollar comp we achieved in Q3 was an important acceleration relative to the 16% comp we reported in Q2 when excluding the online warehouse sale. As Laurent mentioned, our digital business benefited as our teams continued to develop the new processes we've put in place during Q1 and Q2, focused on better photography, more intuitive merchandising and more disciplined planning.
 It's also important to note that we did not launch the new website until the end of Q3. We've been happy with our guest response to the revamped site and believe this, combined with the process improvements mentioned earlier, can help drive double-digit gains in our digital business in Q4 and into 2018 and beyond.
 Turning now to our outlook for the fourth quarter and the resulting updated outlook for the fiscal year 2017. Please note that the guidance we are sharing excludes costs related to the ivivva restructuring where applicable. We are pleased with the momentum we are seeing in the business across all channels as we've entered Q4.
 In the U.S., we have seen positive store traffic in the first 5 weeks of the quarter and sequentially improved store traffic in our Canadian business. And our newly enhanced e-commerce site is delivering important improvements in conversion that will support continued double-digit increases in our digital business.
 For Q4, we expect revenues to be in the range of $870 million to $885 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. This also assumes the Canadian dollar at 0.78 cents to the U.S. dollar and 16 new store openings in the quarter. We anticipate gross margin to increase by approximately 100 basis points versus Q4 of last year.
 Despite the strong increases in product margin last year that we're now anniversary-ing, we continue to see AUC opportunities, driven by our ongoing supply chain initiatives and the great work that our sourcing, logistics and distribution teams are delivering. We expect to leverage SG&A in Q4 by 50 to 100 basis points now that the expenses related to our digital acceleration work are predominantly behind us. Assuming a normalized tax rate of 30.4% and 135.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect normalized diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.22 versus $1 a year ago.
 For the full year 2017, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.590 billion to $2.605 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis. As we stated in prior quarters, the guidance range takes into account the closures of our ivivva stores and the associated reduction in revenues. We expect to open 46 company-operated lululemon stores in 2017. This includes 16 stores in our international markets and represents a normalized square footage increase in the low to mid-double digits.
 We expect normalized gross margin for the year to increase approximately 100 to 150 basis points from 2016, primarily driven by product margin improvement and the benefit of mix. We expect SG&A for the full year to deleverage by approximately 100 basis points versus 2016. This includes the digital-related investments incurred this year, which accounts for approximately 50 basis points of the increase.
 We now expect our normalized fiscal year 2017 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.48. This reflects the Q3 upside along with our confidence in our outlook for Q4. Our EPS guidance is based on 136.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and also assumes a normalized effective tax rate of 30.4%.
 We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $170 million for the fiscal year 2017, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT investments.
 In closing, I'm encouraged by the success achieved in Q3 as our teams executed well across all parts of the business. We see this story continuing now into Q4. And although the key holiday weeks remain ahead of us, I'm excited by what we're seeing so far, which has enabled us to raise our guidance.
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just a quick question, Stuart, on the gross margin line. You're guiding a mid-single-digit comp in Q4 similar to what you did in Q3, but you're seeing a -- much more gross margin opportunity, up 100 basis points. I think you guided Q3 flat. Just can you help us understand why there's so much more optimism to start Q4 relative to where we were 3 months ago for Q3? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Ike. And just to offer a little context on Q3, and I think it sets us up for the guidance that we've offered on Q4. So really pleased with the ability to post the margin -- the gross margin expansion that we saw in the third quarter lapping the big increases that we saw in 2016. And as we mentioned, the beat to our expectations really came through the favorable selling mix. In particular, the great comps that we've seen in pants, both men's and women's, and those categories bring with them some of the best margins in our assortment. And AUC results have also been quite favorable. And this reflects the ongoing work of our supply chain team. As we've talked about over the last couple of years, the work on the segmentation of our supply chain, the reduction of fabric liability, the better management of airfreight, the elimination and reduction of cancellations, all these things are continuing to extend the benefits that we've been able to capture. I think we have been pleased by the runway that we've been able to build on the margin improvement really exceeding our original expectations, where we had seen the lion's share of the improvement really happening second half of '16, first half of '17, we've been able to beat our own expectations there and the teams have been able to identify opportunities into the future, which is really a part of the gross margin guidance in the fourth quarter. And I would say that those opportunities don't end in the fourth quarter of this year. So the fourth quarter guidance reflects all those factors that I just mentioned in terms of where we've been able to identify efficiency in our supply chain. And it's worth noting that the selling mix benefits that we saw in the third quarter was -- they were not how drew up the quarter. We're pleased with how it's performed. To the extent that we see selling mix favorability in the fourth quarter, it could be some upside. But in general, we are pleased with the results that we've been seeing, not only in the third quarter, but into the first period of the fourth quarter. And what we're -- I think what we're seeing now really reflects the new margin architecture of the business. And this is a key element of the EBIT margin equation that we've been talking about for a while that will get us to an EBIT margin that starts with a 2. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: A couple of questions. The first one just, Laurent, the organizational structure for merchandising, it seems like there's been some changes there. Can you kind of talk of about what the right structure is for that part of your business and maybe where there might be some holes in leadership that you might want to fill? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, it's a good question. With Lee's departure, I mean, obviously, we've created a void with the credit director and we are incredibly grateful for the work that we've done with Lee for the past 3 years and where we've been able to take products. And we've -- during the transition, we've been able to launch spring '19 and do the credit kick off with him. So there's really no change in strategy or direction. I mean, that's a departure that was really driven by personal reasons. But when I look at the organization, you're going to see one announcement next week on the women's design side, which will be really powerful. But I think about head of design in men's, I mean, I think about how we're leading on the merchandising side, or from the innovation side, I mean, really, the 4 -- when you think about the pillars, the function, design and merchandising, I feel like we're in really, really strong shape. And obviously, '18 is very much planned already with the exception of up some capsules and collaborations that we're excited about. And the spring '19 kickoff that we had just a couple of weeks ago was probably one of the strongest that I've seen. So we're going to look for a creative director. But clearly, we're in no rush to fill that void. It's a very, very important role. It's not an easy role to fill and we've got incredible talent and people in all the key roles to continue to deliver and accelerate on the performance that you've seen so far. So I feel really, really good. 
Matthew McClintock: And then, if I may, one more quick one. Just on China, outstanding growth in that region, and you threw out the 40% to 50% longer-term penetration potential there. Can you maybe talk about your ability, how fast can you ramp that business up without initially overheating it, or is there a level of growth that's sustainable that we should be thinking about for that region? Or is it something that it's a land grab in some ways? 
Laurent Potdevin: You know what, it's -- every time I go, I learn so much and I'm amazed by -- I think it's hard to understand the scale unless you're on the ground. And so having been there and visiting Guangzhou, spending a day on the Alibaba headquarter and then being in Beijing and Shanghai. I mean, it's really interesting to see you've got 415 million Millennials. You've got the government that has a really strong plan, there are 2030 health plan, which is pushing people to be more active. You've got this -- you've got 130 million Chinese people traveling the world year-round. So a picture of Germany and France, like spending the whole year of travel, I mean, it's massive. And so when you see this group of Millennials more and more interested in an active and mindful lifestyle, more and more interested in experience. I mean, in many ways, they are leapfrogging what we have experienced with brick-and-mortar retail in North America and Europe. So we've got a brand with little awareness at this point, we've got a lifestyle that is really aspirational to this group. And so it's really the sky is in the limit. So -- I mean, I think it's hard to say where -- when we're going to mature. But seeing single day like tripling year-over-year, I think we've actually sum up the word that we've done with some of our ambassadors, with some of our influencers, we can actually accelerate that growth. It was really very exciting to land in Shanghai and walk by the newsstand and see our product on the cover of Harper's Bazaar, something that has not happened in North America. And I think it really speaks to how well, who we are and what we stand for resonates with that guest. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick with RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, one for Laurent. Laurent, maybe on the $4 billion or this high-teens sales growth CAGR the next couple of years that you keep laying out, I guess, was curious, between the buckets of North America, international, men's and digital, sort of what line item in there are you most confident in to get you to that $4 billion revenue number? And then maybe, Stuart, can you maybe talk about how we should be thinking about SG&A dollar growth going forward now that the e-comm and some of the contractor work is behind us. So the fourth quarter a good proxy for how we should be thinking about SG&A dollar growth or leverage? 
Laurent Potdevin: Brian, when I think about the -- thanks for your question. When I think about the 2020, I mean, I think about it in very simple terms. And I think we've outlined that in the past. But I mean, I think that by 2020, we've got $1 billion, like, digital business. We've got $1 billion men's business and we've got $1 billion, like, international market. And within international, obviously, it's going to be more heavily weighted on Asia. Within Asia, it's going to be more heavily weighted on China. And within China, it's going to be more heavily weighted on digital. But I mean, I think one really simple way to think about it is 1 million in men, 1 million in digital, 1 million in international. And obviously, the balance is continuing to do what we do so well with the rest of the business, especially with women's and driven by innovation, which we've seen resonating incredibly well in Q3 with the launch of Everlux in women's pants. 
Stuart Haselden: Okay. And Brian, let me try to answer your question on SG&A. So the -- as we've talked about previously, we are calling for SG&A leverage to help us achieve the EBIT margin rate in the low 20s. And as we've talked about previously, Q4 was an important period for us to begin delivering on SG&A leverage. As we look forward, and I'll give more color on Q4 in a second, but as we look for beyond the fourth quarter, we're going to plan a modest degree of leverage in our 5-year plan. And the rationale there being at a mid-teens total revenue growth, we want to ensure that we are providing the dollars to fund our growth initiatives each year so that we're not harvesting the business. We're continuing to reinvest at a healthy pace that will help sustain that top line trajectory. But also, in a very disciplined manner, allow those top like increases to promote through to earnings. So that is definitely how we've drawn up the plan, and we think that Q4 -- and I would also -- I would point to Q3 as well, as an important evidence of us achieving that plan. If you look at the third quarter, we had 70 basis points of deleverage. 60 basis points of that was related to the e-commerce recovery. You had another 60 basis points from FX. Offsetting that was 50 basis points of leverage from some of the cost management actions that we've been taking. So the overall picture in the quarter, if you take out the -- sort of the onetime recovery for our digital business, is it's pretty healthy from an SG&A standpoint. And then as we look into the fourth quarter, largest quarter from a revenue standpoint, easier for us to leverage our fixed cost. We're also getting past those digital acceleration onetime costs, so we don't have that weighing on the SG&A picture in the fourth quarter. The full benefit of the cost management action that we began in the beginning of the year, this connects to the SG&A leverage improvement that we guided to, that this is definitely part of our thinking for the business model as you look forward, continuing to invest in growth but doing so in a disciplined manner. 
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Our question is about digital and digital plus stores and what you're thinking about for the next opportunities for innovation in digital and also, as you think about driving community and mindfulness and the integration of your online and your physical stores. And then I had a product question, Laurent. What are your thoughts -- you've had such great momentum in the bottoms business. How are you feeling about the tops and the synergies there and the presentation of color relative to the past, that'd be great. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thanks, Oliver. So the first question was about digital, right? And when you think about our unique point of differentiation are really the heartbeat of this brand is our educators, our guests, our ambassadors and our ability to create the most amazing human connection and delivering credible product. And when you think about product, I mean, I don't think product is necessarily limited to 3-dimensional products that you wear. And so without saying too much, I mean we think that we've got a tremendous opportunity to enhance and amplify, that's particular truth in China right now. We've got an opportunity to really enhance the connective tissue between our guests, our ambassadors and our educators. And I see that one really good example of that is -- an O2O, what they refer to as O2O in China, an off-line to online event that we did with Alibaba, where we sold 250 tickets for a Yoga class in Beijing. So they were sold on Tmall. They sold out in 30 seconds. It was pouring rain, 247 people showed up. It was live streamed to 125,000 people and I think that day, we did about $700,000 in sales as a result of that exercise. I mean, I think that, that's where you can really see our ability to amplify what we just saw at the community level on a global scale. So that's -- and again, when we talk about creating transformational experiences for our guests, it goes beyond product the way you know product today. So I think that gives you enough hints as to how we think about our digital strategy. And I totally forgot about the second. 
Oliver Chen: The second question was about tops and just the parts of your assortment where you still see some opportunity, as you had such really awesome growth rates on the bottoms business. And then, Stuart, just functionally, from buy online, pick up in-store and inventory accuracy, what are some of the tactical opportunities and thinking about omnichannel that you're testing and that will harvest some results potentially over the next few quarters? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, just quickly, Oliver, on the product question. I mean, clearly, what we've done with the Enlite Bra and what we've seen since then really speaks to our ability to be just as strong in the bra category as we're in women's pants. And I'm actually really excited about the innovation and that's coming in '18 in the bra category. So when you think about owning her trust and her closet for both bottoms and bras, I mean, this is -- those are the 2 anchor categories, and that really -- that trust extends across every other category. So that's -- I think we're on a really good track there. But -- and I'm excited about the innovation and that's coming in '18. Same thing with tops, when you think about new fabrics, new construction, I mean, we know that there is a -- she wants to see more natural fabric. And you're going to see natural fabric from us, which were real technical, functionality is incorporated, but you're going to see the best of worlds coming into July in 2018. So we're excited about that as well. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, on your question on omnichannel. We're excited for the new functionality we'll introduce in '18 with buy online, pick up in-store. We're thrilled with what we've seen on other omnichannel initiatives, ship from store has been very successful. BBR is our highest comping channel as we think of it in those teems in the company. Our business models continues to become more and more omnichannel. Our stores and digital businesses become more and more intertwined every day. So we're excited that we're able to recognize demand in one channel and fulfill it in another in a more and more seamless manner as we develop these capabilities. I'm going to invite Celeste to also offer some comments as she is with us today. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Yes, thanks, Stuart. I mean, I think, Stuart, you spoke to the highlights in terms of omni, the way we know it today, in terms of ship from store, BBR and then buy online, pick up in-store, the launch next year. I think what I get the most excited about is how, first of all, agile our stores are in terms of merely being able to adapt and to be able to integrate omni into everything they do. And for us, the way I really look at it is, obviously, omni and digital go hand-in-hand with stores. And it's becoming more of a way we operate. And every touch point is really a touch point that we own, and we're leveraging both channels for what they're best able to deliver for us. As we look at our store portfolio rollout, as well as our digital business, we see kind of all those rise in our ability to use each channel strategically allows for that. And I don't know if you guys have seen today, but we actually won the Glassdoor #1 Retailer in both Canada and the U.S. from a retail employee satisfaction perspective, which again, to me, really is one of our key competitive advantages and allows us to really play local and leverage digital at the same time. So again, I think omni is kind of in a lot of ways our middle name and really how we look at the business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Stuart, as we think about gross margins from here more in a longer-term basis, any structural impediments which would prevent the model from returning to the mid-50s prior peak margin that we saw years back? And just how would you rank the gross margin drivers of expansion next year? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. As you look at the peak gross margins of the company a few years back, the assortment was very different. The mix of men's and women's was very different. And within women's, you had a much simpler raw material palette that the designers and merchants were working with. We have many more fabrics today that give a different profile from a cost structure and economic standpoint. So I don't see the -- see us returning to that gross margin in the mid-50s. I do see room for improvement in product margins, in particular, from where we are today, and that's part of the comments I offered earlier. I would also add, as you look below just the product margin line and you look at the cost for the product team and the supply chain teams, I do see substantial opportunity to leverage those products. We've made a lot of big investments over the last couple of years. So we do see opportunity there. And likewise, in occupancy. And you saw that in the most recent quarter, where I think we reported 20 basis points of occupancy leverage in the third quarter. You go back a couple of years ago, we were reporting, like, 100 basis points of occupancy and depreciation deleverage. So I think as our real estate portfolio has matured, particularly, as we've expanded the international part of the portfolio, and that those stores have seasoned in the overall portfolio in terms of the incremental additions of rent, it's at a place where we can begin to leverage that -- those costs into the future. So we'll certainly talk more on the next call about the -- about where we see gross margin get more specificity into 2018 and beyond. But the drivers that I would point to were the same thing that I mentioned earlier. The -- in particular, the segmentation of the supply chain, and what I mean by that is as we separate the different products in our assortment based on their life cycle on our selling floor, we're able to source them differently and more efficiently. And so that's been a big part of the savings and the improvements, efficiencies we've seen up to this point. That continues to be an opportunity, although not as large, not the big step function that we saw in '16 and early '17, but it's still an opportunity. And more exciting to us, as we transition our supply chain past just getting efficient and more coherent, we're beginning to be able to play offense and implement -- begin to test and implement speed models, which will compress our development cycle times. And we also have the opportunity to build stronger capabilities for Fast Turn and chase, which again will enable us to have more precise and accurate assortment and inventory decisions, which will reduce markdowns, which will be in turn benefit margin. So those are the things I'd point to. And again, when we're together again for the fourth quarter call, we'll be able to offer you additional details. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Matt, if I can just chime in. I mean, today, you've got a very different organization that you had at the time of peak margin. I mean, today, you've got a runway of international growth, you've got a men's business, you've got a digital opportunity. I mean, we've got a real strong runway. Like, our destiny is within our hands, and that's really driven by a rich pipeline of innovation. And so that's a very -- that's very sustainable and profitable model. And at the time of peak margin that you're referring to, I mean, you didn't have those opportunities ahead and you had a pipeline of innovation that was very dry. So, I mean, today, you're in a position that is far more sustainable with far more scale as we look to the foreseeable future. 
Matthew McClintock: Great. And then just on the balance sheet net cash position, annual free cash flow generation seems to be really nicely ramping here. Can you just talk to some of the priorities for excess cash going forward as we move into next year and beyond? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, absolutely. The priorities for our cash, really, the #1 priority is funding the organic growth of our business. And we are excited that we continue to identify great investment opportunities, whether its category expansion with the men's or the international expansion into Asia and Europe, those are the #1 priority for our cash. But even with that, you're correct, we're generating significant free cash flow. The next elements that -- or the next parts of the use-of-cash strategy is first creating financial flexibility to -- for us to evaluate a number of different ongoing strategies, and that would include a healthy return of cash strategy that you've seen in the last couple of years with our share repurchase program. So as that cash builds, we'll evaluate the priorities across those elements that I just mentioned and determine how best to deploy it. But again, I think as we wrap up the year and on the fourth quarter call, we can probably offer a little more detail on our use-of-cash strategy and what you should expect into next year and beyond. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, can you talk about what was store traffic in the third quarter in the U.S. and Canada? Also what you assume for store comp within your fourth quarter comp guidance. And then just separate, can you talk a little bit about the performance of the Fifth Avenue store? How does that store compare to some of your higher volume stores? Is it teaching anything about where the brand might resonate that you weren't thinking previously? And what percent of that store is tourist? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Thanks, Paul. Store traffic in the U.S. and Canada, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, is sequentially improved in the third quarter. There were periods of the third quarter where we saw positive store traffic in the U.S. And -- but for the overall -- overall quarter, U.S. store traffic is narrowly negative. Canada was a bit tougher. And while we saw the Canadian store traffic results improve from the second quarter to the third quarter, it's still negative. As we look at the fourth quarter comp guidance, there's a few things I would point to. The -- we have seen, quarter-to-date, through the first 4 weeks in the U.S, positive store traffic. So that's been very encouraging to see. It's been tougher in Canada, similar to the relationship that we saw in the third quarter. Sequentially improved, but not as strong in Canada as it has been in the U.S., and still negative in Canada. The -- we are not seeing necessarily a deceleration. As you look in the mid-single digit comp versus what we reported in Q3 is offsetting, we're not seeing a deceleration embedded in that fourth quarter guidance. What I would say is we're seeing peak periods so far in the fourth quarter, like the Black Friday week, outperforming expectations with the other periods that are not as peak as that being slower. So the trend overall has been choppy, if you will, with the highs being higher and the lows being lower. And as we sit today, we still have 70% of the quarter in front of us, some massive weeks coming up in the next 4, 5 weeks. So we feel like the guidance we offered of mid-single digit is appropriate [indiscernible] at this point. So -- and I'm going to defer to Celeste on the Fifth Avenue question. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Paul, and just on the traffic, one thing I would want to add on the traffic is we're also going where traffic is. So there's traffic comp and then how we're looking at our store portfolio is we're really also super open to deepening our experiences within these markets, and we have a strategy that is our seasonal store strategy. So this holiday, we've opened up 22 pop-up seasonal stores that will be in good traffic, decent malls and really capturing business where traffic is. So again, when you look at traffic comp, that's one piece of it. But we're also really looking to see how we become and continue to be really agile. Those stores from a seasonal perspective, we're really happy with results so far. But from an acquisition perspective, they are trending at about 50% of their guests are new guests. So again, just shows one of the strategies we're doing and it complements our other strategies from a community perspective to drive store comp traffic. In terms of Fifth Avenue, really happy with Fifth Avenue. It's quickly risen to the #1 store in the U.S. We are seeing really good AOV and really good UPT. In terms of tourist, it is over-indexing our other New York stores in terms of the percentage of tourists. That tourist is international as well as U.S. So mainly, Midwest and then international. So really happy, definitely over-indexes in tourists and new acquisition. And again, as an example for us of how we can definitely have more touch points in-market. So in New York City, we've been very, very, very little cannibalization from opening Fifth Avenue. And we actually have Time Warner on the books to open in the second half of 2018. And another good example of our ability to kind of go deeper in-market is Robson in Vancouver. Robson is our #1 store in Canada. And we opened Pacific Centre, which is 3 blocks away. And again, a really good example of where we're not seeing cannibalization and we're seeing an ability to really lead and run 2 very distinct businesses with really great community impact. 
Operator: The last question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: A couple of product questions. First on accessories. That assortment has really ramped over the last few months and seems like a nice opportunity over the holiday gifting period. Just curious what the penetration of accessories is today and how much you think that it can expand over the next few years here? And then separately on footwear, just curious on the learnings from the pilot and whether that can be a needle mover here in the short run. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, thank you. Well, on the accessory, I mean, we've -- our penetration right know, I think, is around like 7% or 8%. I mean, I said before, that for a brand, that is as strong and as aspirational as we are. I mean, we have the potential to be in the 12% to 15%. So certainly, we have a lot of runway. We've seen a nice acceleration in the latter part of Q3, probably as a result of the assortment that you're referring to. And we see the bulk of the opportunity really in bags, socks, yoga mat and headwear. I mean, obviously, we've got sort of other accessories on the side, but that's where you're going to see the bulk of the business coming from. So a nice opportunity for us with -- which is a great guest acquisition strategy and it's a high-margin category. So that's the penetration. It's, again, what we see as the potential. And the second question was... 
Mark Altschwager: The footwear pilot. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, footwear. I mean, what it's speaks -- it's an interesting pilot. I mean, what we are learning is that our stores are incredibly nimble and that they can adapt to new categories very quickly. But that was rolled out in a matter of weeks, really. So that speaks to the agility of our store. And it also speaks to the fact that our guests trust us beyond the category that they are in currently. So we're taking those learnings and we're thinking about what category this would apply to in the future, but not necessarily footwear. 
Operator: This concludes the time allotted for questions. I will turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining us, everyone. We look forward to speaking with you in about 3 months when we report our fourth quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; and Stuart Haselden, COO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business.
 Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligations to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investor section of our website, www.lululemon.com. 
 Before we begin the call, I'd like to note to our investors that we are providing a summary of key financial and operating statistics separately on our Investor site for your reference. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong Q2 results reflect focused delivery against our key growth initiatives. The strategic pillars, including digital, international, men's and North America drove the improvement in our business as we progress towards realizing our 2020 vision to achieve $4 billion in revenue.
 We've had some fantastic moments in Q2. We launched category-disrupting product innovation, such as the Enlite Bra; amplified and articulated the brand globally with This Is Yoga, reaching 50 million guests, equally split between men and women; and through powerful community activation, such as Unroll China, we connected directly with guests via live streaming our ambassador-led yoga class to over 150,000 people. As a result, we drove outperformance in Q2, delivering revenue of $581 million, a normalized gross margin of 51.6% and adjusted EPS of $0.39.
 Our adjusted EPS exceeded our guidance and grew modestly versus last year despite planned digital investment spending. Our comp results were strong across channels and merchandise category. Our performance in Q2 and solid momentum we're seeing in early Q3 gives me great confidence in our strategy and long-term plan.
 Today, I'll focus on the Q2 results and highlights of the quarter and share our plans for Q3 and the back half of the year. Stuart will review our financials and provide Q3 and full year guidance. We'll then take your questions.
 As an originator brand, we remain at the forefront of the market we created, powerfully owning our position as the brand that defines an active, mindful lifestyle. And in a world of increasingly commoditized guest transactions, our relentless focus on innovation, human connection and our vertical business model allows our guests to enjoy holistic experiences that transcends the 4 walls of a retail store, unlocking tremendous growth opportunity as we reach new guests around the world.
 From the launch of our first Mindfulosophy meditation lounge in our new store on Fifth Avenue, to the ecosystem of studio, store and community space we created for guests at Queen Street in Toronto, we design into a future of how people want to live their lives and connect with each other.
 Our laser-focused strategies to retain, inspire and inform guests through an enriched digital experience continues to drive performance. In Q2, we launched our first fully integrated product campaign online and in-store featuring the Enlite Bra. By highlighting its groundbreaking technology, created in our proprietary Ultralu fabric, our most innovative and most premium offering in bras quickly became a top performer, validating the significant potential ahead of us when we deliver category-disruptive innovation to our guests.
 Toward the end of the quarter, we began our seasonal store retailing, showcasing lightweight jackets and outerwear. Collectively, these campaign strategies have contributed to a 23% increase in traffic year-over-year. In addition and relative to Q1, site conversion has increased by 30%.
 We continue to make solid strides toward delivering a digital ecosystem that is a seamless extension of our store experiences, founded on human connection and deep product knowledge. Through improved creative photography and video that overtly highlight the innovative performance and functional detailing that defines our product, improved merchandise assortment and technical site enhancements, we are creating a consistently rich and compelling experience for guests. We are early in this journey, and I'm so excited about the tremendous impact our focus has had on the performance so far.
 As you know, international is a key growth driver for us, and we see great opportunity as guests around the world seek to live more active, mindful lives. Let me start by highlighting our strong performance in Asia. 
 Fueled by strong brand momentum, new-store openings and positive comps both in-store and online, this quarter, we saw 70% year-over-year market growth across Asia, highlighted by our momentum in China that has grown over 350% over Q2 last year. This exceptional growth is partially driven by the outperformance of new-store productivity. Our Tmall business increased 175%, fueled by more than doubling our traffic coupled with higher conversion.
 Building on the brand's unique positioning to elevate lives through an active, mindful lifestyle, we hosted our second Unroll China event in May. Held across 6 cities with over 10,000 attendees, including 5,000 in Beijing, we shared the power of practice via live streaming yoga classes in Chengdu and Beijing, a concept we'll continue to develop as an extension of the brand's digital ecosystem.
 We're on track to open 12 stores in Asia this year with 6 stores planned in the second half in China: in Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Shenzhen. And to broaden our Asian footprint, we are thrilled about opening our third store in Japan later this year in the heart of Shinjuku, following our April opening in Ginza Six and our prior opening in Harajuku.
 Having recently returned from Europe, while still nascent, it's exciting to watch the wellness trend in cities such as Paris and Munich begin to accelerate with new studios opening and increasing community engagement. Long term, I continue to see meaningful opportunity in the region as we build momentum with market growth over 50% year-over-year.
 We continue to believe that densification strategies in key cities, supported by a compelling digital ecosystem, is the best path to build strong brand loyalty. In the second half of the year, we're on track to open 2 new stores, including our first store in Munich.
 In London, where we've built our strongest presence, I experienced firsthand our second annual Sweatlife Festival. This community event brought together 2,500 guests to experience a day of sweat offered by London's top studios while also taking yoga off the mat, through different talks, meditations and personal development sessions. Having personally done back-to-back spinning and boxing, it's safe to say that Londoners are set. Sweatlife is a very effective way to connect with and build our collective, and similar activation will be rolled out in the future.
 Turning to North America. Before I share updates on Q2, our thoughts are with everyone impacted by Hurricane Harvey. And we are actively supporting our collective in the wake of this devastation. We have 8 stores in the region and have been working closely with colleagues and our communities to ensure the safety and well-being of our people and their loved ones.
 Returning to our North American performance this quarter. We recently opened destination locations in key market, including New York and Vancouver. In New York, we opened on Fifth Avenue, including our first-ever meditation lounge Mindfulosophy, acting as a destination for visitors from all over the world to escape the city and allow them the space to take a moment to breathe. We're thrilled with the performance so far. It's accretive to our New York store fleet and allows guests from around the world to experience the brand. In Vancouver, we have just reopened our very first store on West 4th in Kitsilano, a beautiful, colocated format that incorporates new technology, innovation and enhanced visual merchandising.
 Supporting our growing presence and relevance in the run category, we were front and center at the Toronto Waterfront 10K as lead sponsor, creating incredible energy in our stores, interacting with our educators and ultimately reaching 4 million guests over the race weekend. In the Hamptons, in collaboration with SoulCycle at the Barn, we hosted guests throughout the summer. And just 2 weeks ago in Vancouver, we hosted our sixth annual SeaWheeze run and festival, arguably the best half marathon in the world, welcoming 10,000 runners from over 18 countries to experience the best of the brand and creating a positive halo impact on local store performance.
 Focusing now on product. Our Q2 performance in men's positively reflect the $1 billion-plus potential ahead of us in this category by 2020. Men's is still one of our best-kept secrets, and we're focused on guest acquisition and talking to men in unexpected ways, through curated and targeted experiences, community activation and colocated stores. We continue to deliver significant outperformance in the core category of men's pants and shorts, seeing 23% growth in Q2, driven by the strength of our ABC franchise.
 Tops also performed well this quarter with ongoing demand for our multiple Metal Vent styles, including Surge, where we delivered new innovation in the lightweight version, Henley and 1/2 Zip. Looking to Q3. I'm stoked about our first focused men's brand campaign launching mid-September, expressing our unique perspective as an extension of This Is Yoga.
 Turning now to our women's business. Bottoms performed strongly, led by our Engineered Naked Sensation styles, Align and Fast & Free. Women's tops, both short sleeve and long sleeve, drove a really strong inflection in our comp as our guests responded positively to burnouts, engineered mesh and our supernatural fabrics, delivering the soft, natural feel guests love with high-performance attributes.
 As we enter the second half of the year, I'm excited to see the momentum continuing in Q3 across jackets and outerwear, specifically within the core scuba hoodie and packables. With a dedicated focus on this category for fall, our teams have created an assortment balancing function and fashion.
 Building on our core product offering, we launched an exclusive capsule collection with Taryn Toomey. Brought to life through a beautiful campaign, we had an overwhelming positive response with majority of online products selling out in the first day.
 On the theme of exploration, we continue to invest in delivering the most innovative, quality, functional items across our guest needs. Given our unique ability to connect with consumers, enabled by the strength of our educators, we can easily adapt to new strategies to cater to our guests' wants and needs. For example, this fall, we're piloting our first head-to-toe guest offering in select stores across North America through a partnership with APL, a footwear brand that shares our values, [ living ] at the intersection of function and fashion. This model of partnering and learning how to deliver the best experience possible to our guests provides great insights as we explore new categories in the future.
 Looking to Q3, we'll see the launch of our newest fabric innovation, Everlux, designed for high-intensity workout like spin, where a studio environment provides little airflow and high humidity as Everlux wicks the wet sweat like nothing else.
 As I shared in my opening remarks, the initial response to our first global brand campaign has been positive and a great learning with an exceptionally strong connection in China as we look to accelerate how we amplify the reach and engagement of the brand. As we enter the fall, we're excited for you to see the next iteration of This Is Yoga brought to life in our men's and holiday campaigns.
 Before passing over to Stuart, I'd like to take a moment to share some updates to our Board of Directors and executive team. First, a very warm welcome to Tricia Patrick, who joins the board from Advent International, bringing global experience across consumer sector. I know she will bring valuable insight to all of us. I'd also like to say thank you to Steve Collins, who has stepped down from the board, for his commitment and valuable contribution during what has been such a tremendous period of growth and development for lululemon.
 Following 3 years with the brand, I want to share gratitude for Duke Stump, EVP of Brand & Community, who will be moving on at the end of September. We are grateful for his leadership and commitment to building purposeful, authentic brand storytelling, and a search is underway for a new leader. 
 Our EVP of People & Culture, Gina Warren, will be leaving as well for personal reasons, and we have a great internal candidate stepping into the role. While these changes are important, we have a strong and expanding team driving this business as it continues to grow and evolve. The brand is stronger than any of us individually. And as this result powerfully demonstrates, we are firmly in control of our destiny and believe there is tremendous potential ahead of us.
 In closing, this has been a standout quarter as we made significant progress within our key growth drivers. I'm excited by the momentum in our business as we enter fall, driven by product innovation, community activations and key partnerships, which build loyalty with our new and existing guests alike. I'm energized by the enthusiasm and dedication I see every day from our global collective, and I'm grateful for their passion to growing our brand. I have full confidence that we can deliver on our 2020 vision and cement our position as the leading global brand that defines an active, mindful lifestyle.
 And with this said, I'll pass it over to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. As you mentioned, we are pleased with the acceleration in our business in Q2 and the positive momentum that's now continuing as we enter fall. The strength we saw in the second quarter was broad-based across all channels and reflected in our key operating metrics. Specifically, our store business saw a nice improvement in traffic that is now extending into the early part of Q3. We also saw positive trends in conversion, AUR and UPT, which gives us confidence in our store comp trends as we're not depending on any single factor. 
 And online, while the business did benefit from our warehouse sale, the underlying KPIs are healthy as we've seen increases in both traffic and conversion as guests are responding nicely to the enhancements we're making to the site. And as Laurent also mentioned, we are still in the early innings of our e-commerce business and continue to see outsized growth potential here.
 I'm also excited for the ongoing strength we're delivering in product margin. Our adjusted gross margin increased 220 basis points in Q2, well above our expectations. As we continue to elevate our game and supply chain, we expect to deliver ongoing product margin benefits as well as new strategic capabilities on which I will elaborate shortly.
 Before taking you through our Q2 results, I'd like to update you on the evolution of our ivivva business. As of August 20, all the ivivva stores and other locations planned to close have ceased operation. 7 locations remain operating in key markets around the country. And our Fashion Island ivivva location has been closed temporarily but will reopen in the coming months. There's been no change to our e-commerce business, which remains in full operation. 
 We continue to estimate that total costs associated with the transition will be $50 million to $60 million, which includes the $17.7 million realized in Q1 and $5.4 million recognized in Q2. The bulk of the remaining costs will be recognized in Q3.
 Now turning to the details of Q2. Total net revenue rose approximately 13% to $581 million with the increase in revenue resulting from strong performance across all parts of the business. In our store channel, we delivered a 2% comp store sales increase, reflecting an acceleration sequentially from Q1. And more impressive was the 30% comp we posted in e-commerce, reflecting the ongoing success of our efforts here. 
 We did hold an online warehouse sale in the quarter, which added approximately 14 percentage points to the overall e-commerce comp. So on a combined basis, we delivered a 7% constant dollar comp increase. We also posted increased square footage of 11% versus last year, driven by the addition of 42 net new company-operated stores since Q2 of 2016: 24 net new stores in the U.S., 9 in Asia, 4 stores in Canada, 4 in Europe and 1 in Australia/New Zealand.
 And finally, the impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $2.4 million. Gross profit for the second quarter was just over $297 million or 51.2% of net revenue compared to 49.4% of net revenue in Q2 2016. The gross profit rate in Q2 was adversely impacted by 40 basis points related to the ivivva restructuring. Excluding these items, adjusted gross margin increased 220 basis points versus last year. This exceeded our expectations for the quarter with the primary driver being a 260 basis point increase in overall product margin, resulting from favorability in product mix and lower product cost, partly offset with higher markdowns due to the online warehouse sale. Offsetting these factors were 20 basis points related to foreign exchange and 20 basis points of deleverage in occupancy, depreciation and product and supply chain costs.
 SG&A expenses were just over $225 million or 38.8% of net revenue compared to 35% of net revenue for the same period last year. The deleverage in SG&A was generally in line with our expectations. Approximately 1/3 of the increase relates to the planned costs associated with the improvements to our e-commerce platform that we previously outlined. An additional 1/3 of the deleverage is due to costs associated with our global brand campaign, This Is Yoga, and related digital marketing. Foreign exchange contributed to the remainder of the deleverage as we anniversary-ed prior year gains. It is important to note that our FX revaluation exposure this quarter was largely mitigated due to the hedging strategies we had put in place earlier in the year.
 Separately, as a result of our transition of the ivivva business, we incurred $3.2 million in asset impairment and restructuring costs associated with the writeoff of capital assets, lease exits and severance.
 Operating income for the quarter was approximately $69 million or 11.8% of net revenue compared to 14.4% of net revenue in Q2 2016. Excluding the pretax charges of $5.4 million related to the planned closures of the ivivva stores, adjusted operating income for the quarter increased to $74 million or 12.8% of net revenue versus 14.4% of sales last year. As a reminder, operating margin this quarter includes approximately 120 basis points of costs associated with enhancements to our e-commerce business as previously mentioned.
 Tax expense for the quarter was approximately $21 million or 29.9% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 28.1% a year ago. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 29.6% compared to 30.5% in the second quarter of 2016. The tax rate came in lower than our guidance due to favorable adjustments related to our 2016 returns.
 Net income for the quarter was approximately $49 million or $0.36 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.39 for the second quarter of 2016. Net income in Q2 2017 included $4 million or $0.03 per share in ivivva-related charges. Excluding these charges, adjusted EPS was $0.39 per share compared to adjusted EPS of $0.38 last year.
 We repurchased 1.5 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $52.93 per share. By the end of the quarter, we had completed a total of $91.5 million in total share repurchases under the current $100 million authorization, putting our weighted average diluted shares outstanding at 136.3 million.
 Capital expenditures were $30 million for the quarter compared to approximately $45 million in the second quarter last year. The reduction relates primarily to lower corporate head office and IT capital versus the prior year.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $721 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $316 million or 14% higher than at the end of Q2 2016, in line with our forward sales outlook. We expect our inventory growth at the end of Q3 and for the balance of the year to generally grow in line with our forward sales trend.
 Turning now to our outlook for the third quarter and updated outlook for the fiscal year 2017. Please note that the guidance we are sharing excludes costs related to the ivivva restructuring.
 We are pleased with the momentum we are seeing in the business in all channels with exciting product launches, cohesive storytelling in stores and online, and an improving web experience, these factors are now carrying the momentum we saw in the second quarter into the third quarter. For Q3, we expect revenues to be in the range of $605 million to $615 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2016. This also assumes the Canadian dollar at $0.77 to the U.S. dollar and 14 new-store openings in the quarter. 
 We anticipate gross margin normalized for ivivva to be relatively flat with Q3 of last year. The strong product margin improvement we've experienced over the last year while still improving in the third quarter will moderate as we are now anniversary-ing last year's significant increases. These increases are then offset with modest deleverage on occupancy and depreciation. 
 We expect SG&A in the third quarter to delever from Q3 2016 by approximately 50 basis points. This deleverage is primarily associated with our continued efforts to deliver critical enhancements to our e-commerce website that are extending into the third quarter. Assuming a normalized tax rate of 30.4% and a 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect normalized diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.52 versus $0.50 a year ago.
 For the full year 2017, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.545 billion to $2.595 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low single-digit range on a constant-dollar basis. As we stated last quarter, the guidance range takes into account the closures of our ivivva stores and the associated reductions in revenues.
 We expect to open 47 company-operated stores in 2017. This includes 15 stores in our international markets and represents a normalized square footage increase in the low double digits. We expect normalized gross margin for the year to increase approximately 100 basis points from 2016, primarily driven by product margin improvements, offset with modest deleverage in product and supply chain SG&A as well as occupancy and depreciation. 
 We expect SG&A for the full year to deleverage by approximately 50 to 100 basis points versus 2016. This includes the digital-related investments incurred this year, which accounts for approximately 50 basis points of the increase. In addition, we will continue to invest in brand and community activities; technology, which I will speak to a bit more later; and our international expansion. As indicated in our Q3 outlook, we continue to expect the SG&A rate to moderate, and we expect leverage in Q4. 
 We now expect our normalized fiscal year 2017 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.42. This reflects the Q2 upside, along with our continued confidence in our outlook for the second half of the year. Our EPS guidance is based on 136.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and also assumes a normalized effective tax rate of 30.3%. We expect capital expenditures to range between $175 million to $180 million for the fiscal year 2017, reflecting new-store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT investments.
 Before we take your questions, I'd like to highlight our ongoing efforts in both supply chain and technology as we build the infrastructure needed to support a $4 billion-plus organization.
 Looking at our supply chain. Over the last year, we've realized significant benefits to our product margin, thanks to the strategic initiative we began in 2015. That project led directly to reduced AUC and has contributed to over 350 basis points of product margin expansion in the last 12 months. 
 While we're now anniversary-ing those improvements, I'm excited by the opportunities that remain for us to realize efficiencies within our supply chain and further improve our product margin. We currently have efforts underway that will allow us to dramatically improve our speed and flexibility in how we bring product to market. We're accomplishing this in several ways, including the development of a segmented supply chain to unlock efficiencies, staging fabric to better position us to chase demand and implementing new speed models for our core and seasonal styles. 
 In addition, one of our key strategic sourcing partners is pursuing production facilities in Haiti. This would not only help us reduce lead times on product we source with them, but we would also realize freight and duty benefits as well.
 And turning to technology. We are focused on building capabilities that will leverage our business across critical areas and unlock new ways to engage our guests. In the near term, Julie Averill, our recently named CTO, continues to strengthen our technology team and set the IT agenda in support of our business goals. An important upcoming milestone will be the update to our website later in Q3, which will deliver site enhancements in time to impact the holiday selling period. We also continue to work to enhance our inventory allocation systems to improve how we flow product to better anticipate guest demand. Certainly more to follow but we're excited by the progress in these areas.
 And with that, let's open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Laurent, the Everlux pant, how does that fit into the matrix regarding Luon and Luxtreme? And as you think about product and the big opportunity buckets longer term, could you speak to the to and from opportunity within women's? And any other thoughts you have on where your portfolio particularly has big opportunities to grow over the long term? And Stuart, I just had a question about thinking about digital in terms of where you are versus the investments and how you're feeling about the mobile experience and the integration with stores? And also, some of the earlier issues we saw, it seems like a lot of those are resolved, would love your thoughts. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Oliver. That was a lot of questions. Well, the Everlux fabric totally fits in our Engineered Sensation, in a more high-sweat studio environment. So it's really the continuation of what we've seen be really successful with our guests, delivering the feel that they need depending on their sweaty activities from outdoor to indoor and from high sweat to low sweat. So it's the continuation of pursuing innovation in our Engineered Sensation franchise. And given the success that we've seen with Nulu and Nulux, we're actually thrilled to continue to innovate in that area. From a men's standpoint, I mean, we're going to -- we've got a great campaign coming up with the ABC franchise that you're going to be seeing expanded. And I would point that in Q2, we've seen a really, really strong inflection with tops in general, both men's and women's, short sleeve and long sleeve, with really strong comp in the low 20s. So very happy with that. And obviously, the launch of the Enlite Bra shows that when we lead with innovation, I mean, we launched our highest price point bra, which quickly became the #1 selling bra. So that really sort of validates our position as the brand that created this market that leads with innovation. And when we deliver value to our guests, we actually have a tremendous opportunity to continue to increase AUR. As far as categories in the future, I mean, we're really excited about the assortment that will -- that is landing for jackets and outerwear. I think the pilot that we're doing with footwear really speaks to how nimble our stores are in adapting to new categories, but also the strength and the elasticity of the brand in expanding our presence in multiple categories. So very, very excited about what's coming up. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, to answer your questions on digital, we've made great progress in the second quarter. As we look at how that's reflected in our KPIs, we're seeing a really strong improvement sequentially in conversion as well as traffic. And I think as you -- most evident as you shop the site, you can see the improvements we've made in visual merchandising, the integration of the photography improvements with just how the site shops has been meaningful in how we've been able to improve the guest experience online. On your question specifically with regard to the integration with the stores. I think the majority of the focus there has been enabling and unlocking the omnichannel aspects of our business model. The -- just pooling -- how we're able to connect the pools of inventory between the different channels has been the real focus. From a mobile standpoint, I would say we have a lot of opportunity to make improvements there. That is something that, I think, is still in front of us in terms of tackling that as a major element of the broader digital strategy. I think as we look at the website upgrades, as we look forward to -- further into Q3 and the website upgrades that we're looking to accomplish with the completion of the update that we're in the work of now, I think importantly, we're going to see additional visual merchandising enhancements. We'll be able to better shop -- guests will be able to better shop. Our outfitting options -- we'll create better outfitting options. We'll have a more powerful presentation of our franchises, such as the ABC pant that Laurent mentioned. And we're also going to importantly create greater flexibility for our e-commerce team to make updates quickly. The earlier version of the site is very brittle. It's not -- we're not able to make changes quickly. The new update will enable us to have a read-and-react capability we haven't had previously. So that will be important to ensuring we've got the -- our best foot forward with what's working on the website. There'll be some checkout improvements but more substantive checkout improvements later in the year. So we're really pleased with the progress. It's showing up in our results and look forward to providing further update on the Q3 call. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick of RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: This is Kate on for Brian. Stuart, I was just hoping you could talk a bit more about the supply chain and product margin opportunity, the work that you're doing there. Certainly understand that the product margin opportunity might moderate here into the back half as we lap some of last year's gains. But next year, how should we think about the opportunity and the timing of the supply chain work that you're doing rolling through? And also, if you could contextualize it versus the 350 basis point gain that you've seen over the last several months? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Kate. The -- first, just let me say, we're really pleased with how the teams have developed a very disciplined process across design, merchandising, planning, sourcing and logistics over the last couple of years. That effort of the team has really enabled the improvement that we've seen. As we have described, the step function improvement in the gross margin has unfolded as we have expected in the second half of '16 into the first half of '17. That being said, we are identifying ongoing opportunities to improve our product margin, not only from just the -- as we grow in scale and gain scale economies in our sourcing structure but also through a very deliberate segmentation of our supply chain. As we look at how long products live on our floor, we're able to source them more efficiently based on the lifespan they have within our assortment. And in addition to that -- and we spoke to this, I believe, a little bit on the last call, we're looking to build new capabilities in our supply chain around speed and flexibility. The opportunities we have to stage fabric, to be able to respond to demand as we see it emerging, offers really important opportunities not only to capture incremental sales as we're in a better in-stock position but also to do that in a favorable margin outcome. So those are new capabilities that we're looking to build. We're in a much stronger place to be able to play offense, if you will, with our supply chain, a place where we weren't -- we didn't have those options a couple years ago. So very excited to see those new opportunities emerging. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Kate, this is Laurent. I would add quickly that our focus on innovation also allows us to expand on margin through AUR. I mean, like the Enlite Bra being a really good example of that. And when I think about our focus on accessories and outerwear, those are 2 categories that have a lot of growth ahead of themselves with -- there's a lot of innovation and really healthy margins. So I mean, like our innovation will drive AUR, which in return will continue to drive margin expansion. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Yes. Laurent, I was hoping that we could talk a little bit more on the footwear pilot. Longer term, how do you see footwear as an adjacent category that you can go into? And more specifically, I was wondering, how do you think about finding what right balance in footwear between fashion and technical, especially when the technical players and the existing players in the industry are highly consolidated with substantial scale for innovation? 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you. Well, I mean, we look at this pilot as a great opportunity for learn -- to learn. I mean, obviously, APL sort of lives in a similar space as we do, at the intersection of function and fashion, so it was a very natural collaboration for us. And it's -- we've been able to learn how to potentially add footwear to our assortment in our stores. And in Q4, we'll continue to pilot with an online assortment. So I mean, it's definitely an adjacent category. And we're intrigued. And we don't need the category to deliver on our 2020 commitment. So I think that's really what's critical. I mean, we're looking at a number of categories. Some of it might be in the world of product that are three-dimensional, the way you know it but far too dense. Some of it might be in the world of services or content. And so we're being very curious. We don't need any of those categories to achieve our 2020 vision to get our revenues to $4 billion. And we're excited about the learning. So we're going to continue to look at the potential of the categories and how it ties to what we're doing. And we'll see more of that in the early part of 2018. 
Matthew McClintock: And if I could have a follow-up. Just, Stuart, on -- you mentioned one of your partners is building a facility in Haiti and getting closer to the end market. Is that something longer term that you would expect to see more of in terms of your sourcing partners? And can you maybe talk just not only about the benefits of that, but in terms of how that -- how you can establish a better relationship with those companies when there's probably a lot of competition for that local space? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. Yes, it's -- the supplier that we're making reference to is one of our closest and most important partners. And the efforts that they're in, in that regard is something we've been in discussions with them around for a while. So in some level, the volumes we'd be looking to place with them have been a part of their decision, I think, to pursue that particular opportunity. And the benefits are obvious in that the speed to market as well as the cost structure advantages are strategically appealing. And we would certainly -- we're constantly looking at different options, different regions of the world and looking, at the same time, to diversify our supplier base to create the strongest combination of suppliers. So the regional appeal of having something closer to our home market is pretty compelling. And it's certainly something that we'll look to explore and amplify where we see that it makes sense. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about your plans for physical and online warehouse sales that are built into your back half guidance? And also curious about who that customer is. Are you seeing a different customer respond to that online warehouse sale? And then just one clarification. Did you quantify how the performance of tops versus bottoms or for men's? If you could provide some color there. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, let me start with the warehouse sale question. It's really -- the decisions and when we make those decisions to hold warehouse sales are really driven by our inventory position and where we see the sell-throughs and the inventory position that it makes sense for us to go ahead and pull the trigger on holding those events. We don't do it as a revenue driver. And so as we think about our revenue outlook for the second half of the year, it's not dependent on any warehouse sales. And again, we'll continue to evaluate our inventory position and make a decision on how to -- how and when and if we'll hold one in the second half. Certainly, longer lead time on the physical warehouse sales than the online. And we also -- we don't want to train our guest to wait for those. And so we want to have -- we don't want to have a predictable cadence of when we host those warehouse sales. And so we may or may not end up doing one or some combination of them in the second half. It's a lever we have to pull to stay on top of our inventory movement. The customer question around who is the customer that participates in that. It's a combination of probably some of our best customers as well as more price-sensitive customers. And we're pleased with the pretty robust interest that we see around both of those formats I think is a testament to the demand and the appetite for the brand. And also how we don't do it often. And so when we do it, we see a pretty frothy response to those sales. And then you had a question on tops versus bottoms. So we have -- we continue to see a really strong sell-through in bottoms. Strong double-digit sell-throughs really in the 20s for both women's and men's pants in the second quarter and extending into the third quarter. Tops have been strong as well, very healthy high single digit, low double-digit trends in both men's and women's tops in Q2 and into Q3. So [ other ] than stronger, but we're not unhappy with the tops trend. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, just what's not performing well? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, it's a good question. I mean, we're really seeing like our efforts paying off across all of our key 4 pillars across digital, men's, international and North America. I mean, I think we've got a tremendous opportunity ahead of us. Not that it's not doing well, but there's an opportunity to realize both in accessories and outerwear. And we're really increasing our focus in both categories. I mean, accessories is a really high-margin category. It's got a lot of upside, but it's also a great point of entry for people to get into the brand and become our guest. So we're excited about that. I think we've got opportunity to do -- to have a stronger and wider assortment, both in bags, socks and intimates. And I'm really passionate about the work that we can do with outerwear. When you think about what we've done with Engineered Sensation and translating that to the world of outerwear with the amount of innovation that's available in that world and it's another high-margin category. So I would point out to these 2 categories with -- not necessarily where we're not doing well because we're really pleased with the assortment that's landing for jackets and outerwear this fall, but a lot of upside and both for men's and women's, actually. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to ask about the DTC business and the performance relative to the low to mid-teens guidance you gave for Q2. Just wondering, was the warehouse sale much larger than anticipated? Or what were the factors that drove total DTC so far ahead of your plans? And then ex the sale, I think up 16% constant currency. Is that how we should be thinking about that heading into the back half of the year? Or would you perhaps anticipate some acceleration as the site enhancements and digital marketing initiatives gain some momentum? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Mark, it's Stuart. So really pleased with the e-commerce trend that we saw in the second quarter. And as I mentioned, conversion in particular recovered nicely. I think that's a result of the work that we had talked about as part of that digital acceleration effort. And the warehouse sale did exceed our expectations. It was -- actually, it set a record for us in terms of the amount of volume that we did with an online warehouse sale. So it was well above expectations. And as we think about the guidance into Q3, we're certainly putting that aside as we look at that mid-single-digit guide and looking at the trends that we're seeing currently in the business sort of more in line with the e-commerce also in Q2, excluding the warehouse sale. But there's -- there are benefits that we see in the second half of the year, in Q3 and Q4, from a digital standpoint. As we complete the website work that we just talked about, we are expecting that to have a tailwind on our e-commerce trend. We're still realizing benefits from This Is Yoga. We have ongoing investments in digital marketing. I think our product assortment is continuing to improve. Big opportunities for us in jackets and outerwear that Laurent mentioned into the second half of the year as that part of the assortment, in particular, improves. And on the brand marketing side, you heard Laurent mention the men's campaign that you will see later in September that will coincide with the introduction of several new styles in our ABC franchise, the first of which is our ABC slim pants that's in stores and on the website now and is really exceeding expectations. So there's a number of things that we believe offer upside opportunity for us in the second half of the year, both from a product standpoint, a brand marketing standpoint and from a channel execution standpoint. So really excited for what's in front of us. 
Operator: Next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On your global store profile, how best to think about the pace of store openings in Asia, in Europe? Can you talk to some of the drivers of the improved productivity you've been seeing more recently? And just where do we stand on international profitability? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, I think, I'm not sure that I think about it in terms of number of store is the right metric, to be honest. I mean, we're seeing what we've done during Unroll China and how we were able to live stream to 150,000 guests. That was incredibly powerful. You look at our performance on Tmall being 175% up year-over-year. That's an incredible avenue for us to put eyeballs on the brand. And our densification strategy in key cities, whether it's London, Beijing, Shanghai or Tokyo, is really paying off. Because when we look at sort of the halo that it creates in Tier 2 cities from a social media or from a brand awareness standpoint, it's actually really, really powerful. I mean, I was really very pleasantly surprised with the impact of This Is Yoga in China, where for a very low cost of acquisition, we were able to create tremendous brand awareness. So I think that we're not going to get ahead of our ourselves with stores. I mean, we want to be really sort of vibrant in the communities that we're in, mostly in those Tier 1 cities where we're densifying. And I think that we'll continue to look at footprint the same way we're looking at it in the U.S. and like you saw products like what the work -- what the team is doing in North America where, in a mature market, we're actually incredibly nimble with the number of store formats, from local, all the way to what we've done recently on Fifth Avenue. So I think it's more a question of really being strong in those Tier 1 cities and then leveraging that, the halo that it creates with a strong digital ecosystem. And I mean, in Asia, we've got a great sort of presence on Tmall, and we're partnering with WeChat in pretty powerful ways so. And as far as the growth, I mean, the growth is -- it's consistent with what we said in the past. I mean, it's -- we're really, really excited. There's such strong momentum in Asia. It's a little bit slower in Europe. But I was there this summer, and I could -- the difference in Paris and Munich in terms of excitement, the number of studios, how people sweat was very, very noticeable. So I -- and we've got 50% growth year-over-year in that market. So I mean, it's by no means left far behind. I think it will grow slower. And we're really focused on China right now, which we think by 2020 will represent probably 60% to 70% of that Asia Pacific market. And then there was a second part to the question. 
Stuart Haselden: Right, on profitability. And so, Matt, now we're seeing a nice acceleration in Asia. I think we've spoken to that previously. At this point, we expect Asia to be breakeven inclusive of Australia. So Asia Pacific to be breakeven from a profitability standpoint this year. And it's going to -- we're going to be a little bit longer on the -- to reach that same milestone in our European business but feel good about the progress there as well. So then as we kind of think about the international combination of those markets and when they will collectively reach profitability, that's something we can speak to, I think, subsequently. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just one follow-up. With the competitive environment clearly amplified across the overall athletic space, you guys have definitely been an outlier. Any categories where you've found that you do need to be a little bit more promotional? And just what do you attribute your relative strength? I'm just curious on your overall take on the athletic backdrop and if you had been pulled into it in any way. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, I think, we're very differentiated and we've got such a strong, unique point of view. And first of all, we created this market, and then we're driven by innovation. I mean, we're certainly not focused on being competitive to gain market share. And we're so much more than a channel. I mean, we're a brand. I mean, we created this market. We're driven by innovation. We're an originator brand. I think that's a very unique positioning. I mean, we're best in the world at human connection and at product and at solving problems for the athletes. And in the process of doing that, I mean, we're engaged with our guests every step of the way. And I think that's really unique and really powerful. I mean, people are looking for -- they are a lot more intentional with their purchases and how they behave with brand. And that's such a massive asset for us. When I think about men, I mean, I think there's a really strong redefinition around the world with what masculinity means. And again, our positioning is really unique there at the intersection of athleticism and mindfulness. So I think it's probably a mistake to look at us as a channel, like a lot of the brands you're probably thinking about. I mean, we're first and foremost a brand and that creates a form of loyalty. So I mean, our positioning is unique, and we're very, very pleased. So we don't see pressure in categories where we need to be more promotional. If anything, when we deliver innovation, we continue to be incredibly pleased with how it resonates with our guests. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Stuart, just 2 margin questions for you. I think you said that in the second quarter, markdown was unfavorable, a slight offset to the product margin. Could you just give us a little more color on what the markdown pressure was in Q2? And then just based on the guide in the back half of the year, what's left in Q4. It looks like there's a pretty decent leverage opportunity that you're guiding to, 50 bps or more. Just kind of curious, Stuart, where is that coming from? Are there investments that are rolling off? Is there something in the P&L that we should keep in mind? And then how do we think about that sustainability in leverage as we get into next fiscal year? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Certainly, Ike. So on the markdown question, in the second quarter, we had -- as we talked about, we had a really successful online warehouse sale that accounted for that 14 points in e-commerce. So that was really what drove the elevated markdowns in the second quarter. And so I mean, otherwise, we had a very healthy ongoing sort of markdown comp in our normal channel. So that is really isolated to the warehouse sale. As we look at the SG&A picture into the second half, we're pleased to see that the SG&A management efforts that we've been working on, paying off. That's reflected in the SG&A outlook for the third quarter as well as sort of what we're signaling for the fourth quarter in terms of leverage in the fourth quarter. And it's really a -- it's a combination of completing some of those onetime investments that we have related to the digital acceleration in the third quarter. And then those are sort of rolling off, if you will, into the fourth quarter and then being able to recognize the full benefit of the cost management efforts into the fourth quarter. It's also the largest quarter from a sales standpoint, offers the greatest degree of opportunity to leverage our fixed cost. And we do certainly see leverage on SG&A as a priority as we look forward over the next several years. As we've talked about, our longer-term model holds that we will deliver modest SG&A leverage as part of the strategy to achieve operating profit north of 20%. We believe that the product margin recovery that we've seen and the gross margin that it supports is on track to achieve that 20% EBIT margin. And we see the -- after we begin to clear some of these onetime investments, we'll see leverage in SG&A that'll further complement that gross margin picture and connects to, in our model, achieving that 20% EBIT margin. So certainly -- certainly part of the strategy and part of the long-term outlook. So thanks for your question. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks for joining us, everyone. We look forward to speaking with you in about 3 months when we report our third quarter results. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating. Have a pleasant day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-06-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator, and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President, Investor Relations, for lululemon athletica. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are: Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, COO. Sun Choe, SVP of Global Merchandising, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which is, by nature, dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business.
 Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors Section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. On our year-end call, we reviewed our longer-term vision and 2020 plan to double our revenue to $4 billion and more than double earnings. Today, I will focus specifically on our first quarter business trends, which were positively impacted by the actions we took to build momentum early in the quarter. I will then touch on Q2 milestones that inspired our guests, from our first global brand amplification to our most innovative and integrated product launch to date. Stuart will review our financials and provide Q2 and full year guidance. We'll then take your questions.
 Let me kick off the call by sharing our first ever global brand campaign, This Is Yoga. Through recontextualizing how the world sees yoga culture, we articulate the core of our brand and what defines and differentiates lululemon. The internal launch created an unprecedented energy and excitement across our employees, our educators and our ambassadors. And on May 15, we took yoga off the mat and into real life, sharing the power of practice with the world, reconnecting loyal guests with who we are and authentically reaching millions of new guests. We are proud of how powerfully this campaign has resonated with influential audiences around the world, creating 240 million global impressions and over 26 million views of the anthem video in its first 2 weeks.
 The launch of This Is Yoga is just the beginning of our global brand amplification as we connect with millions of new guests in key markets around the globe. 
 Before sharing our first quarter highlights, I'll update you on our decision to evolve ivivva to an e-commerce focused strategy. This new streamlined model, with 8 stores in key ivivva communities across North America, will enable us to continue serving our young ivivva guests who have come to know and love the brand so much. This decision will also be accretive to productivity, comps and earnings.
 By August 20 of this year, we will close all but 8 of our ivivva locations, and Stuart will walk you through the financial impact for the year. While I know this is the best path forward for the future of our business, it's a very difficult decision due to its impact on our people, who we are deeply committed to supporting with integrity and compassion throughout this transition. I am so grateful for the passion and dedication of our people, the brand they've created and the impact ivivva will continue to have on so many communities of active girls. I'll now shift to our Q1 results. 
 We delivered revenue of $520 million, a normalized gross margin increase of 210 basis points and an adjusted EPS of $0.32. Our adjusted EPS was better than our guidance and increased 7% over last year. Comps declined 1% in total with stores down 1% and e-commerce flat. Our normalized EPS exceeded our expectations, driven predominantly by stronger revenue and product margins as we continue to benefit from the evolution of our supply chain.
 Our inventory remains well controlled, up 6% at the end of Q1 and in line with our sales growth. The actions we've taken to build momentum have had an immediate impact on our performance. This positive trend has continued and accelerated as we enter Q2. And as we look to the second quarter, we are seeing robust performance across all channels and categories with combined comps up in the low to mid-single digit and digital back to a double-digit comp trend.
 Turning now to some specific first quarter highlights. Let me share how the strategies we outlined on our last call have powerfully and positively driven our performance. Starting with women's. Our stronger assortment, combined with newness and functional innovation delivered a significant comp improvement. Towards the end of the first quarter, the cadence of new product launches and fabric innovation created excitement with guests and deepened our connection with the runners in our collective. 
 Created in our new top performing Nulux fabric, Fast And Free brought our Naked Sensation across an extended range, including a tight, a crop and a bra. Guest response to Nulux overall continues to surpass our expectations and contributes significantly to our overall women's bottoms comp in Q1. And I am thrilled to share that together with new elite ambassador, Kerri Walsh Jennings, the 3-time Olympic Gold beach volleyball player and a truly inspirational role model both on and off the court, we launched our Mind Over Miles capsule. Featured in white, this collection was designed for guests who prefer [ a hugged in ] sensation, and was one of the top 5 selling style colors of this quarter. This collection is catered to our guests' growing demand for our Engineered Sensations across all product categories. 
 Shifting to digital. Since April 1, we've doubled down on our digital strategies and our teams have been laser-focused on delivering a significantly enhanced digital experience. As I'm sure you've all noticed, the infusion of energy, movement and fun in how we've brought product to life, has exceptionally enhanced our guest experience and delivered an increased engagement and performance. Having just passed 2 million subscribers, the new creative approach has created our highest ever engagement across men's and women's, and delivered increased conversion. The clear and decisive actions we've made to inspire our guests and drive our digital performance is a compelling validation of the global runway ahead of us.
 Looking at men's. We delivered a high single-digit comp this quarter against an exceptional 21% comparison last year. Bottoms, often our male guest's entry to brand, remains a pillar of this business, comping up 20% in Q1. Our performance in men's tops accelerated as the quarter progressed, driven by the successful launch of the Somatic series training tops in our Intersec Fabric. This acceleration has contributed to an overall improvement in the men's comp, trending in the low double-digits. In Q2, key innovation launches, including light Metal Vent Tech Surge and pack and dash run tops will extend 2 of our top-performing franchises as we continue to solve for guests' functional demand.
 Quarter-after-quarter, our performance gets us closer to realizing the full scale of our $1 billion plus opportunity in men's. While men account for 20% of our total business, they are just under 30% of all new guests. This will only increase as we strategically focus on guest acquisition through colocated stores, curated e-commerce experiences and by leveraging This is Yoga, where ambassadors like Jian Pablico and his practice of nonviolence, and London grime artist P Money and his practice of breath authentically connect with the broader millennial male audience.
 Now turning to international, another exciting growth strategy and $1 billion dollar opportunity. In response to market demand, we are accelerating our expansion with 50 new store openings this year. Near-term, Asia holds the most significant growth potential. Building on the energy of our Harajuku location, we've seen exceptional performance at our new store within the stunning new Ginza Six complex in Tokyo. The guest response to our exclusive Tokyo white-on-white reflective capsule reflects the strong guest affinity of the brand in one of the most influential markets in the world. Building on the brand's performance and resonance in China, we are accelerating our densification strategy in Tier  1 cities, with the newest opening in Xintiandi, Shanghai, a vibrant iconic neighborhood destination for locals and visitors alike.
 In their first few months of opening, our China stores are outperforming all store metrics, currently tracking to over $1,600 in annual sales per square foot. Chinese millennials are some of the most digitally engaged consumers in the world, a behavior we are experiencing online with our Tmall business having doubled over the last 3 quarters.
 The collective impact of our physical stores and digital presence is driving our impressive performance in this key market. In its second year and more than doubling in size, our Unroll China event sold out within hours. It kicked off May 6 at the Shanghai concert hall, with over 1,200 yogis experiencing the power of practice. Enhanced by live streaming, it's traveling across 6 cities with over 10,000 participants. Unroll China is a fantastic platform as we continue to build brand awareness across China. And our expansion this year continues across key cities, such as Chengdu and Guangzhou, as well as additional locations in Shanghai and Beijing.
 Turning to Europe. London remains our key focus, delivering 50% sales growth on a constant currency basis year-over-year. Outside of London, we opened our second shop-in-shop in Dublin's Brown Thomas department store. Fueled by strong guest demand, the opening and performance has been exceptional, tracking at $1,600 per square foot. 
 In North America, we continue to invest to realize the solid growth opportunities ahead of us, maximizing our potential through tailored and agile store format and leveraging our omnichannel tools that have greatly exceeded expectations with guests. We are driving double-digit square footage growth and on track to open 30 stores in key destination cities, including New York, where we are opening in an iconic space at 597 Fifth Avenue across from the Rockefeller Center as well as Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Boston.
 While early into the second quarter, we are off to a great start with many exciting moments to come that will continue to drive our performance. With a clear mandate to accelerate momentum and drive growth, a highly collaborative and creative team is delivering quantifiable impact and is demonstrating what can quickly be achieved when we unite behind a shared vision.
 And the results speak for themselves. In a short period of time, the team has delivered 2 new releases of our website, an enriched experience for iconic product launches such as our category disrupting Enlite Bra, bold and curated product experiences to align with This is Yoga campaign, and highly targeted and timely guest engagement such as our summer seasonal focus on women's shorts, which drove a 39% comp in the U.S.
 Collectively, this work is meaningfully and sustainably impacting our performance. The scale of our potential in digital is crystal clear, and I've never felt more energized by our ability to realize a billion dollar plus opportunity in front of us. 
 Last but not least, I want to focus on innovation. Starting with our newest whitespace launch, our category-defining bra, Enlite. Over 2 years in its creation, our industry disrupting research and development team created an innovative technology, enabling women to experience comfort, performance and aesthetics when selecting a run bra. Managing harmonious movement across the whole body, Enlite provides a freeing sensation, superior comfort and 0 distractions. Made from our proprietary Ultralu fabric in our signature barely there feeling, it provides optimal stretch, recovery and breathability. We are now at a [indiscernible] position in the bra category as we are in women's bottoms, delivering the most innovative and demanded product in the 2 categories that define the women's athletic market. 
 Initial performance and reaction from our guests and educators has been exceptional, with Enlite receiving over 190 million media impressions, exceeding plan by 300% and instantly becoming our #1 selling bra. In just a few weeks, Enlite has created a significant halo across the category. And by balancing the overall assortment with a high support, molded fit option, our initial findings suggest that a significant number of guests choosing Enlite have not bought a bra from us before, creating the opportunity for the Enlite platform to improve our conversion by reaching a broader range of guests. 
 In Q3, we will bring to market our newest fabric innovation, building on our unique leadership position in yarn development and raw material design. I know this newest addition to our Engineered Sensations range will create an even deeper connection with new and existing guests, who live for high sweat and high-intensity workouts.
 Our whitespace team will continue to innovate the science of engineered sensation and the future of how people want to feel as they live a life they love. 
 Before passing over to Stuart, I'd like to take a moment to share some great updates to our Board of Directors and executive team. First, a warm welcome to our new Co-Chairman, Glenn Murphy. I look forward to working with Glenn and know that his deep knowledge and experience will have a substantial impact on the future of the business. Next, I'm delighted to recognize Stuart Haselden, who is taking on the newly created role of Chief Operating Officer. Since joining, he has led with clarity and confidence. And thanks to his work, we have the foundation and operational excellence in place to strive as we realize the significant growth opportunities ahead of us.
 I'm also pleased to share that Sun Choe, our SVP, Merchandising, is now reporting directly to me. This ensures that our Creative Director, Lee Holman, and his team has the space to focus on design, while our merchants can effectively drive the design vision into profitable growth. We're happy to have Sun on the call with us today, so do feel free to direct questions her way also. 
 As I look to our second quarter and the rest of 2017, I continue to see the unprecedented opportunity for lululemon. From our unique culture, our cadence of product innovation, designing the future of guest experiences, combined with This Is Yoga amplifying who we are globally, we are more powerfully positioned than ever to deliver long-term profitable growth as the leading global brand of an active, mindful lifestyle. Now, over to Stuart. 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. After a slow start to Q1, we saw business accelerate in the latter part of the quarter and we're pleased to see this trend now extending into Q2, with an even more pronounced improvement in the e-commerce trend that I'll discuss shortly. 
 We also saw strong product margin performance in Q1 that exceeded prior estimates and enabled an earnings outcome well above our guidance. This reflects the ongoing benefits of our supply chain investments. Before reviewing the details of the first quarter, I'd like to offer some commentary on the impact of our decision to close our ivivva stores. I'll then review the details of our first quarter results and provide our updated outlook for the full year 2017 and also the second quarter.
 As Laurent mentioned, we plan to reposition ivivva as a primarily e-commerce focused business, with a select number of stores continuing to operate in key communities across North America. We plan to close approximately 40 of our 55 ivivva branded stores and expect to convert about half of the remaining locations to lululemon stores.
 We'll also close our 16 ivivva branded showrooms and other temporary locations, and will streamline its dedicated support infrastructure. The store closures and restructuring will be substantially complete by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2017. 
 In connection with this restructuring plan, we expect to recognize pretax costs of between $50 million and $60 million in fiscal 2017, of which $17.7 million was recognized in Q1. The costs are composed primarily of asset impairments, accelerated depreciation, lease termination costs and a smaller portion for inventory provisions and severance.
 Now turning to the details of Q1. Total net revenue rose 5% to $520.3 million, with the increase in revenue resulting from the following: an increase in square footage growth of 10% versus last year, driven by the addition of 38 net new company operated stores since Q1 of 2016, 22 net new stores in the U.S., 3 stores in Canada, 5 in Europe and 8 in Asia. This was offset by a total constant dollar comparable sales decline of 1%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales decline of 1% and an e-commerce comp that was flat. The impact of foreign exchange decreased revenues by $1.5 million or 0.3%.
 During the first quarter, we opened 5 net new company operated stores, 2 in the U.S., 2 in Asia and 1 in Europe. We ended the quarter with 411 total stores versus 373 a year ago and 352 stores in our comp base: 57 of those in Canada, 258 in the U.S, 26 in Australia and New Zealand, 7 in Europe and 4 in Asia.
 At the end of Q1, we also had a total of 48 showrooms in operation, 30 in North America and 18 internationally. Revenues from company operated stores totaled $379.1 million or 72.9% of total revenue compared to $358.7 million in the first quarter of 2016 or 72.4% of total revenue. Revenues from our digital channel totaled $97.2 million or 18.7% of total revenue compared to 19.7% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes outlets, showrooms, strategic sales, pop-up stores and warehouse sales totaled $44 million versus $39.2 million in the first quarter of last year. Gross profit for the first quarter was $256.9 million or 49.4% of net revenue compared to $239.1 million or 48.3% of net revenue in Q1 2016.
 The gross profit rate in Q1 was adversely impacted by 100 basis points related to ivivva inventory provisions. Excluding these items, adjusted gross margin increased 210 basis points versus last year, which exceeded our expectations for the quarter with the increase comprised of the following: 380 basis points of overall product margin improvement, primarily driven by lower FOB costs, higher average unit retails and a modest benefit in air freight, an extension of our strategic supply chain efforts that we've seen driving margin improvement over the last several quarters; foreign-exchange contributed to a 30 basis point year-over-year improvement in gross margin. Offsetting these factors was 200 basis points of deleverage, half attributable to occupancy and depreciation and the other half to fixed costs related to our product and supply chain team.
 SG&A expenses were $199.1 million or 38.3% of net revenue compared to $181.5 million or 36.6% of net revenue for the same period last year. The deleverage in SG&A was generally in line with our expectations and due to increases in store operating cost, digital marketing, investments in brand and community and IT, partially offset by a benefit in foreign exchange relative to last year.
 Separately, as a result of our plans for the ivivva business, we incurred $12.3 million in asset impairment and restructuring costs associated with the write-off of capital assets and severance. Operating income for the quarter was $45.4 million or 8.7% of net revenue compared with $57.6 million or 11.6% of net revenue in Q1 2016. Excluding the pretax charges of $17.7 million related to the planned closures of the ivivva stores, adjusted operating income for the quarter increased to $63.2 million, reflecting 50 basis points of operating margin expansion versus last year to 12.1% of sales. Tax expense for the quarter was $15.1 million or 32.6% of pretax earnings compared to an effective tax rate of 20.6% a year ago. Keep in mind, the prior year tax rate includes certain adjustments for the company's transfer pricing arrangement and associated repatriation of foreign earnings. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 30.8% compared to the 29.8% in the first quarter of 2016.
 Net income for the quarter was $31.2 million or $0.23 per diluted share compared to earnings per diluted share of $0.33 for the first quarter of 2016. Net income in Q1 2017 includes $13.1 million or $0.09 per share in ivivva-related charges. Excluding these charges, adjusted net income in the quarter was $44.3 million or $0.32 per share or an increase of 7% to an adjusted EPS of $0.30 last year.
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $137.2 million versus $137.5 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 234,000 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $54.60 per share. By the end of the quarter, we had completed a total of $12.8 million in total share repurchases under the current $100 million authorization, which was the maximum available for repurchase under our existing 10b5-1 program. 
 Capital expenditures were $19.9 million for the quarter compared to $26.6 million in the first quarter of last year. The reduction relates primarily to fewer store openings as our store opening cadence this year is weighted more heavily to the back half. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $698.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $304 million or 6% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2016, reflecting a 3% decrease in inventory per square foot. We expect our inventory growth at the end of Q2 and for the balance of the year to generally grow in line with our forward sales trend. 
 Turning now to our updated outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2017. We are pleased with the results we are now seeing from our efforts to recover the sales trend in our e-commerce business. Quarter-to-date trends online are now comping in the positive low double digits and we see additional opportunity ahead. To deliver this important inflection in our digital business, we have taken aggressive steps to reorganize our digital teams and have leveraged certain external resources not previously contemplated in our financial plans. As a result, we will have certain onetime investments related to this recovery effort, which we will break out momentarily as part of our SG&A guidance. We're also pleased with the performance of our store teams in a difficult macro environment and we continue to see solid ongoing results. Please note that the guidance we are sharing excludes additional costs related to the ivivva restructuring.
 For Q2, we expect revenues to be in the range of $565 million to $570 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low to mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2016 and reflects a low to mid-teens e-commerce comp estimate. This also assumes the Canadian dollar at 0.76 to the U.S. dollar and 8 new store openings in the quarter. 
 We anticipate gross margin, normalized for ivivva, to increase approximately 100 basis points over Q2 of last year. This reflects strong product margin improvements partially offset by occupancy and depreciation trends similar to Q1. We expect SG&A in the second quarter to delever from Q2 2016 by approximately 350 basis points. This deleverage is greater than our original plans contemplated, with approximately half related to critical onetime expenditures to support our e-commerce business as we just discussed. 
 These aggressive actions, encompassing site optimization, visual merchandising, improved social engagement and digital marketing in a short period of time have already made a significant impact, improving our digital comps from flat to low double-digits, and I am excited by the momentum this gives us for the balance of Q2 and the second half of the year. 
 The remainder of the SG&A deleverage is related to brand and community investments associated with our new global brand campaign that we launched in May along with IT spend related to key technology projects. We expect foreign exchange to have a nominal impact to SG&A in Q2 based on actions taken to mitigate our exposures. 
 Assuming a normalized tax rate of 31% and 137.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect normalized diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.35 versus $0.38 a year ago. It's important to note this includes approximately $0.04 to $0.05 of earnings impact from expense related to our digital acceleration work that I just mentioned. For the full year 2017, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.53 billion to $2.58 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low single-digits on a constant dollar basis. The guidance range takes into account the planned closures of our ivivva stores and the associated reduction in revenues, offset partially by the accelerating trends we are seeing take shape in the business and in particular, digital. We continue to expect to open up to 50 company-operated stores in 2017. This includes 15 or more internationally, and represents a square footage increase in the low double-digits. 
 We expect normalized gross margin for the year to increase 50 to 100 basis points from 2016, reflecting the benefits of product margin improvements, primarily in Q1 and Q2 and moderating into the second half. We continue to expect deleverage in products and supply chain SG&A as well as occupancy and depreciation, primarily due to more store openings planned versus last year, including those higher occupancy international locations. We now expect SG&A for the full year to deleverage by approximately 50 to 100 basis points versus 2016. This includes the onetime digital-related investments, which I mentioned earlier, and accounts for approximately 50 basis points of the increase. 
 In addition, we will continue to invest in brand and community activities, IT and our international business, notably to support our expansion efforts in Asia. As we complete our work in digital we expect the SG&A rate to moderate in the second half of the year and provide leverage in Q4. We now expect our normalized fiscal year 2017 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.28 to $2.38. This increase to our full year guidance reflects our confidence that the positive trends we're now seeing will extend for the full year. Our EPS guidance is based on 137.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and also assumes a normalized effective tax rate of 31%. We expect capital expenditures to range between $175 million and $180 million for the fiscal year 2017, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT investments. This is an increase versus our prior guidance of $170 million to $175 million due to increased investments to accelerate our digital business, plus additional capital related to new and remodeled stores.
 Before we take your questions, I wanted to emphasize the importance of the strategic measures we've taken to reorganize and strengthen our digital and technology capabilities. We have leveraged both internal and external resources in this effort to generate results quickly. These actions have carried costs that are impacting SG&A in the near-term, but we expect to realize meaningful SG&A leverage in Q4 as we clear these onetime investments. We are confident that these are the correct investments to make now to build our business for the long-term. We've also balanced these decisive near-term moves with thoughtful structural changes, including the recent announcements within our leadership team.
 I'm excited for my new role and the opportunity to work more closely with our technology teams. And I am thrilled to have Julie Averill joining us as our new CTO, leading all of our global IT functions. Julie has nearly 20 years of broad-based IT experience and was most recently Chief Information Officer at REI. I look forward to working with her to further build our technology infrastructure to achieve our growth plans. 
 And with that, we'd like to open the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Your first question is from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. 
Kate Fitzsimons: This is Kate on for Brian. Congrats on the quarter-to-date improvement. I guess just we were thinking about what actions, specifically, you took in Q1 that you think most directly impacted the comp trend just from a merchandise perspective. And then, I guess, with Sun in the room, I guess, when you're thinking about what changes you're making here in 2Q from a product perspective and into the back half, what do you see as the most meaningful opportunity in order to help continue the improved comp momentum? 
Laurent Potdevin: Thanks for your question. So the 2 most important actions we took was, one, is getting back with depth in the assortment that we had lacked earlier on in the quarter. And, two, was really, as we had articulated on the last call, really focusing on our digital experience. And I'm sure you've seen and I'm sure you've experienced it, but what we've been able to create in a very short period of time has actually brought to life -- or the brand to life in a way that is really, really powerful. And we've seen the highest engagement from our guests ever actually, whether it was a strap happy or the launch of the Enlite Bra or the campaign that we launched at that time. So I mean, I'll let Sun speak more, specifically to the assortment. But from an assortment and from a digital standpoint, I mean, we were incredibly focused. We articulated what we needed to do. We did it. And actually, the results exceeded our expectations. 
Sun Choe: And from the merchandising standpoint, I think 2 key things for us that really helped turn some of the trend around. The first thing was, we were quickly able to get back into color and print, so we do see that balance improving. And I think, given that we are a performance and functional brand, the fact that we had really strong launches in our Nulux fabric franchise, as well as the launch in our Enlite Bra, that really helped buoy the trend. And we know that we have a lot more of those innovation platforms and franchises in the pipeline for the future, so we remain optimistic. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Great. And then, I guess, just a follow-up on the Enlite Bra. Can you just speak to any pricing or branding learnings that came as you implemented that launch? Sounds like it's really bringing in some new customers to the brand. 
Sun Choe: Yes, we're really excited. It's our most expensive bra in our portfolio. We have seen 0 price resistance, so what we're finding is that if we have a technical solve and we're differentiated in the market, she's willing to pay the price. 
Operator: The next question's from Adrienne Yih with Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question is on the digital growth. First, on the gross margin. How should we think about the gross margin in that channel and the op margin, relative to brick-and-mortar? And then, Stuart, can you also talk about the inventory markdown, the $5.4 million? Was it all ivivva? Was it any go forward product? And is there any residual markdown in Q2 that we should expect? 
Stuart Haselden: Hey Adrienne, certainly. So on the profit profile of our digital business, and there is certainly disclosure that we provide in our Q. We enjoy a stronger operating margin with our e-commerce business. I mean, specifically, we did not have the rent and the payroll cost that we incur as part of our bricks-and-mortar business, and the product margins are slightly higher as well, as we have a more efficient way to manage our inventory pool online. So that is a benefit to the e-commerce business. And as we continue to have goals, to drive a higher proportion of our business through our e-commerce channels, that should have an accretive impact on our overall company operating margins. In terms of the inventory cost that we called out, and there is a [ wreck ] in the press release that addresses specifically the cost of the inventory provision we took related to the ivivva restructuring decision. That is entirely related to ivivva, and at this point, we do not expect further inventory provisions in the second quarter. We believe that should all fall within the first quarter disclosure. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So just a breakdown, the low to mid-single digit comps that you're seeing here in May, or that you saw in May. I guess how would you rank the sequential improvement by category, if we were to bridge the 400 basis point comp improvement versus the negative one in the first quarter? 
Stuart Haselden: Hey Matt, it's Stuart. Yes, I think that we're seeing strength out of the latter part of the first quarter into the second quarter, certainly in both channels. Versus our original expectations for Q1, we saw a really strong trend in stores in particular, in the latter part of Q1. We see that continuing into the first quarter. That's definitely part of the guidance that we gave. But importantly, and probably strategically, the work that we are in, in the digital acceleration effort has produced an important inflection in the trend of that business from the first quarter into the second quarter, which the quarter-to-date trend that we commented on in the prepared remarks reflect the impact that, that effort is having. We are very confident that those trends will continue. And as we mentioned, we see opportunity above the quarter-to-date trends. So that business being about 20% of the total, you can sort of back into how the relative impact on that comp guidance is shaking out, but we're really seeing strength across both channels. 
Matthew Boss: Got it. And then just a follow-up on SG&A, Stuart. Excluding the onetime items you laid out near-term, is it still fair to think about low single-digit comps as the multiyear SG&A hurdle rate? And then, I guess, if you could just touch on the strategic expense assessment, and what you found in Phase I and then just potential opportunities as we think about Phase II, which I think would be more next year opportunity? 
Stuart Haselden: So certainly, I think we've been pretty consistent that we expect to be able to leverage our cost structure at a low to mid-teens total revenue growth outcome. So the combination of the comp and the square footage growth are the factors that will help us achieve that. That's unchanged. We see that as the underlying fundamentals of how we have constructed the financial plan for this year and into next year. What's different, as we mentioned, is the onetime cost that we'll incur to recover our digital business. So that -- those fundamentals are not different. In terms of the, I think the second question was regarding the SG&A work that we had begun in the later part of last year. And that work we're benefiting from this year. We'll see, as we had mentioned on the prior call, we'll see that the full benefit of that work in the second half of this year, particularly in the fourth quarter, where we expect it will be in a position to begin leveraging the top line estimates that we've offered. 
Operator: The next question's from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Great quarter. I actually wanted to focus a little bit on 2 questions. The first one is just, not to continue to talk about digital, but the digital change, there's been a lot of changes going on there. And I just want a high level, strategically, what specifically are you doing now that's having such a meaningful, immediate impact that you really didn't do before? And how to think about that in terms of one-time cost, Stuart? It would seem like maybe the onetime costs are consulting fees or something like that. How much of that is onetime? How much should we think about that as an ongoing cost, just to grow the business? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well Matt, if you go back a couple of years, I mean there was really no digital culture, no digital mindset at lululemon. And so we built this Center of Excellence with digital that really allowed us to put the tools, the platform, the foundation in place to really be able to build the global, scalable business that we knew we needed, including CRM, which didn't exist. We've done that over the past 2 years. We've got this outstanding foundation. And the last piece of the puzzle was really to bring the brand to life digitally in a way that's as powerful as in the stores. And when you think about our performance in the stores, it's all about human connections. We refer constantly about the educators being the most important role in the company, and so translating that online is difficult. So the focus over the past few months, now having the foundation in place has really been to bring the brand to life in a powerful way. And I think you can see that in the way the product is being shot, in the way we're talking about technology, and the way we're bringing video to life and maybe most importantly, in how we're linking social PR, our presence on mobile as well as on desktop. So that has had a very significant impact on the business. And it's really -- if you think about that Center of Excellence, we've built it. We've built the foundation. And the transition that we've been driven lately really brings all of the technology under Julie Averill, our new CTO, who will be reporting to Stuart, all the Digital Marketing, guest acquisition, driving traffic in our brand and community, which the timing is perfect with the launch of This Is Yoga. And then all visual merchandising with Sun. And finally, the operating part of running the channel under our leaders in the various regions with Celeste, Ken and Gareth, so that they can truly have a guest-centric vision to servicing our guests that is channel agnostic. 
Stuart Haselden: And Matt, just to follow on that and offer some details on the costs. A lot of the costs that we're incurring are related to getting results quickly. So there's a few buckets I would group them into. First is the technical, digital work related to our website. We identified a number of opportunities through the work that we started in the first quarter and are now continuing into the second quarter that were hard-core coding issues that we needed to tackle. And in order to do that quickly, we needed to bring in external resources so that we could have the critical mass, in terms of the expertise to do that in a quick manner. So that's a big part of those costs. Otherwise, you heard us speak about the creative content on the website, photography. We've engaged agencies to help us not only with the development of that creative content, but also in the photography itself. So the agency cost related to the photography and creative content are really the other pieces of the cost that we're incurring. The onetime in nature aspects and the way we've characterized it in that manner is that, again, we've asked these external resources to join us during this task force we've organized to help us drive change rapidly. And so, in order to do this under those time tables, that is what's giving rise to the additional costs that we're incurring outside of our normal business model. As we complete this work over the course of this summer and early part of Q3, we'll be able to transition and build on this work and take it forward as a new part of how we do business from a digital standpoint, and be able to better leverage and more normalize the cost profile. 
Laurent Potdevin: To add to Stuart's point. I mean, we've been -- we're very confident about doubling down on the investment because week after week, almost day after day, I mean we see the results in the business of the work that we're doing. So there is this real time feedback loop about the quality and the impact of the work that we're doing. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: We have a question related to capabilities with digital and inventory management. What are your thoughts around how you feel about the bricks and clicks, in terms of the inventory in-store versus online? And Stuart, on the strategic supply chain efforts, could you just update us on what's ahead, in terms of opportunities there as you continue to make progress in both quality and speed? Those were our main questions. Thank you. 
Laurent Potdevin: Hey Oliver, this is Laurent. Quickly on the omnichannel, I mean, I think I mentioned that in the prepared remarks. We're actually really, really proud about the results of our omnichannel strategy. I mean, from the implementation of RFID to the ability to really maximize the use of inventory and obviously the margins that we deliver. I mean like the -- our mid-channel strategies are working incredibly well in -- both from a financial standpoint but also in servicing our guest. And we've got more of those coming online in the latter part of the year. And I'm spacing on the second part of your question... 
Stuart Haselden: Right, on the supply chain and some of the strategic, I guess, goals that we have there. Now that we're -- we've been happy with the results that we've seen in recovering our gross margins, and we believe we've established a more stable and reliable sourcing and supply chain organization. I think our next priorities turn to continuing to support our design teams from an innovation standpoint, so that we can enable the work they're doing from a sourcing standpoint, to bring to life meaningful innovation and designs that will matter to our guests and help us solve problems for athletes. In addition to that, I think importantly, we're continuing to look at ways for us to build flexibility into our supply chain, so that we can position raw materials in a way that we can respond to guest trends more rapidly. We saw some of the first examples of this late in the first quarter, where we were able to actually chase into certain styles where we saw gaps in color, and even introduce certain graphic styles that we hadn't done in a while so -- and with remarkable sell-through. So we're really pleased to see those initial wins, and those are -- that flexibility is something we're looking to expand. 
Laurent Potdevin: And from an organizational standpoint -- with Sun reporting to me from an organizational standpoint, I mean, we're going to create some healthy tension between merchandising and design, which will really allow us to sort of drive the design vision into profitable growth. 
Oliver Chen: Okay, and the last thing is on the product side. You've really made really great progress with Enlite and Nulux. Just how would you prioritize what are the bigger product opportunities? Or how would you prioritize for the back half between tops and bottoms, and outerwear and accessories could be an opportunity too. Just curious about how we should think about the catalysts relative to each other? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well you'll -- Oliver, you'll see it when it comes to life. So we're not going to tell you too much, too early. But one thing I can tell you, that we're obviously always focused on function first. And when we do that, it pays off tremendously, whether it's with Nulux or Enlite, I mean, we've got 2 incredible data points right there. So you're going to see a focus on functional when it comes to -- and that's really what makes us who we are. 
Operator: The next question's from Mark Altschwager with Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Just a follow-up on the SG&A leverage discussion, and sorry to harp on it. The guidance for the year, I guess, really doesn't get you to that low to mid-teens revenue growth rate in the back half. Yet Stuart, I think you mentioned expecting meaningful SG&A leverage by Q4. And so I'm just trying to make sure I understand. I mean, as you get to Q4 would you expect to be at a point where you can leverage SG&A consistently on a go-forward basis? Or is the Q4 leverage on, call it a low double-digit revenue growth, more of an exception versus the rule? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Mark, it's a good question. I would say the way we built the model over the next 5 years and -- should enable us to deliver SG&A leverage in that top line growth range we mentioned, that low to mid-teens. I think in the fourth quarter, there's an opportunity to do better than that based on the work that we've done to improve our cost structure, coming out of the project that we had mentioned in the second half of last year. And we'll take those benefits forward. And the fourth quarter is our largest quarter from a sales standpoint, and a little bit more flexibility to, from a quarterly standpoint, to do -- to have leverage on our cost structure. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the ivivva business and the exiting of that business, what long-term margin and return improvements do you think can be expected? And then on another note, the improvement in color, is it where you want it to be yet? Or how should we see the product enhancements, whether it's on the color or whether it's the online conversion that changed in Q1, is there more runway to go? 
Stuart Haselden: So Dana, it's Stuart. I'll first respond to your question on ivivva, and then I'll let Sun respond your question on the color and the product, product strategy. In regards to ivivva, it was a very difficult decision in terms of the restructuring plan that we have announced, that came after much deliberation. As we look at the run rate of this business go forward, under the new structure that we have established, we expect the revenues to be a little less than half of what we saw last year. And it should be positioned to generate positive comps that will be accretive to the overall company comps, and it should also be positioned to generate a modest operating profit, where in all prior years we've operated ivivva, it's had a small operating loss. And as we mentioned, the restructuring and the store action should be largely completed by Q3. 
Sun Choe: And then going into color, I'd say we are happy with the improvement of the balance. We feel good in that we have a lot of white in the stores, which is seasonally, really appropriate, emphasizing light neutrals and some pops of color. I'd say that as we get into the back half of June and going into fall, we'll be even in a more ideal state. And as Stuart mentioned, we've just done a much better job partnering with the supply chain and making sure that we do have flexibility in our sourcing models. So always able to chase back into colors that sell out. And then, again, we feel very well-positioned from a portfolio standpoint, because we have a lot of key innovations in the pipeline for the back half of the year that's really focused on fabric, function and fit. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, can you talk about the promotional cadence in the business during the quarter? How that trended, how it's been in May to date? And also curious about store traffic, just what you saw, how did that progress during the last several months? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Paul. The promotional cadence has been healthy. We executed the warehouse sale, the physical warehouse sale in Dallas earlier this month to great success. It was a record for us that -- or approached, I should say, the record we had achieved previously with our Edmonton warehouse sale. The sales and AUR results from that event exceeded our plans. And I think it really speaks to not only the resilience of our clearance model, but also our full price business, given the level of interest and demand we saw in that warehouse sale. So otherwise, markdowns in stores and online are well managed, and I think our inventory position reflects that as well. So the markdown picture is very healthy and has been for much of Q1, and certainly now into Q2. Store traffic's an interesting story. It still remains a headwind for us. And that was a big part of the weakness that we saw early in Q1 that we spoke about on the last call. We have seen improvements in store traffic. And what's been interesting is, as we have executed on our Enlite launch, the Nulux Fast And Free launch and importantly, the This Is Yoga program or campaign rather, we have seen that these events have been able to move the needle in our store traffic as well as our online traffic. But what we've taken away from that is that it's actually possible for us to effect store traffic positively when we have compelling product and brand stories and events. So we're taking those learnings forward. We believe it creates interesting opportunity for us as we look forward. And as we think about KPIs generally, that improvement, sequential improvement in store traffic, still negative, still a headwind but sequentially better in the latter part of Q1 into the early part of Q2 is also being supported by improvements in conversion and UPTs in our stores, that is supplementing or complementing the continued strength in AURs. Ultimately, we need to see a balanced picture across all of our store KPIs to have a sustainable comp picture. So we've relied heavily on AUR up to this point, we still see strong AUR performance, but it's really important to see conversion, UPT and -- in a better place and also traffic improving. So thanks for your question on store traffic. 
Operator: The next question's from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to actually focus on the decision to accelerate the international openings, Asia versus Europe, and is it kind of more a fill-in of the existing kind of trade areas? Are you expanding into new trade areas and markets? And what are you seeing in those markets that's giving you the confidence to do -- to pull that lever and press on the gas at this point? Is it online demand that you're seeing? Or store level demand, or is it the showrooms, what you're learning from those? I think this is probably a pretty important part of the equation for you guys over the next few years. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thanks, Omar. I think it's all of the above. I mean, we're obviously seeing the opportunity and the scale of the opportunity in Asia, and we're seeing great momentum there. So whether it's our Tmall business doubling in less than 3 quarters, or whether it's store opening in the couple of -- first month at $1,600 a square foot, or the activity that we see on social or with the events that we're rolling out. I mean, that obviously gives us great confidence in our ability to accelerate our store openings in Asia, mostly in China. But it's also, honestly I mean, the ability to secure outstanding locations. So if you think about the store that we're about to open in Tokyo, within Ginza Six, or the locations that we've been able to open in Xintiandi in Shanghai, and in Beijing, I mean that obviously, we're not -- the pace of the openings is in no way jeopardizing the quality of the locations, that's what we think. So we see tremendous momentum in Asia, in Japan, in Hong Kong, in mainland China, as well as Singapore and Korea. And in Europe, we've grown 50% year-over-year, and it actually goes outside of London. I mean, you see the performance of Brown Thomas in Dublin, which really gives us -- which really validates the work that we're doing in Europe, and that fact that the halo effect that it has beyond London. 
Operator: The next question's Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Stuart, my question's on digital marketing investments, and can you just give us a little more color on the second quarter investments and why you would characterize them as onetime? Maybe if we understand a little bit better what those expenses are, we could get our heads around the onetime characterization. And then, secondarily, I would imagine that ivivva operates at a lower gross margin. So is there a permanent improvement in gross margin you expect to your business 1 to 2 years from the elimination of most of the ivivva business? 
Stuart Haselden: Okay. Okay, Kimberly. On the first question, the digital marketing investments, I would not include that as part of the onetime cost that we're referring to. What I am referring to are the technical design and development costs for the improvements to our website, that's one bucket. The second bucket is photography cost of outsourcing photography to a photography agency. And the third bucket is the brand creative content support that we have from an agency we've also selected to help us with that. And what I would say is, that what's creating much of the onetime nature of this, is the speed at which we're trying to accomplish these improvements and changes that we've identified we need to the website. There will be elements likely of the second and third buckets that we'll take forward, but not to the same order of magnitude that we're seeing right now, given just again, the time frame in which we're trying to accomplish these improvements. So hopefully, that clarifies it. The second question you had on ivivva, gross margin. Gross margins in ivivva are -- have not been as high as in lululemon. I think that's safe to say. By reducing the mix of the ivivva overall, yes, that creates some benefit to the overall weighted average, if you will, gross margin that we'll have. The ivivva business will be a viable business that we're -- we still believe in, albeit on a smaller scale, and we also have specific strategies and plans in place to improve the product margin of the ivivva business as we'll take it forward as primarily an e-commerce business. 
Operator: This concludes question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: All right. Thanks, everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-03-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Q4 and Year-End Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Howard Tubin, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Howard Tubin: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, CFO. Celeste Burgoyne, EVP, Retail Americas, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our annual report on Form 10-K and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website, www.lululemon.com. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] And now I'd like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I am pleased to share with you our strong fourth quarter and 2016 full year results. I will discuss current business trends and the initiatives in place to build momentum in the quarters ahead. Stuart will review our financials, provide 2017 guidance, and we'll then take your questions.
 Let me start with our fourth quarter highlights. We delivered a very strong holiday season in the quarter, with operating income growth of 18%, driven by a healthy 7% constant dollar comp and gross margin improvement, up 390 basis points, which exceeded our expectations. I am proud and very grateful for the performance our teams delivered against the challenging macro environment. Our relentless focus on product and exceptional guest experiences allowed us to outperform during peak weeks, with strong full-price sell-through and merchandise margin. 
 Taking a closer look at product. We continue to own our position as the leading brand for women's bottoms, comping 14% on top of a very strong Q4 last year. This was driven by the depth of our assortment in key franchises such as Align and wunder under and complemented by special editions such as tech mesh. In our bra category, the breadth of assortment drove a 10 comp, reflecting lululemon's strengthening position as the destination for active bras.
 We are excited to see continuing strong momentum in our men's business, delivering a 20 comp this past quarter. From athletes, and as some of you may have seen, their coaches, to our growing male collective, our guest loyalty is driven by the core styles we're known for, with new editions such as Metal Vent Tech Wool and the License to Train capsule both performing very well.
 Q4 also marked some significant milestones as we strengthened and amplified our global brand position. When we last spoke, I was on my way to China, where we opened our first 3 stores. Building on the energy of our Unroll China event last summer, I experienced firsthand the energy of our fantastic locations across Shanghai and Beijing.
 These openings have been a catalyst in boosting our already strong performance across Asia. In addition, our presence on Tmall has shown tremendous growth, led by our performance on a Single's Day last quarter. Collectively, this reflects the strong brand affinity and the magnitude of opportunity ahead of us, and I'll speak to that later. 
 In January, we opened our European flagship under London's Regent Street, one of the world's top shopping destinations. Reflecting our commitment and vision for the brand in the U.K. and Europe, this flagship features bespoke designs, concierge services and digital art installations. I am excited to build on the increased brand awareness since the Regent Street opening and the halo impact it will have across our European business.
 2016 was a critical year and marks an exciting milestone for us. Just 3 years ago, we set on an ambitious agenda to reaccelerate our top line growth, regain our guests' trust and loyalty, build a digital culture, own our opportunity in men's and ignite our international potential, all while building a scalable supply chain infrastructure and focusing on operational efficiencies. The result of our work returned the company to positive operating earnings growth for the first time since 2013. 
 Some significant highlights reflecting the strength of our strategy include: being design-led, blending fashion and function and building a solid innovation pipeline for both our men's and women's categories; evolving how we come to life in stores, from new formats, to connecting with new communities; our curiosity, relentless focus on innovation and discipline fuel our highly profitable physical presence in North America; setting the vision and building our digital ecosystem and culture; igniting international growth through expansion in key cities; rapidly building brand awareness outside of North America; maintaining strong industry-leading gross margin through completing the buildout of our supply chain infrastructure and focusing on operational efficiencies; and last but not least, building a world-class management team, filling key leadership roles across merchandising, digital, store design and leading our European expansion.
 Our performance reflects the strength of lululemon and our unique position as the leading brand for an active, mindful lifestyle. 
 Despite a slower start in Q1, 2017 is set up to be one of our most compelling years, with unprecedented product innovation and our sales global brand activations to drive growth towards our long-term vision. Looking specifically at Q1, let me articulate the immediate changes we have made to positively impact momentum this quarter and then share our plans for the future.
 The slowing sales trend in early Q1 has most acutely impacted e-commerce. We have clearly identified the issues: an assortment lacking depth in color for spring compounded with visual merchandising that did not powerfully translate our design vision. With focused urgency, our teams have been course-correcting the issues, with early indications reflecting an immediate and positive impact on performance. We will see more color in selected styles as early as next week. And from a visual merchandising standpoint, our Loud & Clear Jacket is the perfect example of what happens when we capture both design and function, infused with energy and movement into our e-com images. Since delivering these results, the performance of that jacket has significantly increased. Stuart will provide additional details on the first quarter.
 As we write our next chapter of growth, I'd like to take a few minutes framing our 2017 priorities in the context of our 2020 plan to double revenues to $4 billion and more than double our earnings. Starting with brand, we have an untapped opportunity to tell the world who we are and what lululemon stands for. Beginning in early Q2, we'll launch our first global brand campaign, in partnership with a dynamic creative agency that is also the leading amplifier and distributor of content to millennials across the world. Through this disruptive and innovative campaign, we will strengthen our guest loyalty while also inspiring millions of new guests to join our growing collective.
 Turning to product. The performance of our core business will be powerfully augmented, with an unprecedented current of innovation between now and the end of the year. 
 In women's, we are on track to build a $3 billion business through our continued leadership in acclimatizing and innovating the fabrics and styles that define our standout performance in bottoms and bras. Leveraging the success of our #1 performing bottom, the Align Pants, we are thrilled to globally launch our new Fast And Free collection, designed with our top-performing Nulux fabric. For the first time, our innovative high-performance Naked Sensation, Nulux, will include a tights, crop and bra. Validated by Nulux' recent ascension as one of our guests' favorite technical fabrics, we know this launch will deliver substantial revenue for 2017 and beyond. 
 Following extensive R&D, and in partnership with our athletes, in early May, we will reveal our newest whitespace innovation with a bold new concept that will disrupt the bra category and redefine women's expectations of active bras. This launch anchors our continued commitment to innovation that make lululemon the leading destination across our core women's categories. 
 And last but not least, we have focused plans and resources in place to realize our substantial opportunities across outerwear and accessories in the second half of the year. 
 Now turning to men's. This remains one of our largest growth opportunities and is on track to become a $1 billion-plus business by 2020. Our focus and talented cross-functional teams are bringing our men's vision to life. And with a clear design and direction and increasing brand awareness, we expect to see accelerated results beginning to take shape in the second half of the year. I'm excited by our men's performance, particularly within our co-located formats, where, for example, in our Mall Of America store, by doubling our dedicated men's square footage, we saw a 70% lift in the business with no increase in inventory. In 2017, we will open further co-located and local stores while optimizing our men's [ presence ] online to capture the significant runway ahead of us.
 Shifting to digital. With the potential to grow in excess of $1 billion by 2020, we will continue to build our digital ecosystem this year and beyond. We are laser-focused on realizing the power of our CRM platform at scale and continuing the seamless expansion and integration of our omnichannel strategy to empower our guest-centric model for the future.
 In Asia, to capitalize on the tremendous opportunity and unique digital landscape, we are building the infrastructure and a talented team in Shanghai to increase our reach, engagement and performance on a localized platform. As shared earlier, we will continue executing the immediate and longer-term strategies in place to accelerate our e-commerce growth, including inspiring our guests through more engaging visual merchandising, optimizing and expanding the online product assortment, improving guest experience to drive conversion and launching our new mobile app.
 Turning to North America. We have substantial upside as we continued to ramp up our most established business. Our disciplined store expansion has produced a store fleet among the most productive and profitable in the industry. Our store teams are second to none, and we're continually inspired by their innovations, from new store formats to market optimization strategies. This year, we will target square footage growth of approximately 10%, with up to 28 new stores and 12 optimizations. This will also include additional locals, a strategic evolution of our showroom models, which has been successful in curating unique experiences and building brand awareness in smaller markets.
 Looking towards our international potential. We are on track to build this into a $1 billion business by 2020. While pleased with our performance across our 3 major regions outside North America, our focus in 2017 will be on China. We will use a market densification strategy centered in Tier 1 cities, including Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou and Chengdu, with digital amplification to reach our guests across the entire region. With China's activewear market valued at $28 billion and growing, the world's largest middle class and over 450 million millennials living an increasingly active lifestyle, the magnitude of our opportunity in China is unparalleled. And the strong performance we've seen out of our store openings thus far gives us confidence in the market readiness as we accelerate our expansion.
 Before I pass the call over to Stuart, I want to recognize the passion, commitment and creativity from our global teams who have all contributed to our success last year. With the goal of our ambitious 2020 plan to double revenue to $4 billion and more than double earnings in sight, we are on track to realize our vision through a constant flow of high-impact initiatives that will fuel our growth this year and beyond. At a time when experiences matter more than ever to consumers around the world, our vertical model puts us firmly in control of our destiny, and that destiny is one I wouldn't trade for any brand in the world. 
 Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter 2016 and highlights on the year. I'll then introduce our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2017 and spend some time offering additional color on the initiatives we have in place to deliver on our 2017 guidance and how this connects to our long-term growth plans.
 The fourth quarter capped an important year for us that marked several milestones, including our successful efforts to recover our product margins as well as [ supporting ] progress against our strategic growth initiatives. In the quarter, we drove positive comps in both our store and direct channels, continued to extend significant gross margin improvements and ended the year in a healthy inventory position. This resulted in 18% operating profit growth versus last year and 130 basis points of operating margin expansion for the quarter. 
 Turning to the details for Q4. Total net revenue rose 12.2% to $789.9 million, with the increase in revenue driven by a total constant dollar comparable sales growth of 7%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 6% and an e-commerce comp of 12%, and also an increase in square footage of 11% versus last year driven by the addition of 43 net new company-operated stores since Q4 of 2015: 16 net new stores in the United States; 3 stores in Canada; 1 in Australia and New Zealand; 7 in Asia; 4 in Europe; and 12 ivivva stores. Foreign exchange had an effect of increasing reported revenue in Q4 by $2.8 million or 0.4%.
 During the fourth quarter, we opened 17 net new company-operated stores: 9 in North America; 4 in Asia; 2 in Australia and New Zealand; 1 in Europe; and 1 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 406 total stores versus 363 a year ago. There are now 346 stores in our comp base, 45 of those in Canada, 221 in the United States, 26 in Australia and New Zealand, 4 in Asia, 7 in Europe and 43 ivivva. At the end of Q4, we also had a total of 51 showrooms in operation, 16 lululemon showrooms in North America, 18 internationally and 17 ivivva. Company-operated stores represented 72.3% of total revenue. 
 Revenues from our digital channel totaled $164.3 million or 20.8% of total revenue, a consistent rate with the fourth quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-up stores, warehouse sales and outlets, totaled $54.9 million versus $48.9 million in the fourth quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the quarter was $427.9 million or 54.2% of net revenue compared to $354.5 million or 50.3% of net revenue in Q4 2015. The factors which contributed to this 390 basis point increase in gross margin were 410 basis points of overall product margin increase primarily due to lower average unit costs and improved AUR, a continuation of the factors you saw driving the margin improvement in the third quarter. Markdowns continued to be well managed, with only 20 basis points year-over-year impact to product margin for the quarter. We also saw 10 basis points of leverage in product and supply chain overhead costs. These were offset by 20 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation and 10 basis points of decline due to the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar.
 SG&A expenses were $231.3 million or 29.3% of net revenue compared with $188.2 million or 26.7% of net revenue for the same period last year. This is 110 basis points above prior guidance of approximately 150 basis points of deleverage in the quarter and was the result of the following. Nearly half of this increase versus guidance is due to FX-related revaluation of U.S. dollar cash balances as we have seen the Canadian dollar strengthen significantly in the final weeks of the quarter. The balance of the increase was opportunistic investments to fuel long-term growth. As we have mentioned previously, when we see outperformance in sales and margin as we did in Q4, we will invest to continue to fuel our long-term growth. 
 As a result, operating income for the quarter was $196.6 million or 24.9% of net revenue compared with $166.3 million or 23.6% of net revenue in Q4 2015 or an increase of 130 basis points in operating margin.
 The effective tax rate was 31.1% compared to 29.8% a year ago, which includes certain tax and related interest adjustments associated with the finalization of the company's transfer pricing arrangements and associated repatriation of foreign earnings. Excluding these adjustments, the effective tax rate would have been 30.6% compared to 29.6% in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
 Net income for the quarter was $136.1 million or $0.99 per diluted share compared to net income of $117.4 million or $0.85 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2015. Excluding the tax and related interest adjustments I just mentioned, EPS for the quarter was $1 per share. In addition, the negative net impact to earnings from foreign currency this quarter was $0.09 per share, $0.02 higher than what we previously estimated for Q4.
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 137.2 million versus 138.2 million a year ago. There were a minimal amount of shares repurchased during the quarter under our recently approved $100 million authorization.
 Capital expenditures were $43.3 million for the quarter compared to $35.4 million in the fourth quarter last year.
 Turning to the highlights for our full fiscal year 2016 performance. Net revenue was $2.344 billion, up 14% on both a reported and constant currency basis, which reflects a 7% constant currency comparable sales growth. E-commerce sales totaled $453.3 million or 19.3% of total sales. 
 Gross profit was $1.2 billion or 51.2% of net revenue compared to $997 million or 48.4% of net revenue in fiscal 2015, reflecting an increase of 280 basis points.
 Net income for the year was $303.4 million or $2.21 per diluted share compared to $266 million or $1.89 per diluted share for fiscal 2015. This is based on an effective tax rate of 28.2% in 2016 versus 27.8% effective tax rate in 2015. Normalized for transfer pricing and repatriation tax adjustments, our adjusted EPS was $2.14 for fiscal year 2016 compared to $1.86 in 2015.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the year with $734.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $298.4 million or 5.1% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2015, reflecting a 5.7% decrease in inventory per square foot. This was slightly lower than expected due to the timing of in-transit inventory. As we head into 2017, we expect our inventory growth going forward to normalize and be more in line with our forward sales trend.
 Turning now to the details of our Q1 and fiscal year 2017 outlook. As Laurent mentioned, we've seen a slow start to the first quarter. Soft traffic in stores combined with lower conversion on our e-commerce site have weighed on our trend so far this quarter. Within our stores, we've seen conversion. AUR and UPT all remained solid, with traffic as the primary headwind. 
 Despite this difficult trend, we are excited to launch a number of guest acquisitions and retention programs beginning this week and ramping into Q2. These programs leverage all parts of our business model and include the following: the launch of our Fast And Free Nulux collection, as Laurent mentioned, this week, leveraging our fast-turn capabilities to deliver color in selected styles to land in our stores next week and the expansion of our successful omnichannel strategies such as the ramping of our ship-from-store program from 85 to 145 stores by the end of Q2; the addition of our outlet stores to the ship-from-store program beginning in the first quarter; the introduction of a pilot of our buy online, pick up in-store capability beginning in Q2.
 Within e-commerce, the online conversion trend has also been a particular focus, and we've taken aggressive actions to improve site performance, which I'm sure many of you have noticed. Our initial reads indicate that these efforts are gaining traction. 
 That said, we expect revenues in Q1 to be in the range of $510 million to $515 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage decrease in the low single digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2016 and assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.76 to the U.S. dollar and 10% more square footage versus Q1 last year.
 We are seeing the product margin improvements we achieved in the second half of 2016 extend now into the first quarter of 2017 in a similar order of magnitude. However, these improvements are being offset significantly by deleverage on product and supply chain overhead and occupancy and depreciation expense due to the sales trend in Q1 sitting below our expectations. As a result, we now anticipate gross margin in the first quarter to increase by approximately 50 basis points versus Q1 2016. 
 We expect SG&A in the first quarter to delever approximately 100 to 150 basis points, a function of our negative low single-digit comp assumption for the quarter. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 31.2% and 137.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.27 per share versus $0.30 per share a year ago.
 For the full year 2017, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.55 billion to $2.60 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase of low single digits. This full year guidance reflects our view of strengthening trends in both e-commerce and stores as a result of the strategies we've mentioned around product assortment improvements, website enhancements and acceleration of our omnichannel model, and we are starting to see evidence of these strategies now materializing.
 We expect to open up to 50 company-operated stores, which includes an acceleration in our international store openings to 15. This represents a square footage increase of approximately 12% for the year.
 We expect gross margin for the year to be flat versus 2016. The benefits from the product margin improvements that we have been seeing will have the most meaningful impact in the first half of the year and then moderate into the second half of 2017. 
 Offsetting this is a modest level of deleverage in product and supply chain SG&A and in occupancy and depreciation, primarily due to the accelerated international store openings which carry a higher occupancy rate. We also expect full year SG&A rate to be flat versus 2016. We expect deleverage in the first half of the year, with an improved SG&A picture in the second half. As a result, we expect operating margin to be relatively flat with last year at 18%. 
 We expect our fiscal year 2017 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.26 to $2.36 per share. This is based on 137.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q4 2016 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 31.2%.
 We expect capital expenditures to range between $170 million and $175 million for the fiscal year 2017, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments.
 As we've mentioned on prior calls, operational excellence has been a priority to enable our growth strategies and recover our profitability. As we look forward to 2017, our agenda for operational excellence focuses on 3 areas. First, we will continue to develop our supply chain capabilities, building on the success we have seen over the last 2 years. This focus will not only enable us to maintain and extend our product margin recovery, but also help us strengthen our chase capabilities and provide shortened lead times in responding to market trends. An example of this currently includes our ability to accelerate color in key styles into our assortment to impact the first half of this year.
 Our second operational priority focuses on SG&A and our current plan to deliver leverage on sales growth for 2017 and beyond. Earlier in Q4, we retained BCG to support us in a strategic effort to evaluate our cost structure and identify opportunities for cost efficiencies. We are now on the final stages of this work, which will help us become a leaner business and deliver operating results with less resource requirements. This work will enable us to reinvest a portion of these savings to support our growth strategies and also deliver the leverage in expenses for the balance of the year that our guidance contemplates.
 And lastly, our third operational priority is our IT infrastructure. We are deep into a number of projects that will support key operational capabilities for this year and beyond, in areas including: planning and allocation to build new abilities to flow inventory to better meet demand; e-commerce through enhancements to our website and mobile guest interfaces; and CRM to support our new loyalty programs as well as various elements of our guest engagement strategies.
 In closing, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in the tenets of our long-range plan as we previously articulated them: revenues of $4 billion by 2020; gross margins in the low 50s; earnings growing faster than sales; EBIT margins in the low 20s. We see the results of 2016 as evidence of our progress against these goals. And we remain bullish for 2017 despite the slow start we've seen early in Q1, especially given that our most important growth drivers for the year are still in front of us and reflect exciting new elements of our business model, including the new product introductions we mentioned with Nulux in Q1; bra innovation in Q2; and jackets and outerwear as well as accessories into the second half; the e-commerce enhancements noted earlier such as the mobile app in Q2, visual merchandising improvements both on our websites and in stores; new guest acquisition strategies with our brand campaign launch in Q2; and our expanded CRM programs in the third quarter; the acceleration of our expansion in China; and finally, our men's initiatives ramping throughout the year. And we will accomplish all of this while building important new cost efficiencies through the strategic SG&A project that I mentioned.
 We look forward to updating you on our progress on these programs and more over the course of the year. With that, I will open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So on same-store sales, I guess what have you seen from traffic and AUR so far in the first quarter versus what you saw in the fourth quarter? And I guess just how best should we think about comps you're expecting in the second quarter versus the second half? I'm just trying to gauge the improvement that you are embedding as we move out of the first quarter and your confidence level in that taking place. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So on the comps in the first quarter, basically, as we were into the second -- into the final stages of the fourth quarter, we began to see conversion on our website soften. That trend has extended into the first quarter. We also saw store traffic soften in the early part of February. The other KPIs, particularly in the stores, remain solid. And in particular, AURs in stores remain strong. And so the headwinds that we're seeing in traffic really account for the softness in the store comp trends, and online, it's really related to conversion. So as Laurent mentioned, we're focused on addressing, in particular, the e-commerce softness through the assortment, through the color gaps that we saw on the assortment as well as how the visual merchandising on the site had opportunities for improvement. So we've been in aggressive actions on those points, and we're pleased to see positive results in the early days since we've made those changes. Beyond that, I think as we think about the Q1 comp, the guidance reflects just the quarter-to-date results and a measured outlook for April. We see more upside as we think about the balance of the year. And really, the guidance that we issued for the full year contemplates a degree of improvement across stores and e-commerce. That said, the improvement is more weighted to e-commerce. Many of the initiatives that we mentioned will benefit e-commerce disproportionately, specifically the site merchandising that I mentioned, also the mobile app launch in the second quarter, the omnichannel strategy as well, specifically ship-from-store, which has been a very successful initiative for us in 2016. We're expanding that, as I mentioned, significantly. And we'll have that expansion ramping through Q2 and benefit from that for the balance of the year. And also, there's just the broader macro trends that I think we're seeing across the industry, with consumers and our guests, in particular, shifting their shopping preferences to digital versus brick-and-mortar. So in terms of the store side of the equation, we've taken a sober view on our store outlook given the traffic trends. It's safe to say that our guidance does not reflect the same store comp performance that we saw in 2016. That said, we have a number of strategic sales-driving investments that will ramp over the course of the year that will benefit our stores and our website business in Q1. And in particular, February and March really did not benefit from all the initiatives that we've been talking about. And what we're -- and specifically, and we enumerated most of these on the -- in the prepared remarks, the product introductions are very important. The Nulux styles that landed this week have now risen to be our top sellers in both women's pants and crops. So we're excited to see the traction with Nulux. The bra innovation that we'll introduce in the second quarter, we believe, is also incredibly exciting and will -- can move our business. Jackets and outerwear, big businesses for us in the second half. We've had teams working to develop exciting new styles for that part of the business for the second half. And then also, as Laurent described, the brand campaign in the second quarter, we've never done -- had a strategy like that, so we're really excited to see how that can move our business as well. CRM in the third quarter and the expansion of our co-located strategies, which has proven exceptionally successful, we're ramping that into the second quarter. We see upside potentially for those -- for that strategy into the second half of the year as well. And the acceleration of China, so exciting comp trends in China. We've -- we're excited to see the number of stores opening there, increasing with more potential beyond that. So let me pause and see if Laurent would add anything. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, Matt, I think that -- thanks, Stuart. Matt, I think what the performance that we've seen in Q4 was driven by the neutral and the jewel tones that were perfect for the gift-giving season and especially Q3, Q4. I mean, in Q1, we should have been bolder with the color assortment. And from a visual merchandising, we didn't bring that powerfully to life. Now with that said, we added a lot of talent on the merchant side later in 2016, with a real focus on visual merchandising. So we actually saw this trend happening very early on in the quarter, and with the much stronger supply chain, we've been able to react very quickly. So you're going to see more color showing up this next week actually. And we've actually added a lot of creative resources, both in Vancouver and in L.A., our ability to bring visual merchandising to life in a much more powerful way. So if you look at some of our products, which I'm sure some of you guys may have seen, whether it's the Loud & Clear Jacket or whether it's the Cool Racerback in hydrangea blue. When we've actually brought that to life in a way that we're proud of, showing fluidity and movement, the performance in sales has drastically increased. So disappointed with the beginning of Q1, and with that said, we own it. And by owning it, we also mean that we know how to fix it. And we've have seen very quick results in how we've been fixing it. So we know what to do. We're doing it. It's actually paying off. It's being validated in both traffic and conversion. And as Stuart said, I mean, I am more excited about 2017 than I've been since being around in 2014. I mean, we've got an unprecedented amount of product innovation and global brand activation that's ahead of us for '17 that will definitely drive traffic and conversion. So we're going to continue -- 2017 will be our best year ever, with earnings continuing to grow in line with sales. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And there's just one follow-up on the margin front. On gross margin, what's -- Stuart, what's the embedded product merchandise margin for -- in the first quarter and for the year? I'm just curious, what comp do you need to leverage the rod? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt, as I had indicated on the -- in the prepared remarks, we're seeing product margins recovering as expected in the first quarter. And to put a number to it, we're seeing product margins improving over 300 basis points in the first quarter, and we'd expect a similar trend into the second quarter. Unfortunately, the deleverage on our fixed cost components of gross margin is offsetting that to a greater degree than we expected as a result of the sales trend. And notably, we have 39 net new stores in Q1, which we didn't have last year, and the occupancy costs related to that is also weighing on that leverage point. So what we've said is that we will leverage our cost in the mid-teens total revenue growth rate. We're obviously falling short of that in the first quarter. We're happy with the product margin results overall. And I think the strategic cost reduction improvements that we've mentioned will benefit not only the SG&A line, but also the -- there's certain elements within the buying cost in gross margin that it will also benefit. So from a long-term basis, I still see us leveraging the cost structure at the mid-teens total revenue level. We'll probably do a little better than that in 2017 as a result of the expense initiatives we have underway. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question is -- Stuart, you mentioned something about the brand campaign. So I was wondering if you could talk more about that, the investment in that. Is that global? And then can you also talk about the investment as you build in multiple continents? What's the infrastructure investment? And what can it support outside of North America? 
Laurent Potdevin: Adrienne, this is Laurent. From a brand campaign standpoint, you've heard us, I mean, I think we're best in the world at grassroot initiatives, building communities and being [ pulled ] in those communities. And that's why we've been so successful with our physical footprint. Where we haven't always been as strong is really amplifying our voice, who we are as a brand, what lululemon stands for in the world. And as we grow the global brand, I mean, it's becoming increasingly important. So we've actually partnered with an amazing creative agency that's one of the world's leaders in editing and building content for millennials, and I'm not going to share today who it is, but we're very excited about the partnership to actually add the level of amplification that we need to really sort of share our voice. So it is a global launch. It will be focused on a number of key cities. It will be more focused on a couple of key cities around the world, and it will come to life mid-May. But it will be a very important moment in not only increasing our guest retention, but when you think about 2017 really being a year of bringing more eyeballs on the brand, guest acquisitions, I'm getting really excited about our ability in a really relevant, nimble way to put millions of eyeballs on the brand and therefore increase our collective. So it is a really exciting project, and I can't wait for -- I can't wait to share it with all of you. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Laurent, is it traditional media? And can you give a -- is it marketing dollars that are being reallocated? Or is it new investment in marketing dollars? 
Laurent Potdevin: It is. There is some element of incremental, and I wouldn't want you to think about it in terms of traditional. I mean, think about distributing that content in a really powerful way, but in a way that millennials are best at absorbing that content. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Fantastic. We'll be looking forward. And then the infrastructure? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Adrienne. It's Stuart. So the infrastructure priorities that we have globally are certainly to enable the expansion in Europe and Asia. We're seeing the fastest growth right now in Asia, and particularly in China. There is a lot of energy right now in building out the team and the infrastructure in China to enable the store opening pace that we'd like to see. I was in Hong Kong a few weeks ago with the team, evaluating how we can accelerate our market entry plans from a -- on a cross-functional basis. So we're aggressively recruiting the team to lead those efforts in the region, and we're excited with the momentum that we're seeing in China specifically. The team in Europe is being built out as well. We have a new GM, Gareth Pope, in Europe, who's helping us set the vision. So I'm sure there will be more to talk about in the future as Gareth develops that's strategy. But yes, it's definitely a big part of the -- of our long-term vision and that infrastructure is important to enabling it. 
Laurent Potdevin: Adrienne, maybe one more point on the brand campaign and the incremental investment. I mean, given the nature of how we're going to be distributing that content, we're going to have the ability to be very flexible in how we invest. So we'll see the reach of what we're doing by region, by segment, by channel, and so it's not -- we'll be very nimble in how we invest based on the region that we're seeing. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: So will you give us a heads-up on when that's being launched? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we will. We're going to talk to you soon. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick of RBC Capital Markets. 
Brian Tunick: I guess on the 2017 comp guidance, maybe first, can you maybe give us some sense of how much an increase in ticket or AUR you're assuming in the business? Particularly on the bottoms side, are you assuming that bottoms have a similar year to 2016? And then maybe, Stuart, on the supply chain and calendar work, what inning are you in now relative to making some of these product changes. That sounds like Laurent's unhappy with what's in the stores right now on the color side and Lee's work as well? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Brian. On the guidance, as we think about the KPIs, we're seeing strong results in AUR. And our expectations were that AURs would moderate into 2017 as we begin to lap some of the really strong I&Es that we saw in 2016. I think we see more opportunity on the conversion side. As the product strategies and the product innovation lands, we'd be able to convert at an improved level both in stores and online. And I would say there's important traffic drivers as well between the brand campaign that Laurent just mentioned, improvements in our digital marketing strategies, the various CRM engagement enhancements that we have planned for the year, those will all drive traffic across both channels. But we're not relying on at least in how we've modeled the year, improvements in AUR to drive the comp. In fact, we expect to see AURs moderate. So I think that's how we're thinking about the comp from a KPI standpoint. And the -- on the supply chain work, we're really pleased with how that's proceeding. Ted Dagnese, our head of supply chain, has done a nice job of building out the team and continuing to take that agenda forward. And the partnership that we have with our suppliers is critical to that. We are continuing to now build on the success, as we mentioned, on -- in '16. The margin architecture that we landed is certainly a part of how we will manage the business and take it forward. We're turning our attention now to how to extend our supply chain capabilities to shorten lead times, to make us more agile, to identify how we can expedite product to market more quickly in response to market trends. And a number of our suppliers have had success with a number of other companies as well with that model that we're looking to learn from. So excited on the developments, see even more potential, even to gain efficiencies as our segmentation strategy within our supply chain continues to ramp. So a lot of upside as we think about supply chain and how it supports the business going forward. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Brian, to be clear, I mean, I'm not disappointed with product by any means. I think that our stores look better than they ever have, and I think that our vision for product is right on point where it should be. I mean, what we should have done in Q1 is be bolder with our color assortments, which would have been driving traffic and conversion and which would have lifted actually the entire range of product, including the more neutral tones. So I just wanted to clarify that. I'm really, really proud about where we are, where we're headed, especially when you think about innovation in categories. And that's actually being translated really strongly in our anchor categories for both men's and women's, with bottoms and bras, and with our technical products on the men's side. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Stuart, I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit more detail. So you mentioned the quarter-to-date soft traffic in stores as well as softer conversion online. Can you maybe just help us out in terms of what's embedded in your down low single-digit comp guide for Q1 from both the stores channel and the e-comm channel? I'm just trying to understand where -- is pressure coming on both channels equally, or is it more one side of the other? 
Stuart Haselden: Ike, so I think versus our expectations, the e-comm channel has been softer than stores. The -- and I think as the guidance -- I know the guidance that we have given reflects a stronger recovery in trend in e-commerce versus stores, and it's related to all of the things that we described earlier that are sort of disproportionately expected to benefit our e-commerce business. The store business has been tougher, but not to the same degree as we've seen e-commerce. And maybe I'll invite Celeste to offer some commentary there. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Yes, thanks, Stuart. Yes, I mean, we've definitely seen a bit of traffic deceleration in Q1 from Q4, but overall, I'm definitely still happy with where we are. Regionally, we're seeing more impact in Canada versus the U.S. And in Canada, more impact in Alberta due to the resource sector. Overall, AUR, UPT and conversion are all holding strong in the store opportunity. And really, what we're focused on from a store perspective and really an omnichannel perspective is focusing on acquisition and retention and really being able to be agile and move to where the traffic is versus sitting still and waiting for traffic to come to us. So as we've spoken about with our real estate strategy, co-located and local both continue to be something that we see as really exciting opportunities from 2016 and into 2017 in areas we're focusing really hard on. And they both allow us to really capture traffic in the most relevant ways for those communities, co-located, expanding our square footage, for example, Mall Of America and Somerset, 2 key West co-located stores in 2016. We've driven more traffic in those locations and have grown the men's business, in particular, from 50% to 70% through more dedicated square footage. And then locals has also allowed us to go into smaller communities in a really locally relevant way. And the results have been something we're really proud of. Bend, Oregon and Fort Collins also, for example, have been 2 of the 4 that we're really excited about, and we'll continue to really push into that strategy into 2017. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just as a follow-up, I was just trying to find out, are you guiding both channels to be down? Or is one channel up versus the other? That's the specific question I'm trying to get at. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we didn't break it out. But I think it's safe to say the e-commerce channel is still up, just not to the degree that we expect it would be. And we're seeing more pressure on the comp in stores in terms of an absolute number. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Just to dig a little bit deeper on the 1Q. Stuart, can you maybe talk about February specifically versus March? I'm not sure if you could get into that detail, but it might help understand just the progression of what you've seen so far. Also, is the issue just as much in the men's assortment as women's? And then just separately, any way to quantify the level of newness you expect in F'17 versus '16? Not sure if you can break out what percentage of sales was driven by new product introductions in '16. What do you expect that to be in '17? 
Stuart Haselden: Okay, Paul. I'll try to cover as much of that as I can. I think to offer some of color on how Q1 has been shaping up, as I've mentioned, we saw a deceleration in e-commerce related to conversion that began in the last couple of weeks of January that's persisted into the early part of Q1, February and March. We saw it on the store side. Traffic headwinds become tougher early in February. So I wouldn't draw a distinction between February and the early weeks of March. I think what we're -- as we think about the guidance that we gave, the distinction we are drawing is we're expecting some measured improvements into April related to some of the things we've talked about. The Nulux program that's landed in stores this week, it's having a very strong guest response as well as the -- some of the chase activities that we mentioned that will begin to land next week. So February and March have not had the benefit of those particular activities or efforts. And then beyond April, into the balance of the year, there's just a number of things that we're focused on with major investments behind them that will help drive the different parts of the business that we've already talked about. From a product category standpoint, we've seen strength in bottoms across men's and women's. We've seen jackets and outerwear that had been a challenging category for us in the fourth quarter, and we've seen that continue into Q1. I don't know if Laurent or Celeste would add anything from a product standpoint. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, Paul, it's difficult to quantify newness. What I can say is that in '17, you'll see more newness both from a design standpoint and from a function standpoint. So when you think about launching a new fabric like Nulux, I mean, like the response has been tremendous. I mean, I think our tights' already #1 selling tights since the launch. So I mean, it really speaks for how well our new fabrics resonant with our guests. But also from a design standpoint, we've caught on in print. I mean, we've got a lot coming up. And when you think about the bra category that's already been performing strongly, we're going to have this really bold launch after a field of R&D and product testing with our athletes. So 2017 is -- the pipeline, and we've been talking about for the past years about sort of filling up the pipeline of innovation, and 2017 is really the year where both from a design and from a functional standpoint, we're going to see this pipeline really delivering the values to our guests that we have been waiting for. 
Operator: This concludes the time allocated for questions on today's call. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Howard Tubin: Okay. Thanks so much, everyone, for dialing in. We'll speak to you next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-12-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the lululemon athletica inc. Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, Senior Vice President, Finance, for lululemon athletica inc. Please go ahead. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; and Stuart Haselden, CFO. Lee Holman, EVP Creative Director, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another strong quarter with revenues of $544 million and normalized diluted EPS of $0.47, representing earnings growth of 34% versus last year, a substantial inflection point for lululemon. Similarly to last year, as we entered Q4, sales results have been mixed with a more recent strengthening in the China, and Stuart will offer more details later on our outlook.  That said, we continue to be on track with our 5-year plan of doubling our revenue and more than doubling our earnings as we continue to execute against our long-term growth strategies, ranging from product innovation, expanding our international footprint, building a $1 billion men's category and connecting our global collective to our digital ecosystem. 
 In the most recent quarter, we saw the top line momentum from the first half of the year continue as we delivered a plus 7% combined comp. A critical component of our success in Q3 was our gross margin performance. The ongoing focus on our supply chain, upgrading our sourcing and our logistic structure drove a 420 basis point gross margin improvement over the past year. This gross margin expansion is a key element in the earnings recovery that we see today and expect going forward. 
 Taking a closer look at our result this quarter. We delivered a mid-single-digit comp in both tops and bottoms within the women's category, with our bra revenue growing more than 20%. Our performance in tops and tanks was perfectly illustrated by the success of layer combination, such as our scoop tank, a lightweight self-lift top, which paired beautifully with our Free To Be Zen and Energy Bras.  As you will remember, we completely redesigned our pant wall a year ago. The 11% comp we experienced in this category in Q3 validates the strength of our assortment as this anchor category continues to resonate with our guests.  The Align Pant, which uses our exclusive Nulu fabric, has become our #1 pant style in less than 1 year. Continuing to build on the Naked Sensation family, we just introduced the Nulux fabric designed for high-sweat and high-intensity training. The Like Nothing Pant, made with Nulux, landed in the top 5 new styles introduction, demonstrating that our focus on innovation results in fantastic guest demand. 
 In our men's category, we delivered another mid-teens comp in Q3, consistent with the momentum from the first half of the year. We continue to see strong performance with our key franchises, ABC construction, Metal Vent and shorts. And as we focused on innovation and expanding our product offering, we showcase the collaborative creation process with our athletes through the voice of our Advanced Concepts team. The story highlighted our technical outerwear focused on thermoregulation, breathability and active layering systems, along with the design and craftsmanship of the garments. The outerwear collection was designed for cold-weather workouts as well as urban commuting and travel. At the pinnacle of our innovation, we were excited to introduce the Einn Shell, engineered from a single pattern piece to reduce weight without sacrificing function. Our Whitespace R&D team worked out the critical attributes minimizing weight and distractions in the garment while achieving the highest level of performance in an outdoor environment.
 Turning to the key strategies that will drive the success of our 5-year plan. I will now highlight our progress within product innovation, international expansion, building our digital ecosystem and last, but not least, maximizing our North American potential. Starting with product innovation. Our design vision continues to cut through with the application of more intentional and beautiful craft details grounded in function. These details are what sets us apart and what our guest continues to expect from us. We introduced new artwork and texture in our Rest Less series, which is an expansion of our women's seamless assortment. And we continue to stand for critical fabric innovation for sweat across both women's and men's.
 While I cannot completely share the full plan with you, what I can tell you is that we'll be coming up with fantastic innovation in the bra category in 2017. Earlier this year, we opened our second lab concept on Bond Street in New York. Bringing our lab innovation to a broader audience for the first time, we launched the Splatter Reflective run collection both in our lab and online in October. The collection featured raw materials and prints that created a unique texturized reflectivity. We also launched a couple of men's products from our lab store online, which offered a variety of new silhouettes, including the Vector Jacket, a hybrid design that combines a button down shirt and jacket. Our labs, both in Vancouver and New York, are incubators for design, innovation and style exploration, and our lab strategy is gaining momentum, stretching beyond just 2 locations. You can expect to see the presence of lab-inspired products and designs offered online and in selected locations in the future.
 This winter, we are introducing specific innovation for men with abrasion-resistant yarns and thermal regulating benefits. Expanding on the Metal Vent Tech franchise, we're excited to introduce Metal Vent Tech Wool, which is a wool/yarn technology to keep our guests warmer and dryer during their athletic pursuits.
 Turning to international. We are accelerating our expansion in China by densifying our presence in Shanghai and Beijing. This month, we will be opening our first 3 stores in China. We are operating 2 stores in Shanghai, the first at the financial hub IFC center with an outstanding 2,150 square foot location. Our second store in Shanghai will be located at Kerry Center, a 2,250 store location on Nanjing West Road. This premium area for shopping and business hosts a blend of local and Western culture, and both locations will benefit from a high volume of qualified traffic. Building on these first 2 locations, we're planning to open 2 to 3 additional stores in Shanghai next year.
 In Beijing, we will open our first store in Sanlitun in the next few weeks. And to further accelerate our presence in China, we're also launching our local [indiscernible] in site later this quarter. I'm flying up to Shanghai tonight to be with our team and I'm proud of what they've accomplished in a short amount of time, growing this important and strategic market. These openings are happening on the heels of our performance on Alibaba's Singles' Day on November 11, the world's largest online shopping day. Our team on-site greatly exceeded our expectations, generating above 10,000 orders in 1 day.
 In Europe, we are opening our international flagship store in Regent Street in London mid-January 2017. This iconic 8,200-square foot location is one of the best shopping streets in the world. To build momentum and celebrate the opening, we will be releasing a limited collection of products designed in collaboration with Central Saint Martins, where students and our in-house concept team partnered to create a print and textile capsule collection that draws inspiration from the great outdoors and nature's perfect imperfections. These fantastic locations in both in China and London will be key in continuing to build international brand awareness. 
 Moving to our digital strategy. Our focus has been on bringing to life our design vision told through a combination of engaging story-telling, personalization and product assortment, while making the commerce experience scalable, easy and frictionless. We continue to leverage our CM engine to drive digital marketing campaigns, local store activities and events with deeper segmentation and knowledge of our guests, further enhancing our guest loyalty and experience. By using a channel-agnostic model, digital continues to boost the success of all of our channels. In Q3, we launched store inventory lookup on our mobile app and website, allowing our guests to see what inventory is in our store as well as the ability to ship from stores. We've also extended our platform globally, having completed our website redesign with the launch in EMEA and Asia Pacific, giving our guests a seamless experience. 
 Finally, with our North American business. We continue to optimize and grow our store portfolio through a combination of standard store, expanded co-located stores and local that are uniquely tailored to their market and community. I'm particularly thrilled with the continued success of our expanded co-located stores. These approximately 5,000-square foot locations allow us to showcase a broader assortment of the men's line. In Q3, we reopened our yogawear store in Toronto situated in one of Canada's leading luxury malls. In addition to an expanded men's area, the stores include a personal shop service, where guests can receive one-on-one personalized consultations and fit sessions. Since the store opened, sales are up 35% while the men's business has increased over 60%. 
 In the U.S, we just reopened Scottsdale Quarter, Wednesday before Black Friday. The store is now 60% larger. And so far, we've seen similar performance. We also opened our first 3 locals, which are locations under 2,000 square feet that allow us to enter intimate communities, create unique and curated experiences and build our brand. These locations are in Fort Collins, Colorado; Bend, Oregon; and Sun Valley, Idaho. We've seen tremendous success from our locals concept and have plans for additional locals next year.  We believe that this is a strategy that can apply anywhere in the world and is an exciting evolution of our showroom model. 
 As is evidenced with our locals, engaging with our community and our guest in a unique and relevant way remains a powerful tool and differentiator for us in the marketplace. We are staying connected with our guests in unique ways. Our sweat box in New York, which is mobile pop-up complete with a treadmill, provided new guests with an opportunity to test our new run-specific technical gear. And as many of you have seen on various social channels, we kicked off the holiday with The Air Out There campaign. Building on this campaign, we also launched lululemon's first ever winter guest log book, which showcases our cold-weather technical gear with breathtaking images shot in Norway. 
 With all of our strategy initiatives gaining momentum, we are on track to deliver on our long-term goals and this would not be possible without an amazing team of leaders, who inspire me every day with their passion for lululemon and what our collective stands for.  With people in mind, I'm excited to announce an important organizational updates. I'm thrilled to share Celeste Burgoyne's promotion to EVP Americas Retail. With over a decade at lululemon, Celeste is a powerful leader, who embodies our culture, values and consistently deliver exceptional results as she leads our largest team and operation. The Americas remain a critical part of our future and I could not envision a more inspiring leader to continue unlocking this potential.
 Son Cho [ph] has joined lululemon as our Senior Vice President of Global Merchandising. Son [ph] has an extraordinary background leading global merchant teams, coming to us most recently from Marc Jacobs, where she held the role of Chief Global Product Merchant. Son [ph] will be instrumental in partnering with our design and innovation teams to continue to refine our merchandising capabilities and bring our design vision to life globally.
 Greg Hurley joins us in Vancouver in the newly created role of SVP Global Store Design and Development. Greg will lead all of our real estate functions and setting the overall vision for store openings, relocations and remodels. Greg joins us most recently from Tesla Motors and prior to that, Apple, with over 20 years' experience in international real estate design and construction to infuse innovation and good boundaries to create one-of-a-kind experiences for our guests.
 And joining us at the end of January is our new GM for EMEA, Gareth Pope, who will be based in our London office. Gareth has built his career expanding the global footprint of well-known brands, having most recently served as Converse GM for EMEA. Gareth's deep understanding of the European market will be invaluable in our international expansion. 
 In summary, I'm really happy with our continued progress and excited for the future. The holiday season is what we gear up for all year and I'm grateful for our thousands of educators, who bring their passion, energy and commitment to build our collective around the world. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Stuart, who will review our financial results for the third quarter and provide guidance on full year. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I will start by offering some additional color and details on the third quarter results before discussing our current outlook for the fourth quarter and the resulting full year 2016. 
 The third quarter was an important period that marked the achievement of several milestones toward which we have been working for the last couple of years. As Laurent mentioned, the gross margin results in the third quarter exceeded expectations as our supply chain efforts to recover our product margins are now in full swing. This recovery is continuing into Q4 and will extend into 2017 and become our new margin architecture. We also posted a moderating SG&A rate increase as expected, which enabled us to deliver strong flow-through on the continued top line momentum across all channels and regions. The resulting 36% increase in operating profit and nearly 300 basis points of EBIT margin expansion speaks for itself. And we are pleased to see the story continuing into the current quarter on which I'll offer details momentarily. But first, I'd like to review the details of Q3.
 Total net revenue rose 13.5% to $544.4 million. The increase in revenue was driven by several factors. First, total constant-dollar comparable sales growth of 7% comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 4% and an e-commerce comp of 16%. We also increased total square footage by 11% versus last year, driven by the addition of 35 net new company-operated stores since Q3 of 2015: 14 net new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 4 in Europe, 3 in Asia, 13 ivivva stores and offset with 1 store closure in Australia. We continue to be pleased with the strength of our store portfolio, where we've seen positive comps consistently across all age classes since last year. 
 Foreign exchange had a minimal impact on reported revenues in Q3, increasing revenues by $700,000. At the end of Q3, we also had a total of 56 showrooms in operation, 20 in international markets and 36 in North America. Revenues from company-operated stores totaled $393.5 million or 72.3% of total revenue compared to 73.7% of total revenue a year ago. Revenues from our digital channel totaled $104 million or 19.1% of total revenue compared to 18.6% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes outlets, showrooms, strategic sales, franchises, pop-up stores and warehouse sales, totaled $46.9 million versus $37 million in the third quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $278.4 million or 51.1% of net revenue compared to $224.8 million or 46.9% of net revenue in Q3 2015, an increase of 420 basis points. The factors that contributed to this outcome include: a 450 basis point increase in product margin, driven primarily by higher merchandise margins from lower average unit costs and improved AURs; markdowns for the quarter had a nominal impact to product margin on a year-over-year basis. We maintained a measured level of clearance activity across our channels in Q3 as we lapped the physical warehouse sale in Boston last year. This ensured a healthy inventory position as we entered Q4. 
 We also saw continued success in expanding our ship-from-store program that reflects the evolution of our omni-channel model. Specifically, we were able to leverage the clearance section of our website to move slower-selling styles in over 80 of our stores at a superior margin than we would have otherwise. This is a new capability introduced this year that we continue to scale.  We also saw 20 basis points of gross margin improvement due to foreign exchange. Offsetting these improvements and product margin was 50 basis points of deleverage from investments in our design, merchandising and supply chain functions that are included in our cost of goods sold. 
 Store occupancy and depreciation expense growth had a slight benefit to gross margin for the quarter. SG&A expenses were $185.5 million or 34.1% of net revenue compared to $156.6 million or 32.7% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 140 basis point increase in SG&A rate was driven by increases in store and overall employee costs including annual incentive and stock-based compensation expenses, continued investments in areas such as digital, brand and IT functions and investments to drive top line such as digital, marketing, product campaigns and related brand marketing costs. These were offset with an increase in net foreign exchange gains compared to Q3 2015. As a result, operating income for the quarter was $93 million or 17.1% of net revenue compared with $68.2 million or 14.2% of net revenue in Q3 2015, an increase of 290 basis points.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $25.3 million or 27% of pretax earnings compared to 18.6% a year ago. In the third quarter this year, we recorded a $4 million recovery that is connected to the company's transfer pricing arrangements and an associated repatriation of foreign earnings. This compares to a tax recovery adjustment in Q3 2015 of $7.7 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter 2016, excluding the above tax adjustments and associated interest costs would have been 31.3%. 
 Net income for the quarter was $68.3 million or $0.50 per diluted share. This is compared to net income of $53.2 million or $0.38 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2015. Excluding the tax and related interest adjustments, diluted earnings per share in Q3 would have been $0.47 compared to $0.35 last year or an increase of 34%. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 137.2 million versus 140.5 million a year ago. This reduction is due to our recent stock repurchase program that was completed in Q2.  At our recent Board meeting, we received approval to repurchase an additional $100 million of our common shares in the open market at prevailing market prices. The program is intended to create shareholder value by making opportunistic repurchases during periods of favorable market conditions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will be dependent on market conditions and other factors. And finally, capital expenditures were $34.9 million for the quarter compared to $42.9 million in the third quarter last year.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $480.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $364.5 million or 2% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2015, reflecting an 8% decrease in inventory per square foot. We expect our inventory growth at the end of the fourth quarter to now be more in line with our forward sales trend, which also takes into account in-transit inventory movement to manage around the product flows during Chinese New Year.
 Now turning to our outlook for Q4 and the resulting full year 2016. Like many others, we expense a slow start to Q4 in the first 3 weeks of November. Since then, we've seen a strengthening trend into week 4 with the Black Friday weekend and Cyber Monday being particularly strong and continuing into December.  While we are encouraged by the recent trend and believe we will deliver a mid-single-digit constant dollar comp for the fourth quarter, we are updating our guidance to reflect a Q4 revenue range of $765 million to $785 million. This revenue range also reflects the opening of 15 net new stores in the quarter and a Canadian dollar at CAD 0.74 to the U.S. dollar, which is CAD 0.03 lower than the CAD 0.77 assumed in our prior guidance, and an approximate impact of $5 million to our prior revenue guidance.
 The gross margin inflection that began in Q2 and Q3 is now extending into Q4. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate gross margin to increase by approximately 300 to 350 basis points over Q4 of last year. The improvements in our supply chain efficiencies and product costing that accounted for the Q3 gross margin expansion are the same factors now driving these improvements in Q4. Again, offset by slight deleverage in occupancy and depreciation and also in product and supply chain costs. 
 We expect SG&A in the fourth quarter to delever by approximately 150 basis points. This SG&A outlook reflects investments associated with brand marketing, digital and IT areas of the business. Assuming a tax rate of 31.2% and 137.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.01 per share versus normalized diluted earnings per share of $0.85 a year ago. For the full year 2016, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.32 billion to $2.34 billion. This is based on comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to have opened 42 company-operated stores by year-end, which represents a square footage increase of approximately 11.5%.
 We expect gross margins for the year to increase from 2015, driven by the significant improvements in our sourcing and supply chain structure. We expect deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2015, driven by the strategic investments that were mentioned earlier, principally in supply chain, brand, digital, CRM and IT systems, along with the net FX revaluation losses incurred so far this year.  Importantly, as our infrastructure investments moderate into next year, we expect to see a modest level of SG&A leverage in 2017 while still continuing to invest in our critical growth strategies. We will provide more specific guidance for 2017 as part of our Q4 call. 
 We now expect our fiscal year 2016 diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.18 to $2.23 or $2.11 to $2.16 normalized for the tax and related interest adjustments incurred this year. This is based off of 137.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and also assumes an effective tax rate of 28.2% or 30.9% on a normalized basis. We expect capital expenditures to range between $165 million to $170 million for the fiscal year 2016, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital, IT, supply chain and head office capital investments. 
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brian Tunick of RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, first question for Stuart. I think you talked about 300 basis points of gross margin opportunity to recover from the 2014, I think, year-end levels. So just wondering, given what we've seen here, given what you're commenting on from Q4 guidance, any thoughts on a timing perspective of recapturing the 300 basis points or are there other levers to pull? And similarly on the pricing side, I guess, now that you're going to be lapping some of the price increases from Q4 last year, are there any elasticity or category learnings you can share with us on what you're seeing on your increased pricing? 
Stuart Haselden: Brian, it's Stuart. So absolutely. On the first question you have there on the gross margin recovery, first, we're really pleased with what we've seen in the quarter. The most recent quarter exceeded our expectations. As we've looked at the original goal that we had, of recovering the 300 basis points of product margin from 2014, and I'll remind you that was excluding the impact of FX, we are in the third quarter now in that range of recovery. And we expect to see that extend certainly into the fourth quarter and into, I would say, the greatest degree of inflection will occur in the second half of this year and into the first half of next year. And I think that's consistent with how we have framed it previously for folks. So we're pleased to be on track for that level of gross margin recovery. We believe that beyond the middle of next year, it becomes a structural element of our business model. We will see more modest improvements from that point forward and it connects to our broader 5-year goal that we'd outlined back in March of achieving a $4 billion business by 2020 with our gross margin starting with a 5 and our EBIT margin starting with a 2. And so I think this is an important milestone for the company and an important step in achieving that level of profitability and affirming very positively the progress against those goals. So and then on to your other question regarding pricing. We have really, over the last, I would say 12 to 18 months, built a new muscle within the company within our merchandising team around pricing. And it started with a very important project that BCG led for us. It actually helped us step from that project away from not just understanding where our pricing architecture fits within the industry, but also helping us build the internal processes so that we can have a more sophisticated approach to how we price our goods. I would say we've certainly benefited from that over the last, call it, 12 months. But as we look forward, the AUR improvements that we will see are not simply just raising prices. It becomes just a more robust process where we look for opportunities from a mix standpoint that will improve AURs, not just this year, but going forward. So where we see opportunities to evolve the mix of our business, those can and often will bring with them AUR upside, and it doesn't necessarily mean a price increase. So I think that's an important part of the business model that we need to help folks understand. From an elasticity standpoint, we're very pleased with what we saw from some of the more meaningful price moves that we made end of last year into this year. We made more measured moves in other regions, including Canada. And we're still collecting and evaluating those additional pricing moves. So overall, very pleased with the results of the specific moves. But even more importantly, pleased with the new capabilities regarding pricing that we've developed within the company. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Brian, I would remind everybody that a lot of our pricing strategy and the transition that we've made are being driven by innovation. So when you look at us launching the Nulu fabric and the alignment last year or the Nulux fabric, I mean, when we deliver innovation to our guests, I mean, we actually -- and where you see the value, we actually see very little resistance. So I mean, those pricing -- the pricing strategy has been driven for the vast majority of the product by innovation. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think multiyear, what's the best way to break down your mid-single-digit total company same-store sales target? Meaning, what kind of growth are you embedding between tops, bottoms and men's to hit that mid-single-digits on a multiyear going forward? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So we certainly feel like that level of comp is sustainable. And that's how we think about our top line picture over the next 5 years. And as we had shared, we see our men's business growing in penetration somewhere in the ballpark of 25% of the total by 2020. That implies a faster growth pace for men's. The double-digit comps that we've seen in men's, we feel like we're just getting started. And we're thrilled with the momentum that we have in men's, but we see a tremendous amount of opportunities in front of us in that business. We've also been really pleased with the momentum that we've seen in women's pants. We had a very successful pant launch, pant wall launch last Q3. I think Laurent mentioned in his prepared remarks, we posted double-digit comp in women's pants in the third quarter of this year. We're seeing really strong momentum in women's pants into Q4, which really speaks to our ability to comp that business and drive innovation into our products consistently. And there's -- and Laurent mentioned some of the new fabrics and new designs that we have in women's pants. Maybe I'll pause there and let -- give the floor to Lee maybe speak a little bit more about some of the innovation in our product strategy that will drive that mid-single-digit comp. 
Lee Holman: Yes, I think it's just really exciting as you see Q3 come to fruition, there's been a pipeline of fabric innovation that's coming to our guests. I think this is just the start of the journey. You can see that we're bringing it to our women's pants business from 12 months ago with Nulu, then Nulux come in. And you can see that being see scale maximizing 2017. But then as Stuart said, just getting into the men's business, you'll see really leveraging our franchises around ABC, the Metal Vent and also our technical shorts and other innovation as we go through the year. So I'm very excited about the team's work and how we're bringing that together. And I think on the men's line [ph], just recently recruiting Ben Stubbington into the men's Senior Vice President job, just really actually elevates our talent across the leadership in design and merchandising. So really excited about the future and this is just the starting point of our -- how we land innovation to our guests. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up, as we move forward, what's the best way to think about square footage growth into next year versus the low double-digit pace this year? And just the profitability of international today and the opportunity as you see it? 
Stuart Haselden: So Matt, on the square footage question, I think what you're seeing in 2016 is the pace of square footage growth we would expect to see going forward over the next few years. The mix of how we will deliver that will evolve, obviously. We're really pleased with the progress in China, in particular. And that will become a growing and more important part of the square footage growth story. Maybe I'll let Laurent speak to the international strategy. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, as far as international, I mean, we talked in the remarks about the acceleration in China and the densification in Shanghai and Beijing. So I'm really, really excited about that and really excited about the location that the team has been able to secure. So and I'll see that. I'm flying there tonight. And so we said that by 2017, we'll have about 20 stores both in Europe and in Asia, and we'll be breaking even by the end of 2017. I think that what you're going to -- that statement is totally relevant. You're going to see an acceleration in Asia we've had a lot of momentum and a greater level of profitability. In Europe, we're going to be a little bit more patient, but the overall international picture really remains the same. 
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company. 
Oliver Chen: We had a question. Your omni-channel experience has really gotten much better and more exciting and more of a lifestyle picture. What do you think about the long-term prospects of how you will strategically utilize the We Made Too Much in terms of just making sure that you stay a brand appropriate as you engage in using that as an efficient way? And Stuart, on the markdowns for Q4, what are we -- what are you incorporating in terms of markdowns versus last year for Q4? It has been a tough industry environment for traffic volatility. So curious about your thoughts there. It sounds like your inventories are really under control. And Laurent, I had a question on tops. We were in the stores today, and we've seen a lot of nice moves towards flowy away from built-in, but built-in also having a strong offering. Just is that a permanent shift that you're seeing? Or is it kind of seasonal or cyclical? Would love your thoughts. 
Laurent Potdevin: So thanks, Oliver. I mean, I'd love to answer the question on tops. But I think Lee is going to do that much better than I will, so I'll let him speak to that. But quickly on your question on the We Made Too Much. I mean, our strategy is really clear. I mean, we're not making product for that section. We're not planning with that section in mind. And I think actually what we've seen recently, with being able to leverage the store -- the ship-from-store is actually allowing us to use that section to really clean up our inventory at a higher margin so I'm really, really pleased with that. So it's a matter of being really agile and using it as a really efficient tool and certainly, not building that as a category that -- or as section that we rely on. So that's on the why We Made Too Much. I mean, maybe Stuart can chime in on -- yes, second part of your question and then Lee can talk about tops. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure.  Yes, and on the -- and Oliver, on the We Made Too Much, so we're going to continue to leverage the various levers that we have to clear inventory that you're aware of. And we're just -- we're really pleased to have this new capability with ship from store that enables us to move this inventory, these slower-moving styles just more efficiently at a higher margin with a great guest experience. So this is -- I think in the quarter and what's been written, I think this is one of the most misunderstood parts of our business model right now. And so you simply -- you can't simply look at the style count on the clearance page on the website. It's not an apples-to-apples comparison to last year or even last week. As we are continuing to add new stores into the program, we're up to over 80 stores that participate in that today. And we'll obviously continue to evaluate what the most effective presentation of that page is and balance that with the overall experience for the guest on the website. But again, really, really pleased with the results. And I think it is reflected in the margin results and certainly the markdown results that we just reported. 
Lee Holman: Yes, and Oliver, on the tops, thank you for recognizing the shift that we've made. It's really had a focused team cross functionally to work on our tops business. And it really came down to leading with sweat with innovation and having a balanced assortment from shelf to shelfless tanks. We're leading with, obviously, our sculpt tank. But as you can see in the comps in our bras, really going back to some of our key franchises, from Free To Be -- the Free To Be Zen that we introduced and then Tranquil. And then how then are our guests wearing our tops together. So having really a diverse portfolio of fabrics from Pima cottons some of our silver innovation platforms. But really getting to -- close to our guests, understanding how people are sweating and transition through their day, as people are leaving more from a -- kind of a moving more in their lifestyle. So really tapping into that, but really around a balanced assortment. So I'm really happy about where we are and also the future opportunity around tops. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: As of last quarter -- I think as of last quarter, you had a few regions in Canada that were underperforming. I'm curious if you've seen any improvement in those regions. Maybe also just more broadly, can you talk about U.S. versus Canada performance and particularly on the traffic side? 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. So yes, I think we had mentioned the underperformance in certain parts of Canada that the oil-producing regions have been challenged just from a broad macro economy standpoint. That generally continues to be the case. Canada, overall, in the third quarter performed well even with the soft trend in Alberta, in particular. And so as a result, there wasn't really a headline to call out in terms of Canada outperforming or underperforming the U.S. in the third quarter. And so the -- as we look forward to the fourth quarter, you've seen the choppy trends that we had described in the prepared remarks and we're looking to lean in and drive the business, where we see opportunities geographically. And we've seen some important store optimizations in Canada. I think we had 3 in the third quarter, 2 in the U.S., the Toronto optimization, in particular, was a very successful one. So we're pleased with how we're being able to find opportunities to evolve the square footage strategy in Canada, where we probably didn't see as much opportunity previously. And there's obviously more opportunity yet remaining in the U.S. from a square footage standpoint. So I think those are the headlines I'd call out. Laurent, I don't know if there's anything else you'd add? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, the only thing that I would say from a Q4 standpoint in Canada is that I just recently visited a number of stores, and I think we've done – first of all, our people are incredibly energized. I mean, the store looked great and we've had a real focus on continuing to really engage with the communities and a real focus on digital merchandising and some of the windows. So I think that, as I said earlier, I mean, like the holiday season is what we gear up and the energy that I've seen in the stores and how good the stores look really give me a lot of confidence in our people's ability to really maximize the season that we love the most. 
Paul Lejuez: And any color on the traffic trends, Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. On traffic, first, as we've said, we've been pleased with our comps and how we drove them over the course of the full year, not just Q3. And this has really also supported our margin outcome. And our focus with regard to traffic is in driving quality traffic to support a premium full price business. We're not simply going after every last bit of traffic possible. We're driving comps with higher AURs in a very healthy way for our brand. That said, while our store traffic is slightly negative, it is consistent with the trends that we've seen throughout the year and is substantially better than most of what we see reported in the industry broadly. And this -- the traffic that is out there today tends to be more serious about making purchases and not just window shopping. So we are still seeing healthy traffic from these guests. And as we look into Q4, there's really no reason that the Q4 traffic or the composition of our comps should be -- should really be that much different than it has been all year. So I think that's -- those are the headlines on traffic and why we remain confident in our comp trends. 
Laurent Potdevin: And when you think about traffic, I mean, obviously, I mean, the macro environment is what it is and we think it will stabilize. It's interesting to see the balance of online and brick-and-mortar and how it's happening. When you think about Amazon Go just launching their third grocery store, right? So I mean, we think it will stabilize and we're not waiting for it to stabilize. I think that's why we are really thrilled to continue to really push the colocated expanded format basically as we grow the men's business and we see the acceleration and as we grow the assortment. So those colocated stores, I mean, we know we've got highly qualified traffic, they are very vibrant communities. So that's really, really powerful. And then on the flip side, the locals, where we can be very nimble and very agile in entering some communities and leveraging our digital ecosystem to continue to drive traffic. So I think we've got -- we're not waiting for the macro environment to change. We think it will stabilize and we're taking steps. And then I would add that on game day and during the holiday season, I mean, we know how to drive traffic and our people are the best. On Black Friday, we had a plus 16% comp in the U.S. and on Cyber Monday, a plus 29% comp. And I think what's more exciting in those comps is that the full price comps were very similar to the overall comps. So that really speaks to not only our ability to drive traffic, but also our ability to continue to be the leading brand that sells merchandise at full price. 
Operator: The next question comes from Betty Chen of Mizuho Securities 
Betty Chen: I was wondering if we can talk a little bit about ivivva. The stores that we've seen, they look terrific. Seems like there's growing brand awareness. Certainly, that seems to be another big opportunity for the company as a whole. Can you talk about what you're seeing there? Any comp trends and any sort of latest thoughts around productivity and openings? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, you know what, I mean, we're actually really excited about ivivva. Actually, one thing that I did not mention on the call is Kristy Maynes, who was running Europe and who has been with us for quite a few years and is a very strong operator who was running Europe, recently relocated back in Vancouver and is leading the charge at ivivva. So for the first time, ivivva is actually looked as a standalone brand with a General Manager. And I'm thrilled to have her run this brand reporting into Celeste, and that's why we have Gareth coming in Europe. And so I think that the goal in 2017 is really to accelerate both the growth and also the profitability of ivivva by being a separate brand and being a guest that we've got between the ages of 8 and 12, is do we maximize the 4 years that we've got with these young guests and really looking at disrupting the model a little bit. So continuing to have those amazing experience, but how do we do that differently and more profitably? So really continuing to push what we do best with ivivva, which is engaging with that demographic, but really also having permission to disrupt the model and potentially look at the different distributions in different categories. So you'll see accelerated profitability in '17 and probably some evolution of the business model. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Stuart, I guess you talked about being able to leverage the clearance section on the website, move slower-selling styles in 80 of the stores. I'm just kind of curious, is there a plan to kind of move that technology into the remaining 300 stores? And then if so, is there timing behind that? And then just a quick follow-up. You talked about brand marketing as a driver of the higher SG&A in Q4. Just curious more color on that. Is that overseas marketing? Is that domestic? And then kind of how you think about your marketing spend as we go into '17? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Ike, so on the -- your first question. The number of stores that will participate in the ship-from-store is still a moving target. I would not necessarily expect that every store would necessarily participate in it. As we look at the size of the stores, the density of inventory and we set the parameters for what makes sense in terms of how we will be able to tap that inventory reliably to support web sales, we're still landing the exact algorithm for which stores are going to be good candidates to participate. So certainly, suffice it to say, we like it to be as many as possible. There's not a set timing other than I would expect it'll likely unfold probably over the next 18 months will land what the full penetration of store participation could look like, but that's something we can certainly continue to keep you abreast of. The -- on your second question with regard to brand marketing. It's -- we have a, as Laurent mentioned, we have a powerful and disruptive community marketing model. And that's something we're continuing to invest in aggressively. And so it's the elements of the model that you're familiar with in terms of how we get our educators into our communities to make those connections with our guests and our ambassadors, just continuing to evolve that model. And but then there's also investments that we're making from a brand standpoint to continue to explore are there new ways that we can maybe be louder in how we communicate the brand outside of the stand as well time-tested community model strategies. Are there other ways we can leverage a brand marketing voice. So that's -- we've invested into that into the second half of the year with the team here, led by Duke Stump. And so that's something that we'll be looking to expand and test in different ways into next year. So more to follow on that likely on the Q4 call, but that's something that's really coming together as we speak. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Schmidt of KeyBanc. 
Jessica Schmidt: Can you talk about the competitive environment and sort of the higher-end yoga athletic category? And with some of the new product you launched, with the new fashion and technical components, I guess, do you think that these innovations are helping you maybe regain share? 
Stuart Haselden: So Jessica, yes, the competitive environment is -- it's crowded. It's a crowded space. And certainly, on one hand, we believe that it's growing the overall size of the pie, if you will. And I think, as Laurent had mentioned on previous calls, we view athleisure as a trend. And like all trends, it will come to an end, at some point. And those competitors who are not in the business in a high-quality manner are going to -- they're going to go away. So we view ourselves as, in many ways, a technology company that is investing in innovation to drive our business. And the pant wall launch last year and the continued investments in innovation that we have this year to continue to drive the business in that regard exemplifies when we invest in innovation, we win. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I think it's really important to sort of differentiate from the athleisure trend and from how people want to live their lives. And I think that lululemon is the only brand out there that is truly a metaphor for how people want to live their lives and how they want to move. And that's true across gender, that's true globally. And we really actually don't see that lifestyle changing anytime soon. So I mean, you could argue that either the space is really crowded and we have a lot of competitors, or we have very few. And as long as we focus on function and innovation, and delivering value to our guests, I mean, we really don't see any risk to the market that we've created and the market that we continue to lead. So I'm really excited when I look at the runway of innovation, the categories that we can get into and the global sort of footprint that we're building. 
Lee Holman: Yes, and also, Jessica, I think just at the moment, I mean, you'll see actually as you go through the upcoming season just really heightened focus on building a pipeline in innovation. And I believe lululemon is very unique in a sense of our innovation team from the Whitespace but also Advanced Concept, and also we have different avenues of how we're building innovation from our lab strategy, also how we're gathering information from our ambassadors constantly and just really building out our pipeline. And I think you're going to see it come to fruition and really [indiscernible] scale and maximize. And I think the Nulu fabric is a good example of that being 12 months ago being launched and now being our #1 pant product, and I see that from Nulux as well, really building around at that sensation of naked and how you can build out in different areas of our business going forward. So I'm really excited about leading with innovation that really separates ourselves from the market. 
Stuart Haselden: Great. Thank you. 
Lee Holman: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes time allocated for questions on today's call. I'll now turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks. 
Chris Tham: Thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. Have a wonderful holiday, and we look forward to speaking again next quarter. Thank you. 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-09-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the lululemon Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 The conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, Senior Vice President, Finance for lululemon. Please go ahead. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to lululemon's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; and Stuart Haselden, CFO.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes.
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com.
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour.  [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was a strong quarter with revenue of $515 million, earnings up $0.38 per share and most importantly, the return to earnings growth we had predicted. 
 The level of execution across our 4 key strategies: product innovation, building a digital ecosystem, North American growth and international expansion, combined with our focus on operational excellence, drove our continued performance. What pleases me most, with regards to our performance, is the quality of our results, which were driven by the ongoing top line momentum, as our investments in innovation continued to drive the business. Our SG&A came in a bit higher, in part due to accelerating some investments, which Stuart will speak to later.
 Gross margin improvement accelerated substantially and the inflection in product margins we've been building towards exceeded expectations as we posted a 260 basis point increase over last year. This is the result of the initiative that started a couple of years ago to build a scalable supply-chain and create a world-class sourcing structure to support our global expansion plan. I could not be more proud of the team's accomplishments in delivering this return to earnings growth. We are planning for this growth to accelerate into the second half of this year and beyond.
 Reflecting on our global opportunity. We are leading and supporting one of the most significant movements taking place, a continued trend towards a more active and mindful lifestyle. At the same time, retail is evolving at an increasingly rapid pace. We're observing a shift in the way consumers engage with brands, how they connect with each other, and how they value focus-driven brands. Each choice is increasingly built around experiences rather than transactions. 
 This evolution creates a tremendous opportunity for lululemon. Our highly productive physical footprint, augmented by our digital capabilities, combined with a deep understanding of the communities we're active in, gives us the unique advantage and flexibility to adapt quickly to consumer behavior. Despite a challenging macro environment, our educator, our products and our focus on operational excellence have driven another healthy mid-single-digit  comp in the second quarter. 
 We saw continued performance in our store as well as an e-commerce comp of 16% after normalizing for the online warehouse sales that occurred last year. 
 Looking more broadly at results across all categories in Q2, we saw our design vision powerfully come to life and resonate with our guests. Within the women's category, guest embraced unique design details, such as mesh, braiding, bonding and engineered prints. Our Minimalist collection, designed for studio, and our Goal Crusher collection, designed for high sweat and run, incorporated some of these details and are a favorite with our guests. Our tops assortment continues to evolve, and we saw sequential improvement in our bra and tank categories, up 13% and 3%, respectively, year-over-year, driven by a powerful color assortment and growth in shirtless tanks. 
 The combination of function and fashion is beautifully expressed through prints, patterns [ph] and textures, with the deutrider [ph] print that launched in July being a perfect illustration of this combination. 
 Other future product highlights included continued strength in men with midteens comp, driven by new product and continued strong performance in iconic styles, such as the ABC pants and Metal Vent seamless tops. 
 Finally, our focus on operational excellence is the main driver of gross margin and earnings improvement. Benefits from sourcing, logistics and more disciplined supply chain processes drove these results. 
 Next, let me detail the  progress we've made across of the 4 strategies that are driving our long-term goals. First with product innovation. I am truly inspired by the continued evolution of the product assortment as it comes to life. Our return to being a design-led organization is coming through clearly, with an overarching vision translating across categories and genders.
 Nowhere was that better exemplified than with the 2016 Olympics and our partnerships with the Canadian women's and men's beach volleyball team. Hanging out with the athletes in July at our Cumberland store in Toronto was such a thrill, second only to watching them wear our product in Rio last month. This collaboration demonstrates the unique asset relationships that are at the core of what we do and how we work. 
 Within our women's tops category, our design focus has been in newer materials, fit, layering and outfitting. Within tanks specifically, you can expect to see more natural feel fabrics, lightweight layering option and the expansion of silhouette to complement our outfitting with more fitted bottoms. In the back half of this year, we will also introduce a new fleece aesthetic collection for men and women.
 Fabric innovation is front and center with the introduction of a new fabric within our bottoms assortment in September. Providing gentle compression and crafted to minimize disruptions, Nulu has it all. It offers quick drying, sweat-wicking and lightweight coverage. Nulu looks -- will make its debut with the like-nothing pants, and will also be available in core [ph] styles, including the wunder under and high times.
 This is lululemon's first Naked Sensation cardio pants specifically developed for sweaty indoor workouts such as spin. As we continue to raise the bar on craftmanship, we're also dialing up the visual impact of print, utilizing highly technical processes that allow us to achieve a richer level of color and detail without sacrificing function. You can expect to see this new digitally-engineered print on the Nulu's fabric we're launching, and in a variety of different style, including the new speed tight. 
 Later in the year, we will also introduce a gorgeous Black Friday collaboration with Janina Nilero [ph], also known as Feather Girl [ph], a textile designer from Paris who works regularly with couture houses.
 We combined the artistry of her feather designs with technical silhouettes and fabrics to create digitally-engineered print. 
 Our next area of focus is reaching our full potential in North America, where we continue to expand our footprint strategically while also exploring new formats. In May, we reopened our Mall of America store as a co-located men's and women's space, totaling 5,080 square feet. A dedicated and larger men's space provide for an unparalleled guest experience. And since the reopening, men's sales have increased 80% over last year to roughly 26% of total sale, while total sales are up 35%.
 We recently renovated our summer fit collection store in Detroit, one of the highest volume stores in the country. The men's business there is also one of the strongest across our portfolio. It's tremendously satisfying to see our momentum in this market, which is home to 4 professional sports team. 
 In a rapidly evolving landscape, we don't take a one-size-fits-all approach to store format. This year, you'll see us open the doors to new, smaller format store that we're calling, local. These innovative hyper-local community stores allow us to come to life in front of -- influence communities that we wouldn't otherwise reach, offering events and programmings that are relevant to the local community.
 These locals will be anywhere between 1,000 to 2,000 square feet with similar productivity per square foot as our standard stores. The Fort Collins, Colorado local, which opened on August 20, is the first and the response has been overwhelmingly positive. More locals will follow in select markets across the U.S. and Canada. 
 With smaller retail footprint, we are more innovative about the way we connect with and service our guest, and we are able to reach the full potential of the smaller store format with air cover from our digital environment. Digital is our next key strategic priority. And since the launch of our new site, we've been focused on continually enhancing the guest experience with schemes and technology that are agile and nimble. This improvement extends to payment security. 
 At the most recent Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in June, we were excited to be among the first retailers to implement Apple Pay across web, mobile and stores. This will ensure secure payment authentication across our digital access points. 
 Our investment in CRM is already informing and enhancing the way we communicate with our guest, both in store and online. With a robust database that now includes over half of our guests, we are developing a unified, multichannel view that allows us to analyze and understand guest behavior and create greater engagement. As an example, I'm excited about the ship-from-store  pilot.
 Online orders can currently be fulfilled some available inventory in 11 location. This is yet another capability that further improves our ability to service our guest, optimize our inventory sell-through at full retail. Earlier results have been positive, and we are extending this to 65 stores for the upcoming holiday season. 
 Last, but not least, we are expanding our collection globally. As I have shared, building new and vibrant communities in key Asian and European cities is essential to our 5-year plan. On our last call, I mentioned several development, which have since come to life. 
 In August, we opened our first ever lululemon shop-in-shop concept at Harrods, one of the world's most iconic retailers. This venture brings lululemon within the walls of one of London's most famous destinations. Our team on the ground is excited to introduce the SWEATLIFE to the 14 million guests that visit the store each year. This past July in London, we had a one-day SWEATLIFE festival and dance party for 1,500 old and new friends. Our guests joined local and global yoga ambassadors, including Chris Chavez and Gloria Latham, and sweated with the best studios in London, finishing the day off in typical lululemon fashion with a dance party led by Grandmaster Flash.
 On August 19, we opened our first Maven [ph] store in Europe, within the historic Spitalfield market, one of London's oldest and most iconic shopping districts. And in Q4, we will open an 8,200 square foot store on Regent Street. With 7.5 million annual visitors to this area, it is one of the best shopping streets in the world. This store will be a key part of our capital city strategy and building the brand in Europe. 
 To celebrate the store opening, we are partnering with Central Saint Martins fashion students to create a limited edition collection that will be sold exclusively at the Regent Street store. 
 Turning to Asia. Our existing stores continue to perform well, and we are seeding  key cities in new markets. In July, we celebrated the opening of our first showroom in Osaka, our second in Japan following Tokyo. Located in popular shinsaibash area, the showroom is a great space that houses its own studio where the community team can host daily activities and classes.
 We continued to build momentum in Asia last month with Unroll China, a signature online to off-line community program in partnership with Alibaba. Registration for a series of iconic experience or events sold out overnight with guests attending the first ever yoga party in the Forbidden City with some of the world's most celebrated yoga teacher. Unroll China was a significant moment in building brand awareness for lululemon in Asia.
 Finally, we also have 2 additional store openings planned later this year. Following the successful opening of our first store in Seoul, Korea, which just opened our second store in Seoul, located at Parnas mall, the largest underground mall in Asia. 
 And finally, we plan to open our first store in Beijing later this year, located in Sanlitun, a key shopping and entertainment destination. We've been seeding China with 3 high-performing showroom, community events, such as Unroll China, and our presence on Tmall, which collectively are building awareness for the brand. We're only getting started here, and this will be a significant part of the global growth story going forward.
 In summary, our accomplishments and successful result in Q2 are being driven by our relentless focus on function, innovation and design; our authentic connections with our growing collective, which includes our educators, guest and ambassador; the amazing guest experience that we deliver at every touch point in-store and digitally, always adapting to where the market is going; and lastly, our high performance culture and focus on operational excellence, which drove our return to earnings growth. 
 We're very well positioned to deliver on our plan to double revenue and more than double earnings by 2020, and I could not be more proud of the way our entire team is working together to deliver this result. 
 I want to close by thanking our educators, who interact with our guest every day, are the face of lululemon around the world and remain, in so many ways, the key to our success. With that, I will now turn the call over to Stuart, who will review our financial results for the second quarter and provide guidance on the full fiscal year. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. As you mentioned, I will offer additional details on the results of our second quarter, I'll then discuss our current outlook for the third quarter as well as the full year 2016. 
 Q2 marks not only the achievement of critical performance milestones, but also represents an important turning point for lululemon. The product margin inflection in the quarter reflects the culmination of our ongoing efforts over the last 2 years and sets the stage for successive quarterly improvements as we restore the company's profitability. 
  The rebalancing of our inventories removes the prior overhang on our assortments and positions us to optimize our product offerings. And finally, the double-digit earnings growth in Q2 reflects our improving flowthrough on a continued strong top line. And this is just the beginning. As our SG&A investments are now moderating into Q3 and beyond, we expect to see accelerating earnings growth and expanding operating margins. 
  Turning now to the details of Q2.  Total net revenue rose 13.6% to $514.5 million or 14.7% on a constant currency basis. The increase in revenue was driven by several factors. First, a total constant-dollar comparable sales growth of 5%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 4% and an e-commerce comp of 7%. Keep in mind, we held an online warehouse sale last year in Q2 that accounted for $6.6 million in volume. Normalized for this event, our e-commerce comp would have been 10 comp points higher this quarter and consistent with our Q1 trend, and our overall comp would have been approximately 2 comp points higher.
 Secondly, an increase in square footage of 14% versus last year, driven by the addition of 43 net new company-operated stores since Q2 of 2015, 17 net new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 1 in Australia, 4 in Europe, 3 in Asia and 17 ivivva stores. 
 And finally, these factors were offset by the foreign currency exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $5.3 million or 1%. 
 During the second quarter, we opened 6 net new company-operated stores, 1 in Canada, 1 in Asia, 1 in Europe and 3 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 379 total stores versus 336 a year ago. There are now 309 stores in our comp base, 42 of those in Canada, 201 in the United States, 28 in Australia and New Zealand, 3 in Europe, 3 in Asia and 32 ivivva.
 At the end of Q2, we also had a total of 68 showrooms in operation: 25 lululemon showrooms in North America, 20 internationally, along with 23 ivivva showrooms. Revenues from company-operated stores totaled $381.4 million or 74.1% of total revenue, compared to $339.8 million in the second quarter of 2015 or 75% of total revenue. Revenues from our digital channel totaled $87.4 million or 17% of total revenue compared to 18.2% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. 
 Our e-commerce penetration increased by 10 basis points when normalized for the prior year online warehouse sale. Other revenue, which includes outlets, showrooms, strategic sales, franchises, pop-up stores and warehouse sales totaled $45.7 million versus $31 million in the second quarter of last year. This increase in other revenue relates primarily to new outlets and growth in existing outlets since the second quarter of 2015.
 We expect that growth rates in our other channel to normalize in the back half of this year as we anniversary these openings. Gross profit for the second quarter was $254.2 million or 49.4% of net revenue, compared to $212 million or 46.8% of net revenue in Q2 of 2015, an increase of 260 basis points. This marks the first quarter of year-over-year gross margin improvement since Q1 of 2014. 
 The factors that contributed to this outcome include 360 basis points of increased product margin. This was driven principally by lower overall product costs that increased merchandise margins and reductions in raw material liability expenses, along with lower markdowns compared to Q2 2015. These improvements resulted from our coordinated efforts across the supply chain. 
 Offsetting this improvement in product margin were 20 basis points of decline due to the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, 40 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation and 40 basis points from investments in our design, merchandising and supply chain functions that are included in our cost of goods sold. 
 SG&A expenses were $180.2 million or 35% of net revenue, compared to $145.4 million or 32.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 290 basis point increase in SG&A rate was driven by increases in Store and Support Centre employee costs, including annual incentive and stock-based compensation expenses; investments in our Store Support Centre overhead, which include our digital, IT, brand and retail operations functions; investments to drive top line, such as digital marketing, product campaigns and related brand marketing costs and a slight decrease in net foreign exchange gains compared to Q2 2015.
 The deleverage in the quarter was higher than initially expected primarily due to the acceleration of key investments in our merchandising operations, CRM capabilities and brand strategy. Specifically, these investments will enable us to sustain and extend the margin recovery that's now building and also accelerate efforts in customer analytics and brand marketing.
 As a result, operating income for the quarter was $74 million or 14.4% of net revenue, compared with $66.6 million or 14.7% of net revenue in Q2 2015. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $20.9 million or 28.1% of pretax earnings compared to 29.3% a year ago. The decrease in the tax rate is primarily due to a $1.9 million reduction in tax expense, which we recognized in Q2 2016. Similar to last quarter, this is connected to the company's transfer pricing arrangements and estimated taxes related to the associated plan to repatriate foreign earnings. 
 The effective tax rate for the second quarter, excluding the above tax adjustments and associated interest costs, was 30.5%. Net income for the quarter was $53.6 million or $0.39 per diluted share. This is compared to net income of $47.7 million or $0.34 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2015. 
 Excluding the tax and related interest adjustments, the diluted earnings per share would have been $0.38. There was a nominal impact to earnings from foreign currency this quarter versus the prior year. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 137.2 million versus 141.6 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 201,000 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $63.65 per share. By the end of the quarter, we had completed a total of $450 million in total share repurchases with the total authorization now having been completed.
 Capital expenditures were $44.6 million for the quarter compared to $37.2 million in the second quarter last year. This includes the purchase of a land parcel in Vancouver for corporate purposes for $19.7 million.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $535.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $277.3 million or 1.2% lower than at the end of the second quarter of 2015, reflecting a 15% decrease in inventory per square foot. 
 Our inventory levels and composition remained healthy, particularly when looking at the 2-year comparison. We are well-positioned from an inventory standpoint to achieve our back half sales expectations. We expect our inventory growth at the end of the third quarter to continue to sit beneath our forward sales trend as we anniversary our elevated inventory levels from last year. Turning now to the details of our Q3 and fiscal year 2016 updated outlook.
 We expect revenues in Q3 to be in the range of $535 million to $545 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single-digits  on a constant dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2015 and assumes a Canadian dollar at CAD 0.77 to the U.S. dollar. This also assumes 9 net new store openings in the quarter. 
 We are pleased to see the gross margin inflection that began in Q2 now extending into the initial weeks of Q3, and we expect this recovery to continue taking shape through the second half of this year and beyond. 
 For the third quarter specifically, we anticipate gross margin to increase in the range of 200 to 250 basis points over Q3 of last year. This increase is attributable to the following: higher product margins through lower overall product costs, which is the most significant component; duty, trade and logistics efficiencies and continued reductions in raw materials liability costs through our improved buying and sourcing processes. These will be offset by slight occupancy and depreciation deleverage and a modest deleverage in product and supply-chain SG&A. And based on the underlying foreign exchange rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a minimal impact to gross margin in Q3. 
 We expect SG&A in the second half to delever, but to a much lesser degree than the first half. For Q3 and Q4 combined, we anticipate approximately 100 basis points of deleverage with Q3 slightly higher and Q4 slightly lower. This SG&A outlook reflects incremental spend associated with merchandising and brand strategic investments as well as digital and IT cost associated with our omni-channel strategies. 
    Assuming a tax rate of 30.5% and 137.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 per share versus normalized diluted earnings per share of $0.35 a year ago. 
 For the full year 2016, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.325 billion to $2.350 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to open up to 42 company operated stores, which include the local that Laurent talked about earlier, 11 new stores internationally and 12 ivivva stores and represents a square footage increase of approximately 12%. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to increase from 2015, driven by the improvements delivered in Q2 and carrying forward for the remainder of the year. We expect deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2015, driven by the strategic investments that were mentioned earlier, principally in supply chain, brand, digital and IT systems, along with the net FX revaluation losses incurred so far this year. We expect our fiscal year 2016 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.11 to $2.19 or $2.07 to $2.15 normalized for the tax and related interest adjustments incurred this year.
 This is based off of 137.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. It also assumes an effective tax rate of 28.7% or 30.5% on a normalized basis. We expect capital expenditures to range between $165 million to $170 million for the fiscal year 2016, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments. 
 In closing, we are heading into the second half of the year in a position of strength, continued top line momentum, fueled by product innovation and the underlying strength of our brand and guest experience. This, together with a much improved operational foundation that has now begun to deliver on the anticipated gross margin recovery, well-positions us for the accelerating earnings and the inflection in operating margin that we now see materializing.
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brian Tunick of Royal Bank of Canada. 
Kate Fitzsimons: This is Kate Fitzsimons on for Brian. I guess, first is on the gross margin. Stuart, can you just speak to your expectations for markdowns into the back half now that inventory is so lean? And then, secondly, I guess, just product costs in particular appear to be coming in much faster than we anticipated. You'd previously spoken to that 300 basis point merch margin opportunity. I guess, just how is what you're seeing from a product cost perspective making you maybe reevaluate that opportunity, more bullish, just how should we think about that there? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Kate. On the -- on your questions on gross margin, let me just cast some or offer some clarity rather on the results in the second quarter and how we were able to exceed our expectations and our prior guidance. So there were really 3 factors that enabled us to exceed expectations in the second quarter. First, it was a favorable selling mix. We sold a higher proportion of our products from the higher-margin categories. The second factor was less markdowns. To -- more to your point, we saw a higher full price sell-through result in the quarter. We had less markdowns that were needed in order to stay on top of our inventory movement. And the third factor was a favorable duty cost outcome. We saw better-than-expected savings from our first sale programs. 
 Specifically on markdowns, as I mentioned, the results that we saw in the second quarter were better than expected. I would -- looking forward into the second half of the year, I wouldn't necessarily expect that, that same outcome would continue just given the healthy position that we have in our inventory now. So I would expect markdowns to normalize to some degree into the second half of the year and perhaps not be quite as favorable as we saw in the second quarter. 
 In terms of the product costs benefits that we are achieving, we are in fact on track to achieve the order of magnitude of the 300 basis point improvement as we look back to 2014 levels over the next few quarters. And so that is -- that program to recover that level of profitability is materializing. We're pleased with the progress we're making. And by the -- I would say, by 2017, certainly, the middle of 2017, we will have achieved the majority of that cost or that product cost improvement. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So on the SG&A front, can you just expand a little bit on the commentary regarding the moderating investments? And specifically, how should we think about the comp needed to leverage SG&A as we get into next year and into 2018? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, I would say the SG&A takeaway from the guidance and the results we just announced is that we expect SG&A to moderate into the second half of the year and into 2017 as well. Over the long term, I would expect us to be able to leverage SG&A at a high single-digit comp level. So -- but in the near term, we've just completed a number of critical strategic investments in relation to the infrastructure of our supply chain and merchandising. The bulk of those activities are wrapping up in the second quarter, and that is what's giving rise to the moderation in SG&A into the second half and then further into 2017. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. Can you speak to the cadence of comp you saw this quarter as we kind of move from the start to the finish? And then just what did you see in tops versus bottoms? And was performance in August versus your mid-single-digit  guide pretty consistent or anything to think about as we think about the progression from here? 
Stuart Haselden: So I'll speak to the comp progression and just the underlying drivers of the comp, and then maybe Laurent will speak to the product category performance. We did see traffic continue to be a headwind for us in the second quarter. We were able to offset that with improvements in AUR and UPTs that enabled us to deliver the positive comp that we reported. The traffic headwinds have extended into the third quarter, but similarly we're seeing upside in AUR and UPTs that are offsetting it. The trend has been choppy, and I think we're not immune to what's happening from a macro standpoint. We're not going to be able to break down the specific periods within the quarter, but the trends, we didn't see a huge divergence sort of beginning to end of the quarter, safe to say. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think that when you look at the product category, I mean, we continue to see a lot of strengths in the bottoms, women's bottoms. I mean, it's double-digit comping. And every time we've introduced new silhouettes, new functionalities, some of the details that came in the past couple of months and new fabrics, I mean, we see a fantastic response from our guests. So I really do feel that as we continue to -- we had the loss of the pant wall last year, and that was a moment in time where we introduced a couple of fabrics and a few silhouettes. And since then, we've been continuing to introduce silhouettes, if you think about the Align Pant or the Align Crop and every time we've done that, we've actually seen great response. And actually, where we've actually delivered more value to the guests and taken price increases, we've seen no price resistance. So really pleased with that. And the work that we're doing in tops is really starting to -- paying off, especially with tanks and bras. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Laurent, I'm wondering if you can look into the back half of the year and talk to us about the product initiatives. I'm not sure if the tank wall full relaunch has yet been executed in the stores. And then how do you think about the opportunities and challenges as you begin to anniversary that women's pant wall relaunch from early September last year? 
Laurent Potdevin: I think -- I don't think we should think about necessarily anniversarying the pant wall. I mean, the pant wall was a new way of presenting the product assortment with fabrics and silhouette, but it was really sort of a matter of starting to educate on sensation. And so I would really think about, for every product category, but specifically with pant, as a continued flow of innovation. So you're going to see,  we're going to introduce new looks with new fabric in September. And so you're going to see, the way we educate on sensation, you're going to see that continue. But within that education, you're going to see new fabric, new silhouette. So I feel like we've got the right pipeline of innovation, both from a fabric, a silhouette and as well from a print and texture standpoint, we've got the right pipeline of innovation to continue to perform in the category. So I feel really good about that. When I think about the back half of the year, what I'm really excited about is if you think about the first half, what we've done from a digital standpoint, we really put a great foundation in place. So we launched a website. For the first few weeks of the launch, I mean, we actually did better than we expected as user get a new user experience. But we invested less in digital marketing as users got familiar with the environment. And in the second half, I mean, now we've got CRM fully implemented. We've got capabilities to do A/B testing on everything we do. And we're going to see continual improvement with -- if you think about the whole experience, we are really relentlessly focused on reducing all the frictions with our guests. So from the way you're browsing to the way you're looking at the product pages, to the check-out, you're going to see a lot of improvements. So the foundation was put in place in Q1. We were able to achieve some great performance. And now we can really accelerate with tools that we're putting on top of that foundation. So I'm really excited about not only the impact that it will have online, but I mean, we benefit greatly from that work in stores as well. And so when you think about ship-from-store program or the continued success of our BBR apps that access online inventory in the stores, I mean, all of that coming together, I'm really, really excited about that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: On the topic on the online business and what's happening there, what would you isolate as the biggest year-over-year changes we should look to as we look to the back half? I'm just curious about thinking about inventory management across both online and offline and what opportunities you have there. And as you did elaborate on CRM, is that going to help traffic both online and in stores, like what's the linkage between CRM and the big opportunity to drive revenues? 
Laurent Potdevin: I wish we had more time to answer that question because there is so much going on in the back half. But I mean, if you look at -- simply look at what happened with the mobile app. Like since we relaunched the website, I mean, we went from a 2.5, 3 star rating in the app store to a 4.6 star rating, which really speaks to the new user experience. So you had a couple of questions. I mean, if you think about CRM and analytics, I mean, one, the ability to test everything we're doing is something that we didn't have and something that's paying off instantly. So we can put different product pages up and know within hours what works, what doesn't work or what works better. From a men's standpoint, I mean, lately, we've been able to send like a men's personalized homepage to the guest that we know, and that had over a couple of weeks an improvement of 7.5% in conversion for that segment, which was fantastic. I mean, if you think about in-store reengagement with sharing all of that CRM data so that the store can actually create events that are catered to very qualified guests. And we can actually switch from a weekly e-mail that was really product-based to opportunities that are more event-based. So maybe you're a lapsed guest and we're getting you back or maybe you're a first time guest and we can really talk to you in a more personalized way, and all of that's coming to life in the back half of the year. So to your question, it's -- you're going to see continually and it's very agile and nimble, the environment that we build with the team that we have. So you're going to seek continual change through the entire experience and it will benefit the stores as well. And we're linking inventory. So when you think about ship from store, I mean, it's really going to allow us to use potential like broken sites curve to move them much faster at full retail. So avoiding those onesies and twosies markdown in the stores, then we'll have access to those items much faster. So there's a lot going on in the back end of the year that will bring the entire ecosystem together. 
Oliver Chen: And Laurent, the shop in shop at Harrods sounds awesome. And I know there's so much demand for both the brand and really wholesalers just kind of replicating a lot of what you do. What's your long-term vision for how wholesale should play a role as you think about your global strategy and as you grow your business and think about speed and awareness versus direct to consumer from lulu? Because there are potentially a lot of great brand partners out there, but there's pros and cons to using the wholesale channel? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, I think it -- well, first of all, when you mention a wholesale, I mean, I think it's really important for people to know that at Harrods, I mean, it is our employees and our inventories. So what we're known for is the experience, I mean, we actually create and control that experience, which is really, really important. I mean, I've said before, I mean, it's -- the structure that we have being vertical, really allows us to not only create amazing experience but also gives us the margin structure to work with the best fabrics and the best textures.  And what you're going to see in the second half some incredible prints. So I think you're right. There are opportunities around the world to evolve the model. Harrods is one of them. What we're doing in China with Tmall is -- Tmall is growing incredibly fast in China, and it's putting a lot of eyeballs on the brand. So we've got opportunity strategically to work with partners. And I certainly wouldn't say that it's going to a wholesale model. I mean, we're very happy with the structure that we have and the extent [ph] that it allows us to create for our guests. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just curious. Where is the tops business right now relative to where you want it to be? And assuming that we're not all the way there, at what point can we expect to see the majority of that improvement complete? And then, second, I just want to clarify something. Stuart, I thought on the last call, you had mentioned that May maybe started off a bit slow. So I just wanted to clarify if, in fact, the monthly performance was actually consistent across the quarter or if May was the weaker month and you finished stronger. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. I'll ask that -- I'll answer that question on the comp first. So the -- we did see the quarter start out slow from a traffic standpoint. We did not really see a meaningful improvement in the traffic trend throughout the quarter. So that remained a headwind for us for the second quarter. As I mentioned, there are other KPIs, specifically AUR and UPTs that were able to have help offset that. As we drill closer into AUR, it's a combination of favorable mix as well as price. So that trend has largely extended into the first few weeks of Q3 in terms of those store KPIs. And then on tops? 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as the tops business, I mean, I think you're going to see improvement. I mean, I think you're seeing a lot more looser silhouette. I spoke to the tank, the shirtless tank that are performing really well. We've got double-digit comp there. I think we still have some work to do on the jackets, but we've got a great fleece program coming in the fall both for men's and women's. So I don't -- I mean, your question was how far are we along. I think you're going to continue to see there's a lot of fabric innovation. There's a lot of silhouette innovation. So I mean, it's -- I don't think it's ever a finished project. It's a little bit like the pant wall. We're going to continue to innovate, and you're seeing a lot of it on the floor coming in the second half. But there is -- I mean, when I think about the new fabrics and the silhouettes and the textures and the print coming in spring of '17, I mean, I'm -- I think we've got a lot of room to continue to grow. I mean, if you think about the ratio to pants, I mean, we're starting to grow that ratio again. And fully reaching the ratio of tops to pants, I mean, really creates a lot of room for growth. 
Paul Lejuez: And Laurent, can you just remind us what that ratio is? 
Laurent Potdevin: Right now, it's about 1.2 or 1.3. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, then we could easily see that expanding to over 1.5. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, yes. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Wolfe Research. 
Cody Ross: It's actually Cody Ross on for Adrienne this afternoon. Just a quick question. There recently was a large bankruptcy of a shipper. Do you guys think that this will have a big impact in your business in the rest of the year? And has your guidance contemplated this at all? 
Stuart Haselden: Cody, it's Stuart. So we don't have any concerns about our supply chain or our suppliers or the shipping partners that we use. So we have close relationships with blue chip partners and really no concerns at all there and have seen no disruptions in our shipping partners or supply chain broadly. And our guidance reflects our confidence in our supply chain structure. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Schmidt of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jessica Schmidt: I guess, can you just elaborate a little bit on what the response has been from some of the new products that started coming out under -- I think it started coming out over the past few weeks and how that's sort of resonating with the customers so far? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, it's been -- I mean, I think you see that actually in -- we talked about the traffic headwinds and when you see the UPT and the AUR and the level of conversion, I mean, I think that really speaks for the product. I mean, in August, actually, I think we ended up being really lean with some of our summer products. And I actually think it's a great position to be in. I mean, it speaks for how quickly the products flew off the shelf. And we probably left some business on the table in some of these new products that flow through the store and through online, so really, really pleased with not only the assortment, but how the assortment merchandises together. So I mentioned that on our last call, but we used to have really sort of different vision and design and print and colors for studio and cardio, and all of that now being an overarching vision that actually extends to the men's category, really allows our guests to put outfits together more easily and in a more powerful way. So very pleased with what we're seeing so far. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Laurent, it was really interesting what you said about locals. I really would like to talk a little bit more about that. Can you give us any more information? Where would it be appropriate to open these small stores? Are we talking places like Aspen, Colorado? Or are we talking about some -- an opportunity to really reach out and get meaningful distribution physically with this format? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, if you think about -- I mean, I think Aspen is a great example. You can think about mountain resorts. You can think about fish [ph] communities. You can think about influencing communities, where we don't have the need for a full store. And when you think about our international expansion and what we're doing globally, I mean, we have a "Local in Tokyo." So in Harajuku, we've got a 900 square foot location that's absolutely gorgeous and that's getting a lot of traffic. And it's really -- and I can see them -- I could see having a lot of locals in Tokyo where you have one that's dedicated to men, one that's  dedicated to run. So I think it's influencing communities. It's resorts [ph], it's smaller market. But especially with everything we're building from a digital standpoint, I mean, we can really support -- having the ability of the product assortment in a more nimble and -- in a more nimble way and with a lighter footprint. 
Matthew McClintock: And Stuart, if I could just real fast. Could you remind us how many remodels that you've done overall for the fleet in the last year and how many we should expect on a normal basis? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. I think we did 10 last year and we have 12 planned for 2016. And similar, I would say, similar amount that I would expect going forward annually. 
Operator: The next question will come from Betty Chen of Mizuho Securities. 
Betty Chen: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the traction you're seeing in Asia, especially in China? Are you seeing that customer purchase pattern any differently in terms of the mix or price points, or top to bottom? And then also, any change in terms of how quickly we could see those store rollout  plan? I know you mentioned what we should expect in the back half, but how about 2017 or beyond? 
Laurent Potdevin: Really, when you think about Asia, I mean, actually when we look at the product mix, I mean, we don't really see any significant difference in the assortment between the rest of the world and Asia, which is -- I mean, we really talk about building a globally inspired line which resonates with guests around the world. No significant deviation from what you're seeing in the rest of the world. I mean, what I'll say that on the Tmall, we see a very, very strong accessory business, and it's people that are [ph] engaging with the brand for the first time. And so we're pleased with that. As far as stores, I mean, the showrooms have been performing really, really well in China. Actually, when you think about Beijing and Shanghai, and so that's where we've being most focused. And the ambassador strategy is really working well. I mean, we had this amazing event a couple of days ago in the Forbidden City. We had 3,000 people doing yoga, and the event was done in partnership with Alibaba and sold overnight. So I mean, I really think that we've got momentum. We are focused on the right cities. And as far as the assortment, I mean, it's resonating. It's the same assortment that's resonating with the guests that we've seen in the rest of the world. 
Betty Chen: How about, Stuart, in terms of the 4-wall or ROI, how should we think about those stores performing? They are smaller, but is the rent typically a little bit higher? But with the higher productivity, is the 4-wall similar to North America? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we're pleased with the 4-wall economics. It is more expensive to do business in Asia and much of the world, and that translates into higher labor cost and higher rents. But we're still pleased at the 4-wall profits that we're seeing. It's probably 300 to 500 basis points lower than the North American -- the average for North America. But still, we're very happy with the level of profitably we're seeing. 
Laurent Potdevin: One thing that we see with consumer behavior, and you know that, is that they're obviously a lot more engaged from a mobile standpoint. So all the work that we're doing from a digital standpoint will allow us to sort of get to the new guests a lot faster and more efficiently and profitably. 
Chris Tham: Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Goodbye. 
Stuart Haselden: Goodbye. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-06-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to lululemon athletica First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, SVP, Finance. Please go ahead. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; and Stuart Haselden, CFO; along with Celeste Burgoyne, our SVP of the Americas, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started today, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share with you today the results of a successful first quarter. I will start by offering a few highlights of the quarter, and I will then provide insights on our continued progress towards our 5-year plan, including each of the 4 growth strategies that were outlined on our last call. Stuart will then provide details on financials and our updated outlook for the balance of the year. 
 We experienced continued momentum in Q1 that was the result of comp sales increases and gross margin improvements that exceeded our projections. Most relevant, we saw inventory levels get in line with our sales trend while exceeding gross margin expectations. We delivered Q1 revenues of $496 million, gross margin over 48% and adjusted EPS up $0.30, which included $0.06 of net FX pressure, primarily due to significant FX revaluation losses that we incurred as a result of the strengthening Canadian dollar in Q1, which Stuart will expand upon. 
 While we are pleased to see the gross margin recovery in Q1 exceed what we had planned for, the continued recovery we are experiencing into the early weeks of Q2 is a validation of our team's work across our entire supply chain from design to in-store delivery. Our foundational work over the last year is paying off, and the earnings recovery we have planned for 2016 is taking shape. Likewise, with inventories now back in line, we have removed this strain on the business and are positioned to bring our innovation platform and our design vision to life powerfully, both in stores and online.
 While store traffic comp wasn't as strong in Q1 as in Q4, we delivered a total revenue increase on a constant currency basis of 19%, driven by an 8% combined comp, the result of continued positive comps in our stores and e-commerce growth in the high teens. 
 Given the retail macro environment, driving traffic has been a focus and continues to be one. The aligned product launch is a great example of the inherent success in combining innovation, storytelling, education and visual merchandising across channels. This launch drove traffic while enhancing brand engagement and margin. You will see more holistic product launches in the months to come as we deliver new styles and innovative fabrics across categories and genders.
 Looking broadly across our business, we saw solid performance in key product categories as well as continued momentum across channels and geographies. We posted a 21% increase in our men's category, the sixth consecutive quarter of growth above 15%, and we posted another double-digit comp in women's bottoms as the success of our innovation continues to delight our guests around the world.
 By channel, our stores delivered another strong positive comp, marking 4 consecutive quarters of positive comps. In Canada, where we have the most brand awareness, our guest loyalty was a catalyst in delivering a particularly strong trend. As a result, we posted a higher store comp than our U.S. store, which clearly made our Canadian team incredibly proud. Globally, online sales increased 18% in Q1 on top of a 31% increase in the first quarter of last year, a penetration of nearly 20% of the total business. 
 These results put us on track to achieve our long-term vision. Operational excellence and building a sustainable high-performance culture have been a strategic focus for the past couple of years. I couldn't be more thrilled with the results we're seeing across all functions at lululemon. Specifically, and as it relates to supply chain, I am proud of the team's accomplishment in building a scalable foundation as we grow into a global, iconic brand. There is still work to do, and yet our accomplishments are reflected in the improved gross margin performance. 
 On our Q4 call, we outlined 4 key growth strategies for 2016 and the next 5 years that will deliver revenue growth that doubles our 2015 (sic) [ 2016 ] sales and earnings growth that will more than double during the same period.
 Q1 marks solid progress against these goals, which I will touch on specifically now. As a reminder, these 4 strategies were product innovation across current and new categories, reaching our full North American potential, building and leveraging a digital culture and building our global footprint through international expansion.
 First, and with product innovation. We see tremendous guest response when we lead with innovation and articulate a unique functional point of view. We deliver our best work by never compromising and solving problems for athletes and yogis while being focused on craftsmanship and design. Our ambassadors are our local heroes and a unique source of inspiration. These individuals reflect our culture, share our core values, test our product to their limits, provide us with invaluable feedback and inspire us to create the best product for athletes and yogis. 
 We recently hosted our annual Ambassador Summit in Whistler with 100 ambassadors from 9 countries around the world. Our collaboration with these athletes will continue to drive future innovations throughout 2016 and beyond. I recently had a chance to review the first prototypes of the winter 2016 season, and I'm really looking forward to our guests experiencing the powerful combination of function and fashion that Lee Holman, Tom Waller and the team are about to deliver. In July, we will cheer our athletes on their journey to Rio. On July 20, in Toronto, we will officially unveil the 2016 Canadian beach volleyball team equipment that all beach volleyball players representing Canada will wear while competing at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio. This summer will mark the first Olympic Games where lululemon has partnered with Canada's beach volleyball team to create one-of-a-kind equipment designed specifically for them. The custom gear was developed with real-time feedback from the athletes of the Canadian women's and men's beach volleyball team. Rigorous tests in on-court and in-house at lululemon's whitespace resulted in the ultimate designs that will allow the athletes to perform at their best, without distraction, while looking fantastic.
 As it relates to Q1, we saw improvement in the women's tops category, which comps positively and continues to gain momentum. A standout in the quarter was our Swiftly franchise. The performance of the Swiftly was bolstered by the introduction of True Black, a fabric and yarn innovation that achieves a unique depth of color. We also extended our bra assortment, giving our guests more option, both from a support and design standpoint.
 And last but not least, our Fast Turn team, which is set up to bring product to life on shorter lead times, continues to be an important part of our strategy. A perfect example of the agility Fast Turn affords us is the success we saw in our Making Moves collection. 
 In men's, we continue to see strong performance in our core franchises with new silhouettes in our seamless program and continued strength in our pants category driving strong comp. And with [indiscernible] across men's and women, we are focused on driving the men's sweat category and bringing new fabric innovation and styles to markets throughout our assortments. 
 This month, we're excited to introduce the ABC construction that was pioneered with the ABC pant into more men's style to keep our male guests distraction-free throughout the day.
 Turning next to our second growth driver, reaching our full North American potential. In Q1, we opened 2 new lululemon stores, along with 6 new ivivva locations. This supported our total square footage growth in Q1 of 18%, keeping pace towards our 12% annual goal. We also saw strong performance from recent key store optimization projects, including our Prudential Center store in Boston, our Northbrook Court store just outside Chicago and our Chinook expansion in Calgary.
 These optimizations represent an essential element of our realistic strategy to best meet guest demand. And as our e-commerce business accelerates, we continue to see potential to expand our physical presence through different formats in North America. And where we have opened new stores, we see a corresponding increase in e-commerce penetration, reflecting the importance of building guest-centric and channel-agnostic strategies. 
 As we have mentioned on previous calls, technology continues to be a very successful way for our educators to connect our guests to our entire inventory pool.
 Our third growth strategy is building our digital ecosystem to deliver enhanced experiences anytime, anywhere and however our guests want to engage with lululemon. If you haven't already, I encourage all of you to visit our new environment at lululemon.com, which launched last month. The site now allows us to share richer community and product content with deeper storytelling that connects product design to our ambassadors and our local community. The site also features a streamlined checkout process to provide a better purchase experience. And our shop app now provides a functionality to see store product availability; therefore, giving our guests the option to get instant gratification by picking a product at their local store. Being able to turn on this incredible functionality is the result of leveraging our RFID technology, which gives us inventory accuracy at the store level above 98%.
 In the second half of the year, we will fully roll out our CRM capabilities. We're moving quickly to test, implement and optimize our guest analytics engine and connect it with our digital marketing strategies. 
 Finally, our fourth growth driver, our international expansion. We continue to make progress as we build vibrant communities in key cities across Europe and Asia. We opened our first street-front location in Asia and first store in Singapore situated in an iconic and historic sub-house on Duxton Road. This multilevel store includes a community space perfectly designed to host community classes and events. We also opened our first Japanese showroom, which I visited a couple of weeks ago, located in Tokyo's Harajuku district and on the corner of Omotesando and Cat Street. At about 900 square feet, this showroom is already one of our strongest performing showrooms, validating our go-to-market strategy and the potential of the Japanese market.
 At the beginning of May, we opened our first store in Seoul, Korea. I had the opportunity to attend the store opening and was inspired by the energy of the community as well as our entire team from our educators to our ambassadors.
 And our IFC location in Hong Kong remains a highlight, producing about $5,000 in sales per square foot. 
 While our Tmall presence is growing very rapidly building brand awareness across China, our disciplined and thoughtful approach to market entry and brand awareness building remains a very powerful strategy to ensure we create authentic and long-lasting relationship with our communities as we continue to expand our global collective.
 In Europe, we are pleased with the progress we made in the quarter and have some exciting developments on the horizon. We will open our first store in Zürich, Switzerland in July after great success with our showroom there over the past year. In the summer, we will be opening our first shop-in-shop in one of the world's premier shopping destinations in London. This location will allow us to build brand awareness and give our educators the opportunity to build the collective in a different environment. 
 Other brand-building opportunities are underway in London that we look forward to sharing with you on subsequent calls.
 This is still just the beginning of our journey in Europe, and we are focused on winning in London. To support our growth strategies, our brand and community team continues to create brand resonance around the world. 
 Last week, we launched our Summer of Yoga tour in the U.S. We'll cover 7,500 miles of open road in 45 days, stopping at a dozen locations across the U.S. as well as select Wanderlust festivals. Each stop will include a yoga and meditation experience led by one of our ambassadors as well as a pop-up shop, featuring this year exclusive Wanderlust products.
 And here in Vancouver, we are gearing up for the event of the year, the fifth annual SeaWheeze Half Marathon, happening Saturday, August 13. SeaWheeze clearly isn't your average half marathon. Heralded by SELF magazine as one of the best running races to sign up for in 2016, it is 13.1 miles of breathtaking scenery, salty ocean air and over 10,000 runners. This year's race sold out in 30 minutes. So if you're not running, there is always a Sunset Festival, an evening of yoga, music, dancing, food and of course, beer. 
 When it comes to the people at lululemon, what has always been exceptional is only getting better. Our educator installment as a turnover is at its lowest level ever in the brand's history, which is a testament to the commitment and investment we make in our people's development. Our leadership team is the strongest lululemon has ever assembled. It is global, diverse and a combination of people with tenure, combined with new additions to the team. Together, they provide the organization with deep experience and knowledge in design and innovation, vertical retail, digital as well as a real focus on culture, talent and operational excellence. 
 Last but not least, we have welcomed 2 great new additions to our board this year, and both are bringing talent, insight and energy to our discussion. 
 Kathryn Henry joins us with over 20 years of strategic IT and retail experience and is a longtime friend of lululemon, having previously served as Chief Information Officer. And Jon McNeill joined us in April and is President of Global Sales, Delivery and Service for Tesla Motors. He's one of the most respected leaders in America today, whose success as an entrepreneur has earned him a reputation as both an innovator and operational leader. Today, we have the right people throughout lululemon to support the execution of our strategic 5-year plan and invent future beyond 2020. 
 In conclusion, Q1 was a solid quarter for us. Our performance was driven by our unique business model, encompassing product innovation, engaging guest experiences and a passion for the communities we live in. As we look to the rest of 2016 and beyond, I am inspired by the progress we're making, in particular, the return to earnings growth, driven by gross margin expansion that we see taking shape in Q2. I am proud of our teams who have been relentlessly building the capabilities and infrastructure that will drive and sustain our long-term growth and profitability. 
 Celeste Burgoyne, our SVP of the Americas, is joining us this morning and is available to answer your questions later during the Q&A session. 
 And with that, I will now turn the call over to Stuart, who will review our financial results for the first quarter and provide guidance on the full fiscal year. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our first quarter results. I'll then review our current outlook for the full year 2016 and also the second quarter.
 But starting with Q1. We saw a period of continued top line momentum within the context of a challenging retail environment. We delivered accelerated progress in recovering our gross margins and completed our work to rebalance our inventory levels in an orderly and disciplined manner. And when considering the impact of FX on our results in the quarter, we're pleased with the underlying recovery in earnings that Q1 represents, which we now see extending into Q2. 
 Looking more closely at the details of the first quarter, total net revenue rose 17% to $495.5 million, with the increase in revenue driven by several factors. First, a total constant dollar comparable sales growth of 8% comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 5% and e-commerce comp of 18%. Secondly, an increase in square footage of 18% versus last year, driven by the addition of 57 net new company-operated stores since Q1 of 2015. 26 net new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 1 in Australia, 5 in Europe, 4 in Asia and 20 ivivva stores. And finally, these factors were offset by the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $7.3 million or 1.5%.
 During the first quarter, we opened 10 net new company-operated stores, 2 in the U.S., 1 in Asia, 1 in Australia and 6 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 373 total stores versus 316 a year ago. There are now 290 stores in our comp base, 41 of those in Canada, 191 in the United States, 29 in Australia and New Zealand, 2 in Europe, 1 in Asia and 26 ivivva.
 At the end of Q1, we also had a total of 71 showrooms in operation. 25 lululemon showrooms in North America, 20 internationally, along with 26 ivivva showrooms. Revenues from company-operated stores totaled $358.7 million or 72.4% of total revenue compared to $314.1 million in the first quarter of 2015 or 74.2% of total revenue. Revenues from our digital channel totaled $97.6 million or 19.7% of total revenue compared to 19.7% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year.
 Other revenue, which includes outlets, showrooms, strategic sales, pop-up stores and warehouse sales, totaled $39.2 million versus $25.8 million in the first quarter of last year. This increase in other revenue relates primarily to the addition of 7 outlet stores since Q1 2015 in order to ensure appropriate liquidation capacity for our growing full-price business. It's also worth noting that our outlet store volumes are not included in the store comp calculation. 
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $239.1 million or 48.3% of net revenue compared to $205.9 million or 48.6% of net revenue in Q1 2015. 
 We're pleased with this progress against our gross margin goals. The factors that contributed to this outcome were 40 basis points of overall product margin improvement, primarily driven by lower FOB costs, reductions in raw material liability expenses and lower airfreight, offset with higher markdowns compared to Q1 2015 as part of our final steps to complete the rebalancing of our inventories.
 Offsetting this improvement in product margin was 50 basis points of decline due to the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. And lastly, 20 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation. 
 SG&A expenses were $181.5 million or 36.6% of net revenue compared with $137.8 million or 32.5% of net revenue for the same period last year. SG&A in the quarter was burdened by the impact of the significant strengthening in the Canadian dollar. This impact was higher than our expectations when we gave guidance due primarily to additional FX revaluation losses that we incurred in the second half of the quarter. Keep in mind that the Canadian dollar appreciated from $0.75 versus the U.S. dollar at the time of our last earnings call to just under $0.80 by the end of Q1. The resulting revaluation of the U.S. dollar balances accumulated in our Canadian entity significantly increased the FX losses reported in SG&A. Specifically, we incurred $13.5 million in revaluation losses in the quarter, which are reflected in total SG&A. This represented a $9.1 million increase over Q1 last year.
 Setting that aside, the remainder of the SG&A deleverage was due to consulting costs tied to our gross margin and supply chain initiatives, which are winding down now in Q2 as well as increased digital marketing efforts to drive traffic to our stores and then website and higher corporate support center overhead, which included $1 million of severance incurred in the quarter. As a result, operating income for the quarter was $57.6 million or 11.6% of net revenue compared with $68 million or 16.1% of net revenue in Q1 2015.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $11.8 million or 20.6% of pretax earnings compared to 30.3% a year ago. The decrease in the tax rate is primarily due to a $5.6 million tax recovery, which we recognized in Q1 2016. This is connected to the company's transfer pricing arrangements and estimated taxes related to the associated plan to repatriate foreign earnings. 
 Net income for the quarter was $45.3 million or $0.33 per diluted share compared to net income of $47.8 million or $0.34 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2015. Excluding the tax and related interest adjustments, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.30. Importantly, the negative net impact to earnings from foreign currency this quarter was $0.06 per share versus the prior year, reflecting the significant strengthening in the Canadian dollar in the quarter. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 137.5 million versus 142.3 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 240,000 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $65.01 per share. By the end of the quarter, we had completed a total of $437.2 million in total share repurchases, with the remainder of our $450 million total authorization now having been completed in early Q2.
 Capital expenditures were $26.6 million for the quarter compared to $27.9 million in the first quarter of last year.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $550 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $286.2 million or 21% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2015, reflecting a 3% decrease in inventory per square foot. This result reflects the substantial work begun a year ago in response to the supply chain disruptions we experienced in the first half of last year. 
 We are pleased with how our teams across the company, from sourcing and logistics to stores and digital, were able to unwind this excess inventory position, while maintaining the integrity of our pricing and minimizing the impact on margins. We were also pleased to see that our preliminary inventory position at the end of May indicated an increase in the high single-digit range versus last year. We now expect our inventory growth at the end of Q2 and for the balance of the year to sit beneath our forward sales trend.
 Turning now to the details of our Q2 and fiscal year 2016 updated outlook. We expect revenues in Q2 to be in the range of $505 million to $515 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2015 and assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.77 to the U.S. dollar. This also assumes 8 new store openings in the quarter. 
 Q2 marks a key growth margin inflection point for the company, as we have discussed for some time now. Our supply chain initiatives have made significant progress, and our margin goals remain on track. So for the second quarter, we now anticipate gross margin to increase approximately 120 basis points, over Q2 of last year. Consistent with what we have previously outlined, the increase is attributable to the following: higher product margins through improvements in key areas, including reductions in FOB costs, lower airfreight and reductions in raw materials liability costs through better controls and process changes. These will be offset by modest occupancy and depreciation deleverage. And based on the prevailing rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a nominal impact to gross margin in Q2.
 We expect SG&A in the second quarter to delever significantly from Q2 2015, with roughly 1/3 of the impact attributable to lapping FX gains incurred in Q2 last year and the balance associated with the cost of completing the supply chain and gross margin initiatives, incremental digital marketing, technology projects and also brand and community investments. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 137.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 per share versus $0.34 a year ago. For the full year 2016, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.305 billion to $2.345 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis. We expect to open up to 40 company-operated stores, slightly lower than our prior estimates, due to timing shifts in selected openings. This includes 11 new stores internationally and 12 ivivva stores and represents a square footage increase of approximately 12%. We expect gross margin for the year to increase from 2015 beginning with a positive inflection, starting in Q2 that we just outlined and continuing as we head into the back half of the fiscal year, as we deliver the benefits from the cost improvements, duty and logistics opportunities and more disciplined supply chain processes that we have been working on now for several quarters. We expect deleverage in the full year SG&A versus 2015, driven by strategic investments in our supply chain, digital capabilities, CRM infrastructure, guest experience, brand and IT systems. We expect the greatest deleverage in the first half of the year, driven notably by the FX losses we incurred in Q1, with some modest level of deleverage now expected in the third and fourth quarters. We expect our fiscal year 2016 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.08 to $2.18 or $2.05 to $2.15 normalized for the tax and related interest adjustments in Q1. This is based off of 137.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and also assumes an effective tax rate, 28.9% or 30.2% on a normalized basis. We expect capital expenditures to range between $160 million and $165 million for the fiscal year 2016, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments. This is higher than our guidance when we last spoke with you in March, due to the purchase of a land parcel in Vancouver for general corporate purposes.
 In closing, Q1 marks several key milestones for us: sustained top line momentum fueled by product innovation; margin recovery ahead of expectations that validates our supply chain efforts; and the rebalancing of our inventories to position us for disciplined growth this year and beyond. We're excited for the trends we're now seeing emerging in Q2, which keep us on track to deliver the margin recovery and earnings inflection we've been working towards now for some time. Much work remains in front of us, but we are encouraged by our success in Q1 and progress so far in Q2.
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy filling in for Paul. I have 2 questions. First, on gross margins. So you beat your guidance for the last 2 quarters in a row. And I'm wondering if we should be thinking a little more optimistically about your gross margin goals for 2016 and 2017 relative to what you previously talked about. And then secondly, on SG&A, what changed in your guidance that you're now expecting deleverage in the second half? Maybe that's related to FX, I'm not sure. 
Stuart Haselden: Tracy, it's Stuart. Yes. So on the gross margin for the year or just the gross margin in general, I think we were happy with the results that we saw in Q1. Certainly, saw upside in things that we mentioned on the call, the FOB costs, the fabric liability and airfreight, all better than expected. And those were offset by the markdowns that we mentioned. We see that continuing into Q2. And we're pleased with the progress again, that we're making against our plans. At this point, we feel like the guidance that we've given properly reflects the order of magnitude of that recovery. Certainly, there's always potential to do better, but we feel like the guidance where we have positioned it is appropriate, given the risks and opportunities that we see in the supply chain and our margin plans. The other elements of gross margin, occupancy and depreciation. Occupancy and depreciation will remain a headwind, as we mentioned. Certainly, those costs are more fixed. And to the extent we exceed our revenue expectations, we'll deliver more leverage on those fixed cost elements of the gross margin. And certainly, the FX is a wild card at this point. For Q2, as we mentioned, we see it as a relatively nominal effect as we look year-over-year versus last year. But that can change as we saw in the first quarter as well. And then on your second question, with regard to SG&A deleverage in the second half, I think the -- it's really a function of just as we refine our outlook for the second half of the year, we are seeing some modest level of deleverage. And I would say that translates to less than 100 basis points in the second half. And it's really just a function of where we see the current estimates on the FX impact, the translation and revaluation as well as just the investments that we continue to make in our business. So we feel like that connects to a healthy operating margin recovery in the second half of the year. We expect to see earnings up in the second half, double digits. We expect to see a healthy recovery in our operating margins as well, as we're able to flow through the improvements in our gross margin, to a greater degree, in the second half of the year. So I hope that answered your question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen. 
Oliver Chen: Stuart, the rebalancing of inventory is really impressive. So for second quarter, what should we assume in terms of maybe second quarter and back half in terms of markdowns relative to last year, given that it looked -- it sounds like the inventories are in really super shape. And Laurent, on that topic of women's tops, where are you in that within that innovation? What needs to happen next in terms of what we should look for, whether it be pricing or styling? And are there any changes ahead as you think through the back half in terms of how you're evolving the pant wall, whether it be products or visual merchandising? Because I know there is a lot of innovation focus in that area as a store as well. 
Stuart Haselden: Great. Thanks, Oliver. I'll address your first question. So we're very pleased with the inventory position that we're in and the work that the teams have completed, as I mentioned. We expect to see markdowns moderate into Q2 and the balance of the year, and that's reflected in the margin guidance that we've given. And we noted on the call, in the prepared remarks, that as of the end of May, our preliminary inventory results indicate that inventories are up in the high single-digit range in the end of May. And that just reflects the further moderation in that year-over-year inventory growth. And as we mentioned, we expect inventories to be up to a lesser degree versus our revenue increases. So I think, as you look at it on a 2-year basis, the inventory position is still -- it's still full. We have plenty of inventory to drive our revenue projections. We're pleased to see the year-over-year trend come back in line, or actually will be -- sit beneath our forward sales trends. So inventories are healthy. They're clean. They position us in a manner that enables the optimization of our assortments. We're not dealing with the prior inventory overhang and it should translate into a better experience for our guests as well. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, from a tops standpoint -- I mean, we're actually really pleased. I mean, I would say that we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be. And if you've been in our stores, you've seen the assortment shifting in the right direction. I mean, some of that is really the result of the power of our Fast Turn group, which really works on shorter lead times. And you can see different silhouettes. I mean, the Making Move collection with the pleated tags is a great example of bringing something to market really quickly. The Swiftly franchise has done really well. But I would say, I would attribute the current success mostly to the new silhouette, the looser silhouette, the one that you can layer. And that combined with the success of our bras, the Make A Move Bra, the Rack Pack Bra, the Get Down Bra, has really put us in a strong position. So I just looked at the spring '17 product and last week at the winter '16 product, and I'm absolutely thrilled with the progress that we're making. It's very much -- you'll see function and fashion coming together in a way that you haven't seen in quite some time, if not ever. And it's really the result of the product reorg that we've done and a number of talent that we added to the team from a design standpoint. So that combined with the progress that we've made in supply chain and being able to throw the product to bring the design intent to life the way we want to, it feels really powerful and it's actually showing up on the floor right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I think this is the first quarter in a while where your e-com hasn't kind of grown as a percent of sales. And I know it's chasing a moving target. But just curious as to what you think is going on in that channel, if you expect it to outpace the bricks-and-mortar for the full year. Any thoughts on that would be helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: Sharon, it's Stuart. So yes, the e-com growth, still double digits, high teens. We're not going to feel bad about that. It is a little lower than what we've seen last year. We feel like the penetration has the potential to grow well above 20%, easily could reach 25% to 30%. I think we talked about that in our 5-year goals. I would expect, as the digital team is able to ramp up the full impact of our new website, as we're able to bring online, particularly in the second half of the year, the full capabilities of our CRM efforts, we're going to see healthy trends in that e-com sales trend and would expect penetrations to increase over time. And so we're not seeing any red flags per se in the Q1 results. 
Laurent Potdevin: And remember that we are really focused on building guest-centric and channel-agnostic strategies. So the launch of the new website is actually a great example and a great foundation for what's to come. And we had -- with every website launch, we have anticipated a slight degradation in business as guests get used to the new user experience. And actually what we've seen is better conversion, especially on mobile and a very rapid adoption to the website. So we feel very good that as we launch the full analytics capabilities of our CRM and we tie that to our digital marketing strategy, we've got -- we're actually going to leapfrog from where we've been. So I'm very excited for what's to come there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On SG&A, can you just talk about investments that are embedded this year versus 2017? I guess the question being, does deleverage stabilize or potentially even turn to leverage next year as mid-single-digit comps were to persist? And then just secondly on international. Just the best way to think about the time line for international profitability. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. It's Stuart. On the SG&A question, yes. I think we're going to get past the major supply chain investments really in Q2. And as we get into the second half of the year, we'll begin to lap those investments in the prior year period. So it will be -- it will create some tailwind from an SG&A standpoint. That's embedded in the guidance that we've given. I think that then we have that in a more pronounced way as we get into '17 and beyond, as the -- we don't have these lumpy supply chain project pressure in the SG&A. So that element of it will certainly moderate even in the second half of the year and certainly into '17. We're always going to have things we're investing in. We're going to -- we're not in a place where we're squeezing SG&A to drive earnings. This is still a growth story. It's about revenue growth. It's about margin expansion. Those are the underpinnings of how we will recover a stronger earnings trajectory. We're going to invest in SG&A where it makes sense. But that said, we expect it will moderate even into the second half. 
Laurent Potdevin: And from an international standpoint, I mean, we continue to be really pleased with the strategy of entering key cities in key markets. So when you look at our performance in Asia, I mean, we've got all of our stores over $1,500 or $1,600 a square foot, with IFC in Hong Kong topping the list at $5,700 a square foot. So very happy with that. The Tmall penetration that we're seeing there is really putting a lot more eyeballs on the brand where we don't have a physical presence. Europe, in Europe, we're very focused on London. The retail environment in London has been a little tricky lately until they go through the election at the end of June. And what we've seen is in the market where we've got a great community, we're doing really well, including King's Road, Covent Garden and Marylebone. And in a couple of cities where we're probably gotten a little bit ahead of the vibrancy of the community, we're not seeing the same result, and that would be Danburg [ph] and Richmond. So it's actually a great sort of validation that focusing on the key markets and going where we have the community pays off. And I would actually love to add that in our remarks we have hinted at the fact that we're going to find a couple of different ways of going to market in London that will definitely drive brand awareness in a really powerful way, and we're very excited to share that with you probably in the next couple of weeks. 
Matthew Boss: And if I could just sneak one more in. Given some of the larger picture shopping mall trends, what kind of traffic and comp trends have you seen so far in 2Q just versus the first quarter and the mid-single-digit guidance? 
Stuart Haselden: So Matt, I'll give you a little color. I might invite Celeste to comment as well. The traffic was softer in the first quarter versus what we saw in Q4. And it was softer late in the quarter as well, and that persisted into the first couple of weeks of May in Q2. We have seen the traffic trends improve in the last couple of weeks. So there's been a mixed trend in the -- in terms of traffic in the first part of Q2. AUR and conversion have offset that to help us deliver the comps that we reported in Q2 -- Q1, we guided to in Q2. But may -- I'll ask Celeste to add some color. 
Celeste Burgoyne: Yes, Stuart. I think you hit it. I mean, basically we did see Q1 traffic not being as strong as we saw in Q4. However, when we look at the highly negative macro trend, we feel really good that we were favorable to that. AUR and conversion gives us really good indication that our new product drops are resonating with our guests as well as our continued focus on a great guest experience, both online and in stores, is continuing to pay off. So as we look into Q2, we continue to see the momentum in AUR and conversion maintained. So it definitely -- it gives us confidence as we shift into Q2. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer. 
Anna Andreeva: I was curious if you could talk about the monthly comp progression in 1Q. Should we think April was the weakest month of the quarter, given the traffic comments that you made? And sorry if we missed this. What were comps by division in 1Q, Canada versus U.S. and Australia? And secondly, I guess to Laurent, just holistically, thinking through the pricing architecture for LULU, I think we are starting to see some of the opening price points in tops specifically. Is that an opportunity to extend the customer reach for the brand? And any tweaks you guys need to make to pricing architecture in bottoms, especially? 
Stuart Haselden: Anna, so that was a mouthful. So on the comp question and traffic, the -- we're not going to break out the comps by month. I think, as Celeste said, we saw -- we are very encouraged by the strength in AUR and conversion. Traffic, as I mentioned, was weaker in the second half of Q1, and that persisted into the early weeks of May before becoming stronger in the last few weeks. So that's embedded, again, in the results that we reported in Q1 and then in the guidance. By region, I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we saw strength in Canada, in particular. And Canada actually posted a store comp that was slightly higher than the U.S., which, again, we look at that as a strong indicator of the -- just the strength of the brand and how -- in our most mature market, we're driving some of our strongest results. And again, it speaks to our assortments and our in-store execution. So -- and then on the -- on your question regarding pricing... 
Laurent Potdevin: Think about pricing, Anna, on the bottom side. I mean, we're very happy with the pricing architecture. I mean, as I was mentioning in looking at winter '16, spring '17, we're delivering a lot of innovation. And so we price with the value that we deliver to the guests. I mean, we are very confident that we've got, with the pricing architecture, both across categories within the global standpoint as well. And with tops, I mean, we're like where we need to be. I mean, we see a lot of success, and we see the opportunity to actually bring innovation and continue to be sort of really honing the [indiscernible] of the market the way we always have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Stuart, I just wanted to ask -- I think you said $0.06 in the quarter due to FX hits. Can you just remind us how many pennies of FX headwind you had planned for in the quarter? And then, Laurent, as we look into the back half of the year and reflect on the very successful pant launch that you guys had in the third quarter last year, can you talk about your product strategies and how you're thinking about driving your business to the next level as we proceed through the year? 
Stuart Haselden: Kimberly, it's Stuart. So the EPS impact from FX certainly exceeded our expectations. We did expect deleverage in the quarter. You might recall that we had mentioned that in our guidance back in March. And we had, at that point, even seeing the Canadian dollar strengthen significantly from around $0.70 at the end of Q4 to $0.75 at the time of the call. Safe to say that the actual result exceeded our expectations in terms of the level of pressure that we saw from FX. Canadian dollar, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, strengthened $0.05 from $0.75 to $0.80 in the last 4 weeks of Q1. We did not expect that. And so I think we had an estimate of around $0.03 in the prior outlook that we had. So where it landed was almost double our expectations. And so the -- it's something that is really part of the exposure that we have from our -- the cash balances that we accumulate in Canada in U.S. dollars. It's not really the translation of the Canadian P&L per se. And I would add that we've taken steps already to -- from an operational standpoint to reduce our exposures in those cash balances. And at this point, our exposure is less than half of what it was in Q1. So we feel like we're going to be able to mitigate this exposure to some degree as we go forward. But certainly, it's something we will continue to be focused on. 
Laurent Potdevin: And on your product question, Kimberly, I think that the pant launch was successful and was really the very beginning of what we're about to do. I mean, when you see summer land, you'll see a completely different assortment. I mean, that being sort of collapsed the studio and the car deal [ph], pods and making them one group -- I mean, you're going to see a hard wall, you're going to see the ability to put outfits together across the entire assortment. It's going to be a lot more powerful. You're going to see a lot more newness in fabrics, textures and print, but also a very elevated attention to details to trim, construction, raw materials in a way that probably hasn't come to life in the past couple of years. So obviously -- and we'll continue to focus on run where we see a tremendous opportunity both for men's and women's. And you'll see most of the focus if not all of the focus on the sweat category, which we really own and want to continue to lead. So as it is summer -- I mean, you'll see an environment that is elevated, that speaks to function and that looks fantastic. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. We'll talk again next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-03-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Fourth Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, SVP of Finance. You may begin. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, CFO; and Lee Holman, EVP, Creative Director, who will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we have assessed but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K will be available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions]
 And now I will turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure today to share the results of a very solid fourth quarter. I will speak to some highlights of 2015 as well as our priorities into 2016 and beyond. Stuart will then walk you through our financial and guidance in more detail. 
 2015 was a transformative year for lululemon, one where we successfully reached key milestones that are positioning us for continued growth and improved profitability over the next 5 years. The strength that lululemon demonstrated in the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations as a result of continued top line momentum, focus on growth margin and inventory levels. While we have room to improve, we are well positioned to deliver solid earnings growth in 2016. 
 From a top line perspective, the fourth quarter delivered 22% constant currency revenue growth, including exceptional full-price sell-through during the key holiday weeks. We delivered an 11% global combined comp, the result of accelerating performance across our channels and regions. Our e-commerce revenues continued to outpace our overall growth, posting a 33% increase in the quarter. While inventory levels are still elevated, they are significantly lower than our prior estimates. This reduction happened while delivering growth margins above the high end of our guidance. 
 In looking more closely at the results in the quarter, we see exciting momentum by category, channel and geography. Our women's category continued its strong performance in Q4, with bottoms delivering double-digit comps, reflecting the continued strength of our product assortment. The successful launch of Engineered Sensation with new technical fabrics and innovative construction techniques drove the business, led by the new Align Pant, designed to minimize distraction and maximize comfort. We also saw a sequential improvement in women's tops, where comps turned positive in the quarter, led by the success of our seamless program. And I'm actually excited to see what will come next with the Align Pant, as we launch the new Align Crop in the next couple of weeks. 
 Our men's category continued to outpace our overall growth with another strong comp of 24%, driven by our sweat category. It's been exciting to see the acceleration in men's, as we build on the continued success of franchise items such as our Metal Vent tees, our short program and our ABC pants. With a total penetration to sales of just 16% and a renewed focus on creative direction, we're only getting started in the men's category. 
 Our North American stores posted accelerating comps versus the highest prior year comparison, supported by strong full-price sell-through in the peak holiday sales period. The quality of sales speaks to our unrivaled product performance and to our educators who deliver exceptional experiences that are unique in the retail landscape today. 
 Canada showed a strong trend in Q4 that continued into the first quarter. We are so proud of our Canadian business and the performance in our home market. It speaks to the loyalty of our guests and the strength and scalability of our brand globally. 
 Within our North American footprint, we increased our square footage by 15% in 2015 through new stores, store optimization and expansion. We opened our new West Edmonton Mall, which is now double its original size and is the most productive store in the world. We opened our Flatiron store in New York, introducing HUB seventeen, our community space. We've now also brought our lab concept to the United States with our first location, which opened yesterday on Bond Street in New York. lululemon lab is our hub of creativity for functional and experimental design that tapes into the culture, trends and technology of the people and places it celebrates. 
 We are excited about what our teams can do in this new location, and we'll continue to look for the right opportunities to grow our footprint strategically in key markets. 
 As I turn to our digital culture, we are building an ecosystem that will create unique experiences for our guests. As I mentioned earlier, our e-commerce revenue in Q4 grew over 30% to just over 20% of total sales in the quarter. This will only continue to increase as we expand our digital business model, with the introduction of innovative digital experiences, leveraging CRM capabilities and the expansion of more sophisticated digital marketing strategies. I am thrilled to see what Miguel and his team are doing as we continue to build out channel-agnostic strategies for our guests to engage with lululemon whenever, however and wherever they want to. 
 Internationally, we continued to make important progress in Q4 towards our expansion goals. In Europe, we remained focused on winning in London, where we opened another great location in Q4 at Westfield mall. And we are finalizing exciting new locations in capital cities around the world, including Seoul and Tokyo. 
 Our success is based on the discipline and commitment to go to market when our communities are vibrant and pulling us in. It is a nimble, powerful and unique strategy that further solidifies our footprint as we expand our global presence. 
 2015 was a pivotal year in which comps accelerated, margins stabilized and critical infrastructure was established. Last month, we completed our management team with the arrival of Gina Warren, our Executive Vice President of Talent and Culture, to lead, nurture and evolve our most important asset, our people. lululemon now has a full management team in place, a diverse group of global citizens, incredibly talented and deeply ingrained in our culture. This team is more aligned than ever with our goal of building a highly profitable global brand. 
 Our deliberate focus on being design-led is fueling our growth, and our focus on operational excellence is driving our earnings expansion. 
 In addition to the highlights I've already mentioned, we also saw important progress in building key capabilities to support how we will scale the business in the coming years. First, we made traditional investments in our product design and innovation capabilities, reorganizing our Whitespace team as well as our design and merchandising team. We established the brand's first-ever Creative Director role and appointed Lee Holman to drive our design-led approach. This drive to unify men's and women's is creating greater alignment and a strengthened brand vision. As a result, the role of Senior Vice President, men's, held by Felix del Toro, has been eliminated. I want to personally thank Felix for his important contribution over the past couple of years. 
 Second, our supply chain was and continues to be a major focus for us this year. We've made important steps towards building a reliable and scalable supply chain to bring to life our design vision. And I'm delighted to announce the hiring of Ted Teknisi [ph], who has joined us in the role of Chief Supply Chain Officer. Ted is an industry veteran who will bring his leadership and experience to the tremendous amount of progress that was made these past couple of years. 
 Looking forward to 2016 and the next 5 years, we're excited and ready to leverage the capabilities we built in 2015, as we resume earnings expansion and scale our business as an originator of brand. By 2020, our plan is to double our revenue and more than double our earnings. We will achieve this through 4 distinct growth strategies: first, product innovation. It is central to how we continue to create transformational experiences for our guests to live and breathe the sweat life. Our products are rooted in function, and our designers mandate it to be proud of every single product they create. 
 Specifically, we will focus on 2 areas: building our women's sweat category to include expanding and improving our tops business with the same focus we've had on bottoms. Our product assortments in the second half of 2016 will capture that substantial opportunity and growth potential. The other major product opportunity is the continued expansion of our men's category. With a focused creative [ph] vision, we will see continued disruptive innovation in product. Our focus will be on training, run and yoga as we elevate and diversified our stable offering and build out our seamless program. 
 The second growth driver is the continued store buildout in North America. Square footage growth in the U.S. will continue to be a key component of our strategy to fully develop current communities, and we are continuing to open new stores where we have underserved markets. 
 And the third growth driver is the ramp-up of our digital culture, as we scale our uniquely lululemon guest experiences in ways that are channel-agnostic and global. Our vision is to design and nurture a digital ecosystem that amplifies human experiences, relationships and connections. Digital is a critical platform for us to tap into the power of our collective [ph], both online and offline, allowing us to continue engaging with our guests in an authentic and personalized way. As our guests increasingly engage with us online, this channel will continue to grow rapidly and likely will account for more than 1/4 of our business by 2020. 
 We are laying the foundation for our long-term digital capabilities by building out our core functions in areas such as analytics, digital product management and digital marketing; enhancing our guest experience with a mobile-first mindset to connect digital and physical experiences; strengthening our e-commerce operations and igniting digital marketing based on a powerful new CRM platform. This insight will give us the ability to interact with our guests in ways we haven't been able to before and will drive traffic and conversion across all of our channels. 
 And lastly, the fourth growth driver as we look forward to 2020 is our international expansion. We are continuing to focus our expansion in key capital markets to build brand awareness. This will support future and broader store expansion in those types of geographies. We expect to open 11 stores in 2016 and further accelerate in 2017 and beyond. Combined with our e-commerce business, we expect international to account for 20% to 25% of the business by 2020. 
 In pursuing these growth drivers, we will remain true to the pillars of our brand operating model that you've heard described us now for over a year: our product, our guest experience and our brand and community. Under the leadership of Lee Holman, the product organization will deliver product growth by applying our unique perspective and insights into solving problems for athletes, designing with the lens of functional innovation and impeccable craftsmanship. 
 Guest experience has and always will be a differentiator at lululemon. Within our physical location, we see further opportunities in expanding and enhancing our experiences as we evolve our footprint and as we build our digital culture. We expect our store portfolio to be a combination of our standard 3,000 square-foot store, larger format in key high-volume locations and smaller format stores that are relevant for smaller markets of destination resource location. 
 And finally, brand and community is a diverse ecosystem of activity that fosters storytelling and nurtures relationship with our guests in stores, on our digital platform and through experiences in our local communities. Our unique grassroot model continues to be incredibly powerful and relevant. When combined with our investment in public relations and a digital platform, it is getting amplified on a global scale. 
 So as we look to the start of 2016, our outlook for the year is healthy with a return to solid earnings growth. This is a culmination of the foundation and infrastructure we've put in place over the past couple of years while creating a high-performance culture focused on delivering sustainable, profitable growth, putting us well on our way to achieving our 5-year goal of doubling our revenues and more than doubling our earnings. 
 With that, I'll now turn things over to Stuart to review our financial results and provide guidance for the upcoming quarter and full fiscal year. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter of 2015 and highlights from the year. I'll then provide details for our outlook for 2016 and the first quarter. I will also provide further details of our growth plans for the next 5 years, as Laurent has described. 
 The fourth quarter was an important period for us as we posted accelerating double-digit comps against our highest prior period comparisons of the year. We also made improvements in our product margins and solid progress in realigning our inventories, which helps set the stage for the recovery and profitability in 2016 that we had been building towards this past year. 
 Turning to the details. Q4 total net revenues rose 16.9% to $704.3 million, with the increase in revenue driven by several factors that include: a total constant dollar comparable sales growth of 11%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 5% and an e-commerce comp of 33%; and also an increase in square footage of 20% versus last year, driven by the addition of 61 net new company-operated stores since Q4 of 2014, 30 net new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 5 in Europe, 3 in Asia and 21 ivivva stores. And finally, these factors were offset by the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $28.3 million or 4.7%. 
 During the fourth quarter, we opened 9 net new company-operated stores, 6 in the U.S., 1 in Europe and 2 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 363 total stores versus 302 a year ago. There are now 284 stores in our comp base, 41 of those in Canada, 188 in the United States, 31 in Australia and New Zealand, 1 in Europe, 1 in Asia and 22 ivivva. At the end of Q4, we also had a total of 84 showrooms in operation: 25 lululemon showrooms in North America, 21 internationally and 38 ivivva. Company-operated stores represented 72.3% of total revenue. 
 Revenues from our digital channel totaled $146.3 million or 20.8% of total revenue compared to 19% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-up stores, warehouse sales and outlets, totaled $48.9 million versus $31.9 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $354.5 million or 50.3% of net revenue compared to $310 million or 51.5% of net revenue in Q4 2014. The factors which contributed to this 120 basis point decline in gross margin were: 30 basis points of overall product margin increase, primarily driven by stabilizing initial merchandising margins, lower airfreight costs, offset with higher markdowns compared to Q4 2014; 110 basis points of decline due to the foreign exchange impact of a stronger U.S. dollar; and 20 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation, and 20 basis points of deleverage and product and supply chain overhead costs. 
 SG&A expenses were $188.2 million or 26.7% of net revenue compared with $152.9 million or 25.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 23% SG&A dollar increase is due to the following: an increase in operating expenses associated with new and existing stores, showrooms and outlets; increased variable operating costs associated with the growth in our e-commerce channel, including digital marketing expenses; increased head office costs associated with strategic investments and supply chain consulting expenses associated with our gross margin improvement plan initiatives. These items were offset with a stronger U.S. dollar, which, on translation, decreased reported SG&A by $13.7 million or 6.2%, along with an increase in foreign exchange revaluation gains of $5 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter was $166.3 million or 23.6% of net revenue compared with $157.2 million or 26.1% of net revenue in Q4 2014. The tax rate was 29.8% compared to 30.3% a year ago. 
 Net income for the quarter was $117.4 million or $0.85 per diluted share compared to net income of $110.9 million or $0.78 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2014. The negative net impact to earnings from foreign currency in this quarter was $0.03 per share. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 138.2 million versus 142.4 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 2.1 million shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $49.52 per share. We now have completed a total of 421.5 million in total share repurchases, with approximately $28.5 million remaining on our original authorization. Capital expenditures were $35.4 million for the quarter compared to $30.4 million in the fourth quarter last year. 
 Turning to the highlights for our full fiscal year 2015 performance. Net revenue was $2.061 billion, up 20% on a constant currency basis and reflecting a 10% comparable sales growth. E-commerce sales totaled $401.5 million or 19.5% of total sales. Gross profit was $997.2 million or 48.4% of net revenue compared to $914.2 million or 50.9% of net revenue in fiscal 2014. Net income for the year was $266 million or $1.89 per diluted share compared to $239 million or $1.66 per diluted share for fiscal 2014. This is based off of an effective tax rate of 27.8% in 2015 versus a 37.6% effective tax rate in 2014. Normalized for transfer pricing and repatriation tax adjustments, our adjusted EPS was $1.86 for fiscal year 2015 compared to $1.89 in 2014. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $501.5 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $284 million or 36% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. This marks a sequential improvement to our inventory levels from the end of Q3 that was better than our prior estimates. This improvement was the result of 3 factors: first, the higher sales outcome enabled us to move through more inventory than previously estimated; secondly, we took incremental markdowns in the quarter to help address the overhang from prior periods; and lastly, we saw more favorable in-transit levels that were generally in line with the overall year-over-year increase for the quarter. The improvement to our prior estimates for in-transit inventory related primarily to refinements in the timing of shipments impacted by Chinese New Year. We are, in fact, seeing inventory levels rebalance with sales now that we are deep into Q1. So we remain confident that our inventories will be well aligned with forward sales at the end of the quarter. 
 Turning to our outlook for 2016. We now see our plans for a recovery in profitability coming into sharper focus. At this point, most of our assortment plans for the year are set, and we have visibility to the gross margin inflection that we will deliver beginning in Q2 and continuing through the second half of the year. This inflection, combined with continued strong comp sales momentum, will drive the recovery in earnings growth we have been working towards over the last year. Q1 will mark the last step in our transition to regaining earnings growth as we complete our work to rebalance our inventory levels and extend efforts to strengthen our supply chain capabilities. 
 Turning now to the details of our Q1 and fiscal year 2016 outlook. We expect revenues in Q1 to be in the range of $483 million to $488 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2015 and assumes the Canadian dollar at CAD 0.75 to the U.S. dollar and 8 new store openings. 
 We anticipate gross margin to be approximately 47%. The factors driving this are: continued improvements in product margins as we benefit from lower air freight usage and improved initial merchandise margins. This is partially offset with higher markdowns as we work through the inventory overhang from prior periods. The impact of FX from a weaker year-over-year Canadian and Australian dollar, which is the largest headwind to gross margin; moderate occupancy and depreciation deleverage, although improved versus last year; and finally, slight deleverage in product and supply chain expenses. 
 We expect SG&A in the first quarter to delever significantly from Q1 2015, primarily due to currency revaluation losses that we anticipate in the quarter as a result of the significant strengthening of the Canadian dollar over the last 2 months. We anticipate that approximately half of this deleverage for the quarter will result from currency revaluation. Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 138 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.30 per share versus $0.34 a year ago. 
 For the full year 2016, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.285 billion to $2.335 billion. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits. We expect to open up to 44 company-operated stores, which includes up to 11 new stores in Asia and Europe, and also 12 ivivva stores. This represents a square footage increase of approximately 12%. As we have mentioned, we expect gross margin for the year to increase from 2015 beginning with a positive inflection starting in Q2 and carrying forward each quarter for the rest of the fiscal year. We will deliver this gross margin improvement from several areas, including reduction in air freight, as we shift a higher portion of product flows to ocean freight; improved logistics costs, as we optimize mode selection for the movement of our goods; improved duty costs, as we pursue identified first-sale opportunities; FOB cost improvements, as we improve our demand planning, reduce cancellations and late-stage change orders; and lastly, other efficiencies from a more disciplined go-to-market process such as lower fabric liability and improved development ratios. 
 We expect modest deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2015, driven by strategic investments in supply chain, digital, guest experience, brand and IT systems. We expect higher deleverage in the first half of the year due to the currency revaluation impact expected in Q1, with the second half planned roughly flat to last year. As a result, we expect operating margin to lever from 2015 for 2016 overall, with some improvements beginning in Q2 and accelerating in the second half of the year. 
 We expect our fiscal year 2016 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.05 to $2.15 per share. This is based off of 138 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q4 2015 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 30.2%. This includes an estimate of an overall net negative impact to earnings from foreign exchange for the year of approximately $0.06 per share when compared to fiscal year 2015. We expect capital expenditures to range between $150 million and $155 million for the fiscal year 2016, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments. 
 We're excited for 2016, a year when we will continue the top line momentum from 2015, rebalance our inventories, recover our product margins, resume double-digit earnings growth and extend our growth strategies, as Laurent described. As we look beyond 2016, we see a compelling growth model emerging, with economics that are well within the company's past performance levels. Laurent outlined the 4 growth strategies that collectively will enable us to double our revenues to roughly $4 billion by 2020. 
 Looking more closely at each of these, we see a convincing case for this level of growth. First, our continued investments in product innovation are building a pipeline of new technology, fabrics and designs that will be a foundation for the mid-single-digit comps we expect to deliver over the next 5 years. Our pant wall launch this year helped deliver a 19% increase in women's bottoms from September to January. And we are eager to see what Tom and Lee will do with women's tops later this year. This game-changing level of innovation will be the catalyst to enable growth in our women's category to reach approximately $3 billion in total revenues by 2020. Our men's category might be even more exciting, posting an average quarterly increase of 20% over the last 10 quarters. Given this growth trend, it is not a stretch to expect our men's category to reach $1 billion in revenue by 2020. 
 Secondly, the continued buildout of our North American store fleet offers the lowest beta part of the growth story. With much runway remaining in the U.S., this region will deliver a major portion of the double-digit total square footage growth we expect in the coming years. This will include both new stores as well as expansions and relocations, the latter being an important evolution of our real estate strategy. We are also now incubating several new real estate formats that we'll talk more about later in the year. 
 The third growth strategy, our digital business, continues to deliver strong momentum, and the work Miguel and team are up to has everyone here excited, so much runway with essentially no cap on the upside. This has been an important part of our comp story, with annual e-commerce sales growth over 20% every year since the site launched in 2009, and we're only now reaching 20% penetration. We expect that this business will reach 25%, 30% or more of the total revenues for the company over the next 5 years, new website, new CRM and customer analytics, new digital marketing and new leadership. Very excited for what the team is building. 
 And finally, international. It's hard to overstate the potential for us in Asia and Europe over the next 5 years. As Laurent described, we expect international to reach 20% to 25% of our total revenues over the next 5 years. We also expect international to be accretive to earnings by the end of 2017. 
 Looking beyond top line expansion. We continue to see our operating profit recovering to the low 20s, led by the recovery in our gross margins. This recovery began in Q4 2015, continues in the current quarter and accelerates in Q2 and into the second half of the year. We see much of the margin recovery happening by 2018 with more modest improvements through 2020. And to be clear, this simply represents a reversion to the mean of where our gross margin has performed previously, certainly not extending our model into uncharted waters. 
 And regarding SG&A, we expect modest leverage over the next 5 years. Importantly, our strong top line growth should enable a virtuous cycle of reinvestment to fuel our growth drivers going forward. 
 We are obviously excited about our potential in 2016 and over the next 5 years, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. 
 With that, I open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the unification of men's and women's, what do you think we should expect in terms of what may happen to men's just because the momentum has been so strong there? And also, as we look forward, you did mention that your inventories are a little bit more than you would have liked. Which products is that related to? And Laurent, if you could highlight anything we should expect with the women's tops momentum and innovation there, that would be helpful for as we think about modeling the back half. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think that was 4 questions in a row. So I'll pick up the men's question. I want to remind everybody that we've got Lee in the room with us. But really, the unification of men's and women's under one overarching vision is really just strengthening the brand. So when you think about telling global stories of functional raw materials or construction, I mean, now we have a platform that really is much larger than it was before. And I always talk about Ocean and Duke, our muses, being able to share a walk-in closet, and we are one brand. So I'm very, very excited about the power, the unification and truly being design-led, as Lee build his organization. So Lee, I'll let you chime in on that. But it's really the first time that, as an organization, we are design-led across men's and women's, both from a functional and from a design standpoint. 
Lee Holman: Yes. I'm just really excited about 2016 and beyond. And it already starts from moving from a house of brands to a branded house. And what I mean is just aligning under one creative vision, having a pipeline of innovation that taps into men's and women's, think of the Engineered Sensation, how you can take that platform and build it from a men's and women's point of view. So I'm just really excited about driving the men's and women's business forward and a constant stream of like innovative product that we can bring to our guests. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, it's Stuart. So on your question regarding inventory, and I think you're asking any specific categories we would call out in terms of the current inventory balance. First, I'll say, we're pleased with the improvement that we saw in the quarter. I would offer that the inventory balances are very current, and we're not seeing any deterioration and aging. There's not a specific category, I'd say, we're particularly heavy. And I think we're -- as we look forward for the year, we expect to see inventories, by Q1, come in line with our forward sales trend. Inventories over the course of the year may even begin to look lean, I think, on a 2-year basis versus our sales trend that will look appropriate. But we're pleased with the progress that we made on the inventory balances, as I said, and no particular categories I'd call out. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Lee, do you want to touch real quick on the question around tops? 
Lee Holman: Yes. I think on the women's tops business, and we can look at the men's as well. It's really having a real heightened focus and obsession around how do we bring balanced assortment of newness, and also how do we make it easier to outfit within stores and on digital with our bottoms business. So really offsetting around how color and print work together, how different textures -- one of the biggest callout that we're hearing from our ambassadors and our athletes is technical in the bottom and natural on top. And we're really covering that with our new assortment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih of Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Lee, the question is for you. Can you talk about -- before you got there, there was this kind of push and pull and a balancing between core basics and the seasonal product. And I'm wondering how that strategic direction has changed under your vision. And then for Stuart, if you can talk about merch margin recovery over this long-range plan that you've laid out for us. Where can the merch margins return back to, say, over time? 
Lee Holman: I think coming in a year ago in October, I think it's really around how do we heighten up those functional, seasonal stories with newness and new silhouettes that we are hearing from our ambassadors and our athletes, but also with a balanced offensive classification excellence. And I'm really proud of every product that we constantly put out. Core is constantly evolving. We always look at our fits. We look at how things are shifting really to more of a high rise rather than a low rise. I mean, that's something we're hearing from our guests. And I think what's very unique about coming here in lululemon is just the constant feedback we're getting from our regional managers, our store managers and our ambassadors that we can really react to shifts in trends. And also what's really exciting is just about how people are working out very differently. Shifting to more of these hybrid classes that are combining high-sweat activities and low-sweat kind of activities like yoga is moving and we're moving with yoga, which is really exciting, and then tap it into training and run, that Laurent talked about earlier, with new innovative product. Just so excited about, as we get through this year and beyond, with the new innovative experiences that myself and Tom will bring in. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Great. Yes, Adrienne, so on merchandise margins, as you suggested, as we're looking forward in terms of the recovery, what I would say is we see in the second half of the year, the anticipated recovery in product margins or merchandise margin taking shape consistent with our product expectations. We see this extending into the first half of next year as planned and beyond. And we think we can achieve the level of recovery that we had targeted previously and communicated with investors. That said, I would like to shift the focus here to gross margin in our discussions, where we can provide more transparent guidance to investors. And I think that's likely what you intended with your question anyway. We'll certainly provide details on the components of gross margin as we go forward, but ultimately, that's the metric we have to improve in order to drive recovery in our operating profit. And so specifically on your question of where we think we can get back to, I think we still feel like the low 50s in aggregate for gross margin is where we can recover our gross margins. That will be the primary impetus for a recovery in our operating margins to the low 20s. We don't see that changing. We think over the next 5 years, we should be able to get back to that level of performance. And we'll continue to provide update as we go through the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez of Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about traffic versus ticket on that plus 5 store comp? And what assumptions are built in to your comp guidance for '16 at the store level versus e-com? And then, within that store assumption, again, traffic versus ticket. And just bigger picture, can you talk about pricing power you think you might have? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Paul, so to make sure I hit this right, so we'll -- I'll give you some color on what we saw in traffic, Q4 and into Q1, and then just talk about how it connects to our comp outlook. So we have seen positive store traffic in the first quarter, both in stores and online for sure. And that's really against the backdrop of a pretty challenging retail environment. That said, the traffic has not been as strong in the first quarter as we had experienced in the fourth quarter. And then thinking about how that connects to our comp guidance, we planned comps for the year and for the first quarter at mid-single digit. That's how we're bought. And certainly, if the guest votes above this, we can do better. But at this point, we feel like that guidance for our comps is appropriate, and that's certainly reflective of the traffic trends that we're seeing in the first quarter. As we think about looking back at Q4, with the really strong traffic, the other factor that buoyed our comp results in the fourth quarter was just a very strong AUR outcome. And that connects, I think, to your ticket question. So certainly, traffic and AUR were the drivers of the comp performance in the fourth quarter. I would say that's largely extended into the first quarter, although, as I just mentioned, we're -- it's tempered by some moderation in the traffic trends in the first couple of months in the quarter. 
Laurent Potdevin: As far as your question, I mean, just to chime in real quick on pricing power. I mean, I think first of all, pricing power is dangerous because it's chipping at the equity of the brand, where we think we have tremendous power in innovation. And when we deliver innovation and value for our guests, we actually do have pricing power. And that was very clearly validated when we relaunched our pant wall and also with our men's business. So as long as we're focused on innovation and as long as we deliver innovation across categories and across gender, I mean, we have tremendous pricing power. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, Stuart, I want to focus on the international side. So 11 openings this year from, I think, 9 last year. And then in the prepared remarks, you mentioned by 2020, getting to about 20% or 25% of sales, which is a pretty big jump from today. So I guess my question is, can you help us understand how you get there in terms of new door growth versus productivity? And then can you talk about the ramp in profitability there from what, I guess, is losses today to breakeven next year to what kind of contribution you'd expect by 2020? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Ike. So to be clear, that 20% to 25% does include our Australia business, which we have about 30 stores today in Australia and New Zealand. But certainly, the bigger part of the story is with the acceleration of our growth in Asia and Europe. And so certainly, we're building a pipeline of showrooms in each of those geographies that we believe will support an acceleration in store openings in the coming years. And then as we think about just those 2 geographies, we're particularly excited about the results that we're seeing in Asia. We've seen strong results or strong performance in the new stores we've opened in Singapore and Hong Kong. We're targeting other capital cities in the region, Seoul, Tokyo, Shanghai and Beijing, in the near future for new stores that we're just -- we think will be particularly successful both in terms of profit and the total volume that the stores will generate. We're also pleased with the traction that we're getting in London. We've had some important openings in London. We've got 3 or 4 more teed up for this year, really focusing on building our brand awareness in this pretty critical capital city for that region to help drive the brand awareness. And that's -- the strategy is such that we're balancing, executing our proven showroom strategy that helps us derisk these new store openings, seed brand awareness, seed demand in those markets with developing a stronger brand awareness regionally through opening these high-profile stores in these capital cities. So certainly, as you think about the profitability, we think we'll reach a point by the end of next year, where we'll have a critical scale, particularly in Asia and Europe, where we believe we can begin to leverage our overhead. And that should accelerate beyond '17, as we achieve greater and greater scale. I wouldn't look at the number of openings that we've had in '15 and '16 as a straight line. We will expect that we'll be able to increase the store opening cadence as we get deeper into the 5-year plan that we've outlined. 
Laurent Potdevin: And remember that we've got a very focused strategy. I seek capital cities to raise brand awareness. So later this year, we'll be actually announcing a couple of different go-to-market strategy to really increase that. So we're being very innovative and curious in how we can accelerate, how quickly we run brand awareness in those capital cities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about same-store sales by category, can you talk about comp performance, those tops versus bottoms in the fourth quarter, specific initiatives just to expect this year in tops and really the best way to think about bottoms in the back half just lapping the pant wall? And then finally, on the first quarter, what have you seen in February and March versus the mid-single-digit comp guide? I think any color would be really helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: Okay, Matt, it's Stuart. Maybe I'll speak to your latter question on the Q1 trends, which really is sort of along the same lines of what Paul asked a few minutes ago. And I'll turn it over to Lee to kind of talk about the plans we have and the trends that we've seen in women's tops and bottoms. So in Q1, as we mentioned, we've set the comp guidance at mid-single digit. We have seen traffic, while positive in the first quarter, not quite as strong as it had been in Q4. So we feel like the mid-single-digit guidance is appropriate. That said, as I mentioned, if our guests vote above this, there's potential to do better than that. But at this point, we feel like this is -- that guidance is appropriate. And really, as we think about the KPIs that underline that comp guidance, it's really the same story from the fourth quarter where we're seeing improvements in AUR and modest positive traffic in the first quarter that get us to that comp outlook. So hopefully that answers your question regarding Q1. And Lee, can you speak to... 
Lee Holman: Yes. I think, on our tops business, we're really excited at how we're getting to the back end of the quarters around bringing newness into our tops business, if it's from a natural point of view, from a fabrication and more technical soul and really looking about how we layer in a system of dress, which is really around back about harmonies and tops. So how is your first layer, your second layer work for your outerwear, so that when you go into storytelling in the stores or when the guests come in, it's really easy to outfit. And then what I'm really excited about the bottoms business, it's really extended to Engineered Sensation platforms that we did in Q4, and then adding new fabrications that really heighten out those sensations. So you're going to see a lot more new fabrication, a new execution on printing techniques within our pant wall as well and more obsession around craftsmanship as well, really driving this notion around engineering rather than veneering. That's really engineering the fabric, really getting back to those design principles around fit, fabrication, silhouette and finish, and really going back about how lululemon's really started with the fabrication around luon, the unique properties around that. And also it made you look amazing, so how do we get back into that and driving innovation from all the product that we're driving? And I'm really excited about how we're bringing these innovation products for the next year and beyond. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick of Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess one question, just maybe give us an update... 
Laurent Potdevin: Brian, we can barely hear you. 
Brian Tunick: Is that better? 
Laurent Potdevin: Not really. Go ahead. 
Brian Tunick: Just on the supply chain and your design calendar and lead times, just maybe give us an idea of what's happened over the last year or 2? How long does it take to get product in the store? What kind of testing are you doing? Just an overall view point there. And then the second question is on omni-channel, your new DTC launch. Can you maybe talk about timing? Where are you on some of the projects there? 
Stuart Haselden: Brian, it's Stuart. So on your first question, in terms of the supply chain and the product calendar, fundamentally, the timetable for how we bring products to market is unchanged. And we're really operating on essentially a 9-month seasonal calendar, where we're making financial commitments probably 4 to 5 months out. And the balance of that 9 months is related to design and development. So I mean, that's largely unchanged. Certainly, we're always looking for ways to improve that timing and create flexibility. Our fast-turn strategy is really the most prominent way we've tried to do that in terms of leveraging fabric that we own into trends that we see emerging in stores on a shorter lead time. And that's, I think, a well-understood strategy we've had. We're always looking to try to grow that where it makes sense to, again, create a greater degree of flexibility to respond closer to market. So I hope that answers your question there. On the omni-channel and direct-to-consumer, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, a lot going on. Miguel is rapidly building an impressive team. We're making a lot of important technological investments. We had mentioned, I think, previously that we are building towards a new launch for our website. That is definitely still the case. That website is now live internally, and we're testing and looking at a launch externally to our guests in early Q2. So plans there are on track as we had previously described. I mean, additionally, from an omni-channel standpoint, it's important to mention the work that we're doing at CRM. So we're building new customer analytic capabilities that the company has never had. And that will enable us to better tailor, better craft our communication with guests in a sophisticated way that we just have never done. It will give us better understanding of our customer segments, how they're performing, how they're trending, what's working, what's not, so that we can just become a stronger, more customer-centric business. And then connecting that with the technological improvements in RFID, how we're connecting our pools of inventory across channels so that we can meet our guests, as Laurent described, in a channel-agnostic manner so that we're able to connect those experiences between stores and online more seamlessly. So that's a big part of the growth strategies over the next 4 years. It was one of the 4 that Laurent had mentioned, and it's certainly something we're investing aggressively behind. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Alexander of BB&T. 
Paul Alexander: Any learnings from the New York Flatiron stores so far? And then just a broader question about flagship stores. It sounds like the international strategy will rely heavily on capital cities. Will North America get any more kind of flagship stores? 
Laurent Potdevin: I think we -- this is Laurent. I think we talked about that on the last call. I want to be really clear when we talk about flagship store. And what we've got is that we've got a very proven, powerful formula with our 3,000 square-foot stores, and we're experiencing with more formats. So whether it's a larger format or a smaller format in a resort, beach mountain location, but it's not a flagship -- we don't build flagship from a branding standpoint that are losing money. So we look for the same profitability. We just build larger format when we want to show a broader assortment of the product where we've got much better or much stronger traffic. So it's not so much a flagship. It's a question of really having the right assortment where we need it and provide the global assortment with digital air cover. So you'll see larger format where it makes sense, but you won't see us build flagship as marketing or branding exercises. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll talk again soon. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-12-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica's Third Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, CFO; along with Miguel Almeida, EVP of Digital, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting company management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we had assessed, but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events.
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q will be available under the Investor section of our website at www.lululemon.com. Today's call is scheduled for one hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our third quarter performance as well as highlight our progress against various initiatives, which incorporates the recent changes to our organizational structure. Stuart will then walk you through our financial and guidance in more detail.
 First, from a top line perspective, the third quarter was in line with our expectations. We delivered $480 million in net revenue for the quarter, up 14% over the third quarter of 2014 and up 20% in constant currency. We achieved a 9% global combined comp, the result of strong performance across our channels and regions. 
 Once again in Q3, store comps across all regions were positive and we delivered a global e-commerce comp of 21%. This solid top line performance is a testament to the continued strength of our brand and loyalty of our guests. Our gross margin and inventory position came in within our expectations for the quarter, and we reported EPS of $0.38 per share.
 In line with macroeconomic trends, the start of Q4 has been mixed. We saw lower traffic in the final weeks of Q3 and into the first couple of weeks of Q4, with steady improvement since Thanksgiving. Given the current environment, we are taking a conservative stance with revenue in Q4, while taking the necessary actions to manage inventory and control expenses. Our work to build a scalable global supply chain is beginning to pay off and we saw an inflection of our product margins beginning in Q4. 
 I would like to start by emphasizing that this year's investments in our product engine and supply chain remain very much on track. We are now seeing sequential improvement in product margin and remain focused and confident in our goals.
 We continue to strategically invest in people, processes and technology that will deliver strong, long-term profitability and support our global expansion and 10-year vision. Stuart will provide more details within his comments on our strategic investments and progress on margin expansion, along with an outlook on our inventory levels.
 Our women's business has continued to be strong with an acceleration in pants and bras, where both categories delivered double-digit comps for the quarter. On our last call, we had just launched our new women's pant wall. This was among the company's most significant global launches combining education, innovation and a re-imagination of this category. We have seen a fantastic response from our guest with women's pants generating a 27% comp in Q3 and bras were not also far behind with a strong comp of 18%. With new creative leadership and direction, the design team is laser focused on delivering new styles and innovation for the top and tank categories that will give our guests varying levels of support, coverage and fit options.
 Our men's business continues to outpace our overall growth, comping 24% for the quarter. This performance was and continues to be attributed in large part to our sweat category, the anchor of the men's business. The technical function of our sweat assortment, combined with our deep community relationship with our ambassador, is what gives us long-term relevance and continues to set us apart.
 Our ivivva brand also posted double-digit comp growth with a 23% combined comp for the quarter. This strong performance continues to demonstrate how authentically this brand resonates with our young guests. And for those of you who are listening from New York, we just opened our first ivivva pop-up location in Union Square, and I encourage you to drop in and discover it for yourself.
 Turning now to creating amazing experiences for our guests. We have fully deployed RFID to all North American stores. This technology is a powerful new tool in creating seamless guest experiences across all channels and has greatly enhanced our ability to access inventory quickly across all channels and locations. Our in-store ability to access our incoming inventories through our bag backroom app accounted for 8% of e-commerce revenue for the quarter.
 We continue to engage new communities as we open new location across the world. In November, we opened our Flatiron flagship in New York City. This amazing location holds our largest store to date and offers dedicated concierge services delighting guests with everything from booking the most products or classes to discovering the best runs in the city. This location serves local New York guests and is a platform for the rest of the world to discover lululemon. Located on the lower level of the store, HUB seventeen is a 3,000-square foot space dedicated to connecting our guests with ambassador amongst many other things. It's an incredible space for our collective to engage with friends, sweat, enjoy the work of local artists and live music.
 Throughout Q3, we made further progress expanding our global collective. We opened our first store in Dubai at the Mall of Emirates and have a second store planned by the end of the year. In Europe, we opened 2 new stores including Marylebone in London as well as 2 new showrooms. In Asia, we opened our second location in Hong Kong at Hysan Place, and I'm extremely pleased with its performance since opening. In the second week of Q4, we launched our shop-in-shop on Tmall, attracting 165,000 unique visitors on the first day, clearly validating the strength of the platform as key to building our brand awareness in China. Tmall provides an opportunity to introduce new guests to our brand and support our existing showroom locations as we continue to build our community in China. In addition, the performance of our showroom in South Korea continues to far exceed our expectations, and we are excited to open 2 new stores in Seoul in the first half of next year.
 On the brand and community side, we launched a number of engaging initiatives. Om Canada was a celebration of our roots and included community events across the country. I recently visited Toronto and was amazed at the thoughtful execution of this program among our 6 stores and our continued commitment to our home market. We are seeing this focus clearly pay off as Canada posted another positive store comp in Q3. Finally, I'm thrilled to share the progress we've made to our organizational structure. Over the past 18 months, we've built a global world-class management team that is diverse and culturally aligned to drive our strategic global priorities and successfully position us to lead into our 10-year vision.
 In October, we appointed Lee Holman as our Creative Director, uniting both men's and women's vision under one overarching design. Lee brings a perfect balance of function, design and craftsmanship, making his ability to solve problems for athletes second to none. Dr. Tom Waller was promoted Senior Vice President, Whitespace, our R&D facility. Tom will continue to lead our team of scientists and engineers and be the catalyst for innovation across the entire organization. By elevating our passion for design and innovation, we will continue to strengthen our position as the global market leader in the category we created. Stuart Haselden has added Executive Vice President, Operations to his title, assuming broader responsibilities focused on driving operational excellence. And we are well along in the process of selecting a Chief Supply Chain Officer who will take on the work we started to optimize our global supply chain. 
 Last, but certainly not least, this November, we announced the appointment of Gina Warren as Executive Vice President, Culture & Talent, reporting directly to me. Patience is paying off, and after a lengthy search, I am beyond thrilled to have Gina join us with her exceptional track record of driving global culture rooted in leadership and development. Our people are the core that will drive this brand into the future. A true visionary, I look to Gina to nurture, lead and evolve our unique culture as we grow our global collective.
 As we near the end of the calendar year, our work is starting to pay off. We are relentless and focused in driving our priorities, thanks to a passionate group of leaders and an entire collective of smart, engaged, driven individuals throughout the organization, including our educators, store managers, ambassadors and support teams around the globe. I am more confident than ever that we will continue to build on our current momentum and deliver long-term profitable growth.
 Finally, before turning it over to Stuart, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the passing of Tom Stemberg. Tom was not only the retail legend we all know and a critical member of the lululemon Board since December of 2005, he was also a dear friend of the company and truly loved lululemon. As the Chairman of the lululemon Compensation Committee, Tom's passion for building unique programs focused on health and wellness knew absolutely no bounds. I will be forever grateful for his commitment to making me a better leader and lululemon a better company. We will all miss him dearly.
 I'll now turn things over to Stuart to review our financial results and provide guidance for the upcoming quarter and full fiscal year. 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our third quarter of 2015, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year of 2015.
 For Q3, total net revenue rose 14% to $479.7 million from $419.4 million in the third quarter of 2014. The increase in revenue was driven by total constant dollar comparable sales growth of 9% comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 6% and online growth of 21%. Also, square footage growth of 22% versus last year, driven by the addition of 65 new company-operated stores since Q3 of 2014, 33 new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 1 store in Australia, 5 in Europe, 4 in Asia and 20 ivivva stores. And offset by the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $24.7 million or 5.2%.
 During the third quarter, we opened 18 new company-operated stores, 9 in the U.S, 2 in Europe, 1 in Asia and 6 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 354 total stores versus 289 a year ago. There are now 266 stores in our comp base, 42 of those in Canada, 173 in the United States, 30 in Australia and New Zealand, 1 in Europe and 20 ivivva. At the end of Q3, we also had a total of 86 showrooms in operation, 27 lululemon showrooms in North America, 19 internationally and 40 ivivva showrooms.
 Company-operated stores represented 73.7% of total revenue or $353.4 million versus 73.9% or $310 million in the third quarter of last year. Revenues from our digital channel totaled $89.3 million or 18.6% of total revenue versus $77.2 million or 18.4% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-up stores, warehouse sales and outlets totaled $37 million or 7.7% of revenue for the third quarter versus $32.2 million or 7.7% of revenue in the third quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $224.8 million or 46.9% of net revenue compared to $211.1 million or 50.3% of net revenue in Q3 of 2014. The factors which contributed to this 340 basis point decline in gross margin were 130 basis points of overall product margin decline as the port-related product costs and selling mix pressures observed in Q2 continued to be meaningful in Q3, but were offset by improved air freight usage; 70 basis points attributable to higher markdowns; 90 basis points of decline due to the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar; and 120 basis points deleverage from occupancy and depreciation, which is related to new stores, including international locations and higher lease costs associated with major renovations, relocations and regular renewals. These items were offset by 70 basis points of leverage in supply chain overhead costs.
 SG&A expenses were $156.6 million or 32.7% of net revenue compared to $129.9 million or 30.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 21% SG&A dollar increase is due to the following: an increase in operating expenses associated with new and existing stores, showrooms and outlets, including costs related to the expansion of our international business; increased variable operating costs associated with the growth in our e-commerce channel; increased head office costs associated with strategic investments and one-time severance of roughly $1 million; increase in net foreign exchange revaluation losses of $3.4 million. These items were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which on translation decreased reported SG&A by $13.5 million or 8.6%. As a result, operating income for the quarter was $68.2 million or 14.2% of net revenue compared with $81.2 million or 19.4% of net revenue in Q3 of 2014.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $12.1 million or a tax rate of 18.6% compared to $22.5 million or a tax rate of 27.1% a year ago. Included in our tax expense for this quarter is an income tax recovery of $7.7 million related to the company's transfer pricing arrangements and taxes associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings. This also resulted in a net interest expense adjustment of $3.6 million. Excluding these items, the tax rate would have been 28.8% for the quarter.
 Net income for the quarter was $53.2 million or $0.38 per diluted share, compared to net income of $60.5 million or $0.42 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2014. Excluding the impact of the tax and related interest adjustments, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.35 per share for the third quarter of 2015. The negative impact to earnings from foreign currency this quarter was $0.03 per share.
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 140.5 million versus 143.4 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 1.6 million shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $55.50 per share. At this point, we have approximately $100 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization and will continue to be opportunistic in completing the program. Capital expenditures were $42.9 million for the quarter, compared to $37.3 million in the third quarter last year.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $403.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $357.8 million or 56% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2014, which was in line with our expectations that third quarter growth would be similar to the second quarter. Looking forward, we now expect total inventories to remain similarly elevated at the end of Q4 before coming fully in line with our sales trend in Q1. 
 This change in our inventory outlook is mainly due to intentional actions we have taken that will impact quarter end in-transit levels. Looking more closely at these projections, we still expect a sequential improvement in on-hand inventories at the end of Q4, but to a somewhat lesser degree than prior estimates due to our revised top line outlook for the quarter. And in fact, our November results reflect a meaningful reduction in on-hand inventory levels already.
 The bigger change in our inventory projections is a result of actions we have taken that will increase our quarter end in-transit inventories. Specifically, these are: First, our success in shifting shipment modes from air to ocean will have the effect of increasing in transit at quarter end as we see the benefits of our enhanced supply chain processes and we reduce our reliance on air transit. And second, we made the decision to pull forward certain product flows into the latter part of Q4 to mitigate shipment risks related to the timing of Chinese New Year. This has the effect of increasing in-transit levels at quarter end, but is the correct call to project -- to protect our in-stock positions and the integrity of our assortments entering Q1 to deliver on our design intent.
 Additionally, we are also pleased with the results of our efforts to clear the excess inventory that we incurred as a result of the port disruption in Q1, and I'd like to recap where we stand now. You may recall, we identified 1.1 million units of excess inventory at the end of Q1. We also identified a plan to clear roughly 1/3 of this or 400,000 units through normal exit channels, while the balance would be incorporated in our normal product flows at full price in Q3 and Q4.
 As of the end of Q3, we have cleared approximately 260,000 units through our exit channels, including our successful physical warehouse sale in Boston this past October. The remaining 140,000 units of clearance inventory will be sold through in Q4 via 2 physical warehouse sales that we now have planned, 1 in the U.S. and 1 in Canada as well as through our normal exit channels otherwise.
 Of the remaining 2/3 of the Q1 excess that has been flowed at full price into the second half of the year, about half of this was sold in Q3 as part of our normal flows. The remainder will be sold in Q4 with a small portion incorporated into the first half of 2016. As a result of all the factors just mentioned, we now expect inventory levels to become fully aligned with forward sales in Q1 following the sequential improvements in on-hand inventories combined with the described increase in in-transit at the end of Q4.
 This now leads me to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. As Laurent mentioned, trends in our business have been mixed with traffic trends soft to start Q4 followed by some improvement since Thanksgiving. As a result, we are updating our prior guidance to reflect a Q4 revenue estimate in the range of $670 million to $685 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 and assumes a Canadian dollar at 0.75 to the U.S. dollar and 9 new store openings, 7 lululemon stores and 2 ivivva.
 That said, we are in fact seeing the gross margin recovery in Q4 taking shape and expect this to continue and accelerate into 2016. But specifically for Q4, we now anticipate gross margin to be in the range of 49% to 50%. This sequential improvement reflects a number of positive factors, including stabilizing product margins as we move beyond port-related cost issues and benefit from leverage of air freight costs as utilization has declined significantly to last year; significant sequential improvement in occupancy and depreciation as expected, but still up year-over-year; and buying costs in line with last year.
 Offsetting these positive factors are the continued impact of FX, actually the biggest quarterly impact of the year; an increase in markdowns to stay on top of inventory movement as our comp trend has moderated; and we expect SG&A in the fourth quarter to delever from Q4 2014, due in part to our lapping $7 million in FX gains that reduced reported SG&A in Q4 2014. The remaining increases causing deleverage are associated with investments in our global website redesign, supply chain consulting cost associated with delivering on our margin improvement initiatives and incremental digital marketing expenses during the fourth quarter that drive traffic and conversion.
 Assuming a tax rate of 29.5% and 139 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.78 per share versus $0.78 a year ago. For the full year 2015, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $2.025 billion to $2.04 billion for the year. We now expect to open 61 company-operated stores, which includes up to 8 new stores in Asia and Europe and also 21 ivivva stores. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to delever from 2014, impacted by the factors we mentioned earlier. We expect modest deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2014, driven by strategic investments in guest experience, supply chain, digital, brand and IT systems. We now expect a net negative impact to earnings from foreign exchange for the year to increase from approximately $0.07 to $0.09 per share when compared to fiscal year 2014. 
 As a result, we expect operating margin to delever from 2014 and our fiscal year 2015 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.81 to $1.84. This is based off of 140.9 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q3 2015 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 27.6%, which includes the $0.03 tax benefit recorded in the third quarter. We expect capital expenditures to range between $135 million to $140 million for the fiscal year 2015, reflecting new store openings including outlets, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments.
 We are pleased with the progress we have made in the third quarter. As we now have moved into Q4, the team remains laser focused on successfully executing all of our strategic initiatives. We will provide a detailed outlook for next year as part of our Q4 call in March, but we would like to reiterate our confidence in delivering gross margin recovery in 2016. The quarter-to-date margin trends we are now seeing reinforce this view. And at this point, we are deep into execution on the various programs that will deliver the margin improvements that will support this inflection and long-term profitability. 
 As we've discussed, these programs and the related investments are focused on a few key areas that include reduction in air freight as we shift a higher portion of flows to ocean. This effort is beginning in Q4 of this year where we expect air utilization to be half of last year; improve logistics and duty costs; FOB cost improvements as we improve our demand planning, reduce cancellations and late stage change orders; and lastly, other efficiencies from a more disciplined go-to-market process, such as lower fabric liability and improved development ratios. 
 These programs are all part of the evolution to a more sophisticated, scalable supply chain that can flow product more efficiently and consistently based on anticipated product life cycles. We have incurred consulting costs in both Q3 and Q4 to deliver on these programs next year, namely with Deloitte, who has been a catalyst to accelerating our efforts. 
 Given the nature of these initiatives, we see gross margin recovery opportunity accelerating starting in the second quarter of 2016. We will see sequential improvement in Q1 gross margin, but also anticipate some impact in this period from steps we will take to fully align inventory levels. 
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, you mentioned the opportunities on the supply chain. Can you maybe just talk about the different buckets, maybe dig in a little bit to some quantification on where you're furthest along and just the timing on how you see those come through? It sounds like maybe some are happening a little earlier than planned in the fourth quarter, but just wondering how we should think about the total by bucket in F '16. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Paul, it's Stuart. So as we think about the margin improvement and the order of magnitude, we still see the potential -- we still expect to achieve the area of 300 basis points of product margin improvement versus 2014 pre-FX. But I think what we're seeing now that we're a little farther into 2015 and have more visibility on the first half of '16 that it'll likely take us into the first half of 2017 to fully achieve that level of margin recovery. But as you mentioned, we are seeing the opportunity taking shape in 2016, particularly beginning in the second quarter, and again -- but we will see improvement in margin in the first quarter but a greater inflection accelerating into the second quarter, and so we feel like the overall story is intact. We tried to lay out, in my prepared remarks, some of the primary buckets for how we'll deliver that, and I can give you a little color now on each of those. So as you look at the reductions in air freight, that's a big piece of the equation and one of the more tangible that we've been able to make, probably the most progress on -- in 2015. As I mentioned, we're seeing air freight utilization in the fourth quarter less than half of what it was in 2014. So that's going to translate into an important point of leverage for gross margins in the current quarter, in Q4. We see that extending into 2016. And to quantify it, we're looking at air utilization rates that are under 25%, where in much of the prior year, they were approaching 50%, north of 40% -- usually north of 40%. So that's a critical element that is tangible that we're seeing and meet your current benefits. The other areas, the improved logistics and duty costs, so on the logistics side, there's programs we've identified to optimize our mode utilization. All air freight isn't created equal, and there's different tiers of air that you can leverage at different levels of cost to the company. So we've identified ways to optimize that where we choose to use it. The same thing for ocean freight. It's not all created equal, and we've, again, identified where we can do a better job of flowing inventory through the supply chain, through the logistics elements of how we move product. And duty costs, there's just some pretty straightforward first sale opportunities we've identified that we're going to work on now. So again, those are, again, meaningful opportunities from a cost reduction standpoint. FOB cost improvements, this is really us getting our house in order. We've talked about this earlier in the year. Improving our demand planning, being able to look forward and have a more reliable estimate of our production requirements that we can take to our suppliers to deliver more consistent production requirements, reducing the amount of cancellations that we've seen, and as well, late stage change orders. All those things will improve our ability to lower our FOB costs. And then also, as I mentioned, the go-to-market process, more discipline around how we manage our fabric liability. We've taken some steps earlier in this year to clean up our positions. We feel like we should be in a good place to enter 2016 in that regard. And also, as our internal processes for product development improve, we can improve our development ratio, as I mentioned which, again, our -- is an important part of the liabilities that we generate to support our product process. So I mean, those are the big areas we'd like to identify and not going to break out sort of the details around each in terms of what they're worth, but each of those are meaningful and will be part of the overall recovery that we see really accelerating in Q2 of next year. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Paul, this is Laurent. What I might want to add quickly is with the structural changes that we've made and -- on the product side, I mean, being design-led certainly doesn't come at the expense of great merchandising, and I've already seen much greater collaboration between design and merchandiser resulting in a much more focused approach to the assortment, which will create better experiences for our guests, but also much more efficient targeted sourcing of our product, resulting in far greater margin. So I mean, I've seen the impacts that it will have both on the guest standpoint, but also the laser focus on a more streamlined supply chain. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick with the Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: One question on the product side, and then one on the expense side. I guess on the product side, bottoms up, I think you said 27%, bras up 18%. Can you maybe talk about what are the biggest opportunities in the women's assortment next year? Where do you think there's the most white space to either relaunch or have a new category? And have you learned anything about your price opportunities given the newer high price point in the compression pants? And Stuart, on the expense side, can you maybe talk about the SG&A dollar growth? Obviously, there was some consulting costs in there. How much they may have been for the third or the fourth quarter, and are there any other management holes besides the supply chain head that we need to think about for 2016 SG&A dollar growth? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, this is Laurent. I'll take the first part of the question. I mean, clearly, what we've learned and what we've known all along and where we probably lost our way the past 3 years that when we are bold and when we're innovative, our guests respond really well. And the response to the launch of the pant wall has been fantastic, so both from a fabrication, from an innovation standpoint, and we have actually seen price elasticity that was much greater than what we had originally anticipated, meaning that our guests really responded well to the value that we've provided. So when you look at the success of being bold, innovative and really delivering that kind of value, and when you look at the comp that we've had in pants and bra, it's obvious that the category that we need to be really focused on right now is tanks. And with Lee coming on as Creative Director, I mean, his first area of focus is clearly to deliver the same type of innovation both from a fabric, styling and construction standpoint that we have with the pant. So that is a very substantial opportunity for growth for us as you think about spring, summer 2016 and beyond. 
Stuart Haselden: Great. And Brian, it's Stuart. I'll speak to the -- to your SG&A question. So SG&A did come in high for the quarter versus our prior expectations. There were a few factors that explain where we landed, a couple of which we mentioned in the prepared remarks, but these -- there's really 3 things I'll call out. First, we did see about $3.4 million of increase in FX revaluation loss versus Q3 of last year. We also had about $1 million in severance that was not incorporated in our earlier estimates. And finally, consulting fees, which in total were around $2.5 million in the quarter related to our supply chain initiatives, primarily came in above our prior estimates. A portion of that was contemplated in the guidance, but there was some portion that was above what we expected. The combination of those factors accounted for over 100 basis points of deleverage that we saw in the quarter and essentially bridge us back to our original estimates. We're comfortable that these costs are onetime in nature and do not represent a permanent increase in our cost structure and really offer us an opportunity for leverage as we lap these costs into next year. And as you -- as we think about Q4, we do anticipate a meaningful amount of SG&A deleverage in Q4, and that's implied in the guidance that we gave, but to a somewhat lesser degree than what we saw in Q3. You also heard in our prepared remarks some of the factors that we pointed to that will affect SG&A in the fourth quarter, the biggest of these being the $7 million in FX gains in Q4 last year that we are now lapping. That by itself is about 100 basis points of pressure. Otherwise, we are continuing to invest in our supply chain initiatives. That's probably the largest of the factors otherwise. But we also have important investments in website redesign and our digital marketing efforts. As we look into 2016, it's -- we'll give -- we'll certainly give more detailed guidance around 2016 on our Q4 call. We'll continue to make investments to support the supply chain initiatives, which will likely be heavier in the first half of the year as we are -- as we draw closer to completing those key investments in that time frame. So hope that's helpful. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I was hoping to get an update on the idea of having kind of gross margin parity or merchandise margin parity between seasonal and core. I haven't heard you talk about that in a while, and I'm not sure where you are on that initiative at this point. 
Stuart Haselden: It's not a great way, I think, that we would explain what's going on in our gross margin picture. I think we believe our seasonal products and our core products should both offer great margins that should lead to margin expansion from where we currently are. I guess what I would say is, we're 5, 6 weeks now into Q4, and we're excited to see that the efforts that we've been making over the course of the year are starting to get traction from a product margin standpoint. As we mentioned in the opening, we are seeing stabilizing product margins that are happening now in the fourth quarter as we begin to clear some of these port-related issues. As I just mentioned a few minutes ago, air freight is an important source of leverage for us as the utilizations are coming in line with our targets and our supply chain begins to normalize. Occupancy and depreciation will also be a big point -- big part of leverage for our gross margin into -- in Q4, and then even a greater source of sequential improvement into 2016. And just to be clear, there'll still be deleverage in Q4, but just not as much as what we've seen in the earlier parts of the year related to occupancy and depreciation. FX will continue to be a headwind. We will have some increased markdowns in the fourth quarter so that we can stay on top of the inventory movement. We are committed to and aggressive in ensuring that we get our inventories rebalanced. But coming back to your question, Sharon, on sort of core versus seasonal, we are developing a merchandise segmentation strategy that will enable us to balance the product, different elements of our assortments based on the anticipated life of those, the product life of those different parts of the assortment. And that should give us an advantage in how we build supply chains to deliver those and capture margin opportunities. So again, I guess, the punchline here is that we think we should be able to deliver great margins on both seasonal and core products, and that's how we're drawing up our plans. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Sharon, looking at it from a pure product standpoint. I mean, looking at what's coming in, in spring and summer from a print technique, from a texture or from a construction standpoint. I mean I really -- I've said that all along. I mean, there's no reason why seasonal should deliver less margin than core, especially when you compound that with our scarcity strategy around the seasonal product. So we feel very confident that there shouldn't be any margin discrepancies between seasonal and core, and I actually think that we're not even thinking about seasonal and core that way anymore. And I'd love to take this opportunity to remind all of you that Miguel Almeida, who's leading digital, is on the call with us. And over the next few calls, I'd love to expose all of you to more of the management team. So obviously, digital is a center of excellence that we're building. Miguel has got a massive experience in that area. We're very excited about it and it's obviously a great opportunity for us. So if you've got questions for Miguel, don't make him feel bad for being silent here. Just ask him some questions. 
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: On the success of pants and bras and men's, what were the product classifications that had more opportunity this quarter in terms of getting to your overall comp? And Stuart, on the markdown front, what -- which classifications had the markdown? And as you guided to markdowns for the Q4 period, does that mainly have to do with what you've articulated with your warehouse sales or what should we expect in store? And then, Miguel, on your side, buy online, pick up in store and mobile, they're major ideas for integrating bricks and clicks. Just curious on what are the next major hurdles in the flagship? The Flatiron flagship has a lot of interactivity, so wondering what we can see there for the innovation ahead. 
Laurent Potdevin: So Oliver, I'll take the least amount of time to answer your question. The largest opportunity right now for us is women's tanks. And Lee and Duke on the Brighton community side have actually put a fully dedicated team to just look at that opportunity and quickly bring product to life that we're proud of and that we love. So I'll leave it at that. That's clearly the biggest opportunity, one we're focused on. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, it's Stuart. So the -- on the markdown question, there's a couple pieces there. Certainly, we have added activities, namely the physical warehouse sale, the online warehouse sale that we did earlier in the year and the 2 warehouse sales we now have teed up for the fourth quarter. Those certainly serve to increase the amount of markdowns that we have and are part of the guidance that we gave and the results in Q3. And otherwise, we are taking steps with regards to markdowns to make sure that we are staying on track with the clearance goals that we have to move through the inventory we have in an orderly manner. So in October, we did see -- we saw traffic slow in the final weeks of October. And there was some incremental markdown activity there to, again, stay on top of the inventory movement. We -- and the guidance that we have given for Q4 reflects the quarter-to-date activity and the -- as well our expectations at this point for the balance of the quarter in terms of actions we'll need to take to, again, stay on top of that inventory movement. 
Miguel Almeida: Yes, and this is Miguel. On the point of buy online and pick up in store, it's one of our critical initiatives to improve the guest experience across channels, something that our guests have been telling us that they really want to see from us. The RFID that we have in North America will enable us now to accelerate the testing, learning of those experiences, and -- but I'm mostly excited about what then the RFID technology, beacon technology, will help us learn about guest behavior as they are buying and browsing products in our stores. So that's -- it's one of the key priorities for us. We will learn significant things about the best way to implement these. The testing and learning on top of the RFID will help us do the right expansion in North America. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Miguel, I will actually take the opportunity to ask you a question because I'm very interested in the upcoming website relaunch. Can you maybe give us a little bit of highlight of some of the functionality that you're adding, maybe content that you plan to add or add over time? And how you plan to improve the overall experience comprehensively online with digital with this new website? 
Miguel Almeida: Yes. Thank you for the question, Matt. So we're very excited about the redesign coming in, in Q1. It's an outstanding opportunity for us to bring our brand content and commerce together. The current experience is very decoupled from a commerce and content perspective. The new website will allow us to bring those 2 elements into 1 cohesive experience for our guests, both across web and the mobile experience as well, but then -- and that, the redesign itself will be just step one in terms of our digital experience evolution. What gets me most interested is then the personalization capability that will come over the course of the year. We're investing significantly in building our CRM and analytics capability, and the new website will allow us to really deliver contextually relevant experiences to our guests that bring the storytelling of our product and brands into the digital space. And then we'll connect those guests with -- back with our stores as well through some of the capabilities that we were discussing before. So we're very excited about seeing the new site coming to life in Q1. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about the 300 basis points of product margin opportunity, I mean, is basically what you're saying at -- you're expecting aggregate gross margins positive in the first quarter of next year for us to think about a larger inflection in the second quarter? And then just on the phasing, I mean, is it fair to think about 200 of the 300 in 2016 with the remainder in 2017? 
Stuart Haselden: Hey, Matt, so let me try to sharpen what we said a little bit there. In Q1, we expect to see sequential improvement in gross margin year-over-year versus the prior quarter, meaning the Q4. So I think we're seeing -- we're going to see a nice sequential improvement in Q4 versus the quarter we just reported, but still will likely be down year-over-year. As we get into Q1 of 2016, we'll see a further sequential improvement in gross margin, again, as our work to improve our supply chain efficiency and all the things we mentioned takes -- gets farther along. I didn't say necessarily that gross margin in Q1 would be up. We'll give more specific guidance in -- on our Q4 call, but I think what we are comfortable committing to is that we will see a sequential improvement in Q1. We see greater opportunity in Q2 and beyond in 2016 to see a greater inflection in our product margin and gross margin opportunities, and that's a combination of, again, just being farther along in the initiatives that we have. The FOB cost improvements in particular are going to be more second half weighted than first half, and there will likely be some actions we'll take that will weigh on margins related to just getting our inventories aligned in the first quarter. So I'm not going to put a number on what that product margin improvement looks like in 2016 today. We'll be able to speak with more precision to that again on the Q4 call. But I guess, conceptually, we're just saying, given what we know now about inventory flows into the first half of 2016, we still feel confident about the order of magnitude of inflection that we can achieve being consistent with that 300 basis points pre-FX product margin back to 2014, but it's likely going to take us a little bit more time into 2017 -- first half of 2017 to fully achieve that. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up, to circle back on the inventory, what's the best way to think about the content of the excess product? And then just to be clear on that, so are you basically saying that versus your initial plan for the on-hand reduction, you really only stand 10,000 units behind plan, which is about 4% below that game plan to clear 260. Is that kind of the best way to think about where you're at today versus what you had laid out 3 months ago and then just the go-forward content? 
Stuart Haselden: That's right. I think our -- what we had laid out was 100,000 units in Q3. We came in around 90,000, so still feel good. Directionally, that keeps us on track, and we'll be able to complete that part of the plan in the fourth quarter as we had described. But again, the biggest change in the inventory outlook for Q4 is really that in-transit, the decisions we made around it, we feel strongly that those are the right calls. We think otherwise it would be shortsighted to not ensure that we're protecting our flows into the first quarter. And otherwise, not take advantage from a margin standpoint of our ability now to shift from air to ocean. The consequence of that unfortunately increases our in-transit at the end of Q4. But nonetheless, again, we feel strongly those are the right decisions. I think what we will plan to do at the end -- as part of our Q4 call, we'll break out and provide some details on our on-hand inventory levels versus the in-transit so that we can demonstrate the degree to which our on-hand inventories are coming in line, and also quantify what the impact on the -- of the in-transit increase will have been. 
Matthew Boss: Okay, great. And then just one housekeeper, are same-store sales quarter-to-date in line with the fourth quarter mid-single-digit guidance? 
Stuart Haselden: I'm sorry, can you repeat that? 
Matthew Boss: Are same-store sales so far, quarter-to-date, in line with the fourth quarter guidance for mid-single digits? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. So I think how I would answer that is that the next few weeks of the quarter in December are huge weeks from a volume standpoint. We're also up against a little tougher comparison in these weeks, and our comp assumption is probably just under the mid-single-digit range. So we're a little more conservative over the next few weeks in regards to the comp in that time frame, more conservative than we are for the quarter overall, if that makes sense. 
Chris Tham: Operator, we've now run out of time for questions. Again, thank you everyone for joining us today. We'll talk again soon. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-09-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q2 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Mr. Chris Tham. You may begin. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, CFO; along with Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecast of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information, which we've assessed, but which, by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q will be available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now, I would like turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our second quarter performance as well as give you an update on our progress surrounding our key strategic initiatives planned for the remainder of the year. Stuart will then walk you through our financials and guidance in more detail. 
 As we enter the second half of the year, our team has made significant progress to grow our global collective by relentlessly innovating our products and continuing to create transformational experiences for our guests. We have many exciting milestones to cover today: the redesign of our women's pant wall launched last week, our fourth annual SeaWheeze marathon was another exceptional success here in Vancouver, and we supported new market seeding by hosting locally relevant events in our vibrant communities around the world, including in South Korea, Scotland and Germany. 
 On the people front, we recently welcomed Miguel Almeida to lead our global digital transformation. Miguel is a global citizen with a great background, and as an avid endurance runner, is a superb fit for our culture. Miguel is a passionate champion of using the digital platform to deepen our connection with our guests through personalized experiences while also extending and amplifying brand resonance globally. I am thrilled to welcome Miguel to lululemon and truly start to leverage our digital opportunity. 
 From a business standpoint, our momentum continues to build and our fundamentals are strong. As you will recall, we entered Q2 with a robust in-stock position, and we are confident that our guests would respond favorably to our product performance. This translated into a positive impact on our top line results with $453 million in net revenue for the quarter, up 16% over the second quarter of 2014 and up 21% in constant currency. We delivered an 11% global combined comp, with strong performances both in our store and e-commerce channels. 
 The trends that we called out during our last quarter continue. In Q2, store comps across all our regions around the world were positive, and we delivered a global e-commerce comp of 35%. Our women's business continued to build momentum with a particularly strong performance in pants and bras, where both categories delivered double-digit comp for the quarter. Our men's business was up 31% on a combined comp basis, driven by our sweat category. And ivivva also posted double-digit comp growth with a 27% combined comp this quarter. 
 As we build a global iconic brand, we are expanding our footprint globally. International expansion is a key growth driver, and we continued to increase our brand presence in major cities both in Europe and Asia. Later this month, I will be heading to Dubai for our first opening in the Middle East, which will be followed by a second store before year-end. Within Asia, we've seen all of our new stores exceed initial plans. Our first store in Hong Kong, which opened this past quarter at ifc mall, is in contention to be the most productive store in the company on a per-square foot basis. We are opening our second store in Hong Kong later this quarter, with a larger format in an exceptional location at Hysan Place. This early performance, combined with our Singapore performance and the success of our store in Seoul, validates the demand for our products and brand in Asia and leaves us confident with our development plan and its trajectory. 
 Looking to Europe. Our first store in Hamburg, Germany opened late last week and another store in the London area will open tomorrow. Our Covent Garden store, which was our first store to open in the London region, and our newer King's Road store both continued to perform well. In addition, we see these stores driving incremental traffic and sales to our U.K. e-commerce site. 
 Outside of the U.K, we continued to drive brand awareness in key European markets. We have opened showrooms in Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland and France. All showrooms are performing on target and will trigger store rollout in the next 12 to 18 months. 
 Turning to products. We met another key milestone with the successful launch of our women's pant wall last week. This is such a powerful illustration of our people working together to innovate, educate and reinvent the category that we created back in 1998. We had evolved the technical design of our women's pants to focus on engineered sensation. Our innovation combines design, sports psychology and training compression science to create a carefully considered spectrum of sensations, allowing our guests to choose the right pants for her workout and unlock her performance potential. The engineered sensation spectrum within the new pant wall includes 5 categories ranging from relaxed to tight. Both new and classic styles are incorporated into these 5 categories, consisting of relaxed, naked, held-in, hugged and tight. We launched 4 brand-new styles with innovations including new constructions and engineering, seamless technologies and new fabrics such as our lulu fabric, which is engineered to be lightweight and have a soft second skin feel. 
 While it's too early to analyze and quantify guests' feedback, I am absolutely thrilled to see our educators and ambassadors respond to the product. They are and have always been the best indicator of a future product success. 
 Women's bottoms are the core of our success, and with the category performing strongly, we are looking ahead and have turned our attention to tanks with new offerings that hit the stores late in Q2 and more being expected in Q3. Our innovation is focused on varying levels of support, coverage and fit options. 
 The solid 31% comp in our men's business was driven by strong sales in the sweat category, which is the anchor of our men's business. Along with further improvements to our Metal Vent franchise, we continue to introduce new fabrics such as Intrinsic [ph] and Pima tech [ph] to support our male guests' training pursuits. That said, all men's categories, including our no-sweat and post-sweat offerings, performed well. And this result continues to validate our goal of building a $1 billion men's business globally. 
 With ivivva, our strong comp was supported by ongoing brand-building activities. Our stores and showrooms held complementary community events to connect girls to movement, such as soccer clinics held with the Ottawa Fury and increased engagement online through our #campivivva campaign. 
 Turning now to our investments within guest experience. Our RFID rollout continued in the second quarter and is expected to be completed by the end of Q3. The successful implementation of this project will not only enable seamless inventory management and labor savings in the store, but most importantly, will also unlock the potential for unique guest experience across channels. 
 Another key strategic investment is the redesign of our website to aesthetically showcase our brand. With Miguel coming onboard and as we prioritize our digital initiative for the remainder of the year, we have decided to launch our new website in Q1 of 2016. This shift in timing allows us to free up some bandwidth to focus on optimizing traffic and conversion on our current platform at a critical time of the year. It also creates more runway to fully leverage the new site design when we launch early next year. 
 Last, but not least, we would not unlock the full potential of our product and guest initiative if it wasn't for the amazing work that our brand and community team is doing growing our collective around the world. Over the summer, we completed our Get Quiet Live Loud 16-city tour and connected with thousands of our educators and ambassadors around the globe. In Hong Kong, the tour stop occurred just after the weekend opening of our ifc store, which was a great way to inspire and honestly be inspired by the amazing educators and ambassadors in Hong Kong. Each city experience was unique, and it was an opportunity to share our long-term vision with an engaged and passionate audience at every stop along the tour. 
 I personally attended 7 of those stops from Vancouver to Chicago and Shanghai. I connected with over 2,500 of our educators and ambassadors and came back energized and impressed by the collective I get to work with. 
 Last month, over 10,000 runners from around the world joined us in Vancouver for our annual Half Marathon SeaWheeze, an experience like no other. SeaWheeze showcases the heart, mind and body of lululemon and provides us with an opportunity to drive hometown brand love and build global brand awareness. In 4 years, the race has started to become a popular destination experience with 70% of runners hailing from outside of British Columbia, including the United States, Australia, Europe, South America and Asia. SeaWheeze weekend offered something for everyone, including the ultimate after-party, our Sunset Festival in Stanley Park. This year's race sold out in 35 minutes. So those of you with a half marathon on your bucket list should know that online registration for SeaWheeze 2016 is next Wednesday. 
 Some other highlights. We have partnered with O2X, a company started by former Navy SEALs with the goal of maximizing human performance. As the exclusive apparel partner of the O2X Summit series, we have created unique outdoor experiences that present more than just a physical challenge. The people at O2X are just as passionate about mindfulness as we are, making this a great fit for our partnership. 
 The O2X Summit series races take place in 3 months in locations in British Columbia, Colorado and New Hampshire. 
 Over the next couple of months, we will launch our own [ph] Canada campaign through both our stores and online channels to celebrate our Canadian roots during the month of October and Canadian Thanksgiving. And we just launched Unroll Europe [ph], a lululemon-sponsored yoga tour across key cities in Europe and the U.K. including London, Paris, Zurich, Munich and Stockholm. We continue to build brand awareness in these cities to support our store and showroom activities already underway. 
 Finally, this year's investments in our product engine and supply chain are creating the solid foundation to support our long-term growth plans. The complexity of building a global, scalable infrastructure while expanding product offering and geographic footprint has created near-term pressure to gross margin. We have enhanced our current teams with additional resources and are laser-focused on this short-term issue. We are confident in our long-term outlook and ability to deliver on the improvements we've committed to in 2016 and beyond. Stuart will provide more color within his comments on our strategic investments and goal for gross margin expansion, in addition to more details about our outlook around inventory levels. 
 In conclusion. Our team has accomplished some great work in the first half of the year, and with a culture grounded in innovation, we are relentlessly striving to create a better experience for our guests. We are amplifying our voice and we are building our collective around the world. We have a robust pipeline of new products and the right team in place to execute on our strategic goals with key initiatives that cut across product, brand and guest experience. To all of our educators, store managers and ambassadors, and our entire collective: I'm so grateful for your energy and I'm proud to work alongside you as we grow this bold, audacious, innovative global brand. 
 I'll now turn things over to Stuart to review our financial results and provide guidance for the upcoming quarter and full fiscal year. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our second quarter in 2015, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year 2015. 
 For Q2, total net revenue rose 16% to $453 million from $390.7 million in the second quarter of 2014. The increase in revenue was driven by total constant-dollar comparable sales growth of 11%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 6% and a 35% growth online; also, square footage growth of 24% versus last year, driven by the addition of 66 net new company-operated stores since Q2 of 2014: 39 net new stores in the United States, 3 stores in Canada, 1 store in Australia, 3 in Europe, 3 in Asia and 17 ivivva stores; and offset by the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $20.3 million or 4.5%. 
 During the second quarter, we opened 20 net new company-operated stores: 9 in the U.S., 1 in Canada, 2 in Europe, 2 in Asia and 6 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 336 total stores versus 270 a year ago. There are now 250 stores in our comp base: 40 of those in Canada, 163 in the United States, 28 in Australia and New Zealand, 1 in Europe and 18 ivivva. At the end of Q2, we also have a total of 82 showrooms in operation: 28 lululemon showrooms in North America, 17 internationally and 37 ivivva. 
 Company-operated stores represented 75% of total revenue or $339.8 million versus 75.3% or $294 million in the second quarter of last year. 
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $82.2 million or 18.2% of total revenue versus $63.5 million or 16.2% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-ups and outlets, totaled $31 million or 6.8% of revenue for the second quarter versus $33.2 million or 8.5% of revenue in the second quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $212 million or 46.8% of net revenue compared to $197.3 million or 50.5% of net revenue in Q2 2014. The factors which contributed to this 370 basis point decline in gross margin were: a 110 basis points of product margin decline, of which half was attributable to the cost variances primarily related to the port slowdown, and the balance resulting from selling mix and raw material liabilities actions taken in the quarter; 30 basis points attributable to higher markdowns, primarily due to the online warehouse sale we held this quarter; 50 basis points deleverage due to higher airfreight costs; 70 basis points deleverage due to the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar; and 110 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation, which was related to our international expansion, renewals of existing stores and higher lease costs associated with an increase in major renovations and relocations. 
 SG&A expenses were $145.4 million or 32.1% of net revenue compared with $129.4 million or 33.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 12% SG&A dollar increase is due to the following: an increase in operating expenses associated with new and existing stores, showrooms and outlets, including costs related to our international expansion; increased variable operating costs associated with the growth in our e-commerce business; and increased head office costs associated with strategic investments and growth in the business. These were partially offset with net foreign exchange gains driven from the revaluation of monetary assets in our foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which, on translation, also decreased reported SG&A by $10.2 million or 2%.
 As a result, operating income for the quarter was $66.6 million or 14.7% of net revenue compared with $67.9 million or 17.4% of net revenue in Q2 2014. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $19.8 million or a tax rate of 29.3% compared to $21 million or a tax rate of 30.1% in the second quarter of 2014. 
 Net income for the quarter was $47.7 million or $0.34 per diluted share compared to net income of $48.7 million or $0.33 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2014. There was effectively a nominal impact to earnings from foreign currency this quarter. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 141.644 million versus 145.544 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 987,616 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $63.96 per share. 
 Capital expenditures were $37.2 million for the quarter compared to $26.7 million in the second quarter last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $541.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $280.6 million or 55% higher than at the end of the second quarter of 2014. 
 As a reminder, compounding the year-over-year comparison for Q2 is the fact that we were significantly under-inventoried for Q2 last year, with effectively no sequential build in our stock position from Q1 to Q2. So there are timing differences this year. 
 Also, during our last call, we indicated inventory levels would remain elevated as we manage through the impact of the port delays and implement our exit strategies. The good news here is that our supply chain has normalized and we are now flowing inventory on schedule. However, our reported inventories will continue to look elevated as late product from the first half of the year now combines with on-time flows, and in some cases, early flows for the second half. 
 In Q2, we saw some early receipts of Q3 product as well as higher in-transit. It is important to note that our outlook on inventory levels remains the same, and we are on track with the strategy outlined during our last call. As a reminder, we identified opportunities to reflow approximately 2/3 of the late-arriving inventory into our second half assortments at full price with little incremental markdown risk. The remaining 1/3 will be sold down through our normal exit channels, which includes our outlet stores, online warehouse sales and physical warehouse sales. As you know, we conducted the first of these exit actions through our Q2 online warehouse sale that delivered good results and keeps us on track. We expect inventory to be better aligned with our forward sales trends by the end of the year. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2015. We expect the momentum seen in our Q2 results to carry into the third quarter and now expect Q3 revenue to be in the range of $477 million to $482 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the high single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2014 and assumes the Canadian dollar at $0.76 to the U.S. dollar compared to our prior assumption of $0.80 and 17 new store openings: 11 lululemon stores and 6 ivivva. In fact, through the first 5 weeks of Q3, we have seen positive store comps across all regions, reflecting the continued momentum of our business. 
 We anticipate our gross margin in the third quarter to be approximately 47%. We will see product margin pressures in Q3 with certain of the trends that influenced Q2 extending into the current quarter. Airfreight will remain a headwind, but will improve sequentially. Occupancy and depreciation deleverage as well as foreign exchange will continue to weigh on gross margin in Q3. 
 We expect SG&A in the third quarter to delever slightly from Q3 2014 due to strategic investments as well as the anniversary-ing of incentive compensation reversals last year. You may recall that SG&A in Q3 of last year included a nonrecurring benefit of $3.5 million related to incentive compensation accrual reversals. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and a 141.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.37 per share. 
 For the full year 2015, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $2,025,000,000 to $2,055,000,000. We remain on plan to open 60 company-operated stores, which includes up to 8 new stores in Asia and Europe and also 20 ivivva stores. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to delever from 2014, impacted by the factors we mentioned earlier. Quarterly gross margin will be sequentially better in Q4 and benefit from improved airfreight levels, coupled with stabilized merchandise margins and less deleverage of fixed costs due to the high sales volumes generated during Q4. 
 We expect slight deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2014, driven by continued strategic investments in guest experience, our website, brand and IT systems. We now expect a net impact to earnings from foreign exchange for the year to increase from approximately $0.06 to $0.07 per share when compared to fiscal year 2014. 
 As a result, we expect operating margin to delever from 2014 and our fiscal year 2015 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.87 to $1.92. This is based off of a 141.8 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q2 of 2015 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 30.2%. 
 We expect capital expenditures to range between $135 million to $140 million for the fiscal year 2015, reflecting new store openings including outlets, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments. 
 In closing, we are excited to see momentum building in our business. We are pleased with the progress we are making across all of our strategic initiatives, including our supply chain improvements, which are the underpinnings of how we will deliver recovery in our product margins into next year. Specifically, the investments we have made in our go-to-market process, combined with identified logistics and distribution efficiencies, position us to deliver on our margin expansion goals into next year. And while our inventory levels now are higher than we'd like, the product is very current and we are on track to work down excess levels and rebalance in the second half of the year. 
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, two questions. I guess, Stuart first. Just looking at your current gross margin guidance now for 2015, has your view changed on the opportunity? I think we've talked about 300 basis points, I think, of merchandise margin recovery for next year. Or what buckets maybe that's going to come from? So just curious there on has your view changed for next year's opportunity. And then on the comments that all regions are comping positive, so just think about your most mature stores in Canada, what would you point to as being the biggest changes you have made there in restimulating that oldest class of stores? 
Laurent Potdevin: Brian, this is Laurent. Before I let Stuart dig into the gross margin question, I think that what you're seeing in Canada is really the result of the work that we've done across product innovation, guest experience and brand and community and the quality of the assortments. So we are very, very pleased about, after 12 quarters of declining comps in Canada, we're actually seeing positive comps and we are seeing the same results in Australia. So I think it's really -- we've been speaking for quite some time now about the triangle of guest experience, brand and community and product coming together, and when you think about the recent launch of our new pant wall, I mean, that was a prime example of the power of our teams collaborating and coming together and really delivering what we are known for. So -- and it's certainly paying off in our most mature market, being Canada. And before we get into the details of gross margin, I mean, I think it's -- and I'm sure we'll have a lot of questions on gross margin. I mean, it's really, really important for everybody to understand that the short-term gross margin pressure that we are experiencing is not the result of higher markdowns or quality issues. We're building a very scalable, complex platform at a time when we're growing internationally. And we've added resources to the team, and we've validated that not only we will see the margin expansion that we've committed to, but we'll see it in 2016 and beyond, as we have stated before. 
Stuart Haselden: And Brian, we remain confident in the product margin opportunities that we have identified for 2016. We continue to build out the details of our implementation plans this year. As a reminder, that opportunity we identified was a 300 basis point improvement in product margins in 2016 versus 2014. The full year amounts for those annual comparisons, that's on a pre-FX basis. And it's the same things that we've been talking about. We'll capture this through primarily the improvements in our go-to-market calendar process, improvements that will deliver lower airfreight, improved raw material management and better costing. And additionally, as you look at gross margin, the other buckets that -- and there are other things weighing heavily on gross margins this year. We'll begin to leverage our infrastructure investments that we've been making this year, but we should also see markdowns normalize. And occupancy and depreciation costs should moderate into next year. We expect it'll still be a headwind, but not to the same degree as it has been this year. It'll be more in line with what our historical experience has been. As you then think about that -- those goals and connecting that to the results we just announced for Q2, the guidance for Q3 and Q4, I think the issues that are weighing on product margins this quarter and in Q -- and that we see extending into Q3 are not structural, that we'll be able to clear the port-related items that we've seen weighing on our margins and the other factors that I just mentioned as we get into next year. In Q4 specifically, we'll clear those port-related issues. That will not be -- that will not weigh on our margins. We'll see some modest product margin recovery in Q4. That will combine with better leverage on our fixed costs in the fourth quarter just from the higher sales levels in the fourth quarter. So hopefully, that's addressing your question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Alexander with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Paul Alexander: Just a little clarification on current trends in the comp guidance. There has been some comments that sales trends continue to build and accelerate sequentially, but the comp guidance for third quarter of high single digits, while only a small moderation, does imply a moderation from 2Q. So is there something we should be thinking about? Or did you maybe see a deceleration in August related to the Labor Day -- later Labor Day or something else that we should be thinking about? 
Stuart Haselden: So on the comps, we continue to see strong trends in traffic and conversion, sequential improvements in both of those, and that's across all our regions. So I would not want you to take away anything from the guidance that our comp momentum is slowing down in any way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: Can you talk to the -- can you please speak to the tactical strategies to bring inventory more in line with expectations? And then related to that, from our checks, the response to the new pants offering has been exceptional, but we have seen some instances of out-of-stocks. Is the product flow for the new pants offering in line with your expectations? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, so I'll tackle the inventory clearance question first. So we're on track to what we had talked about last quarter. So we had described, and I think we've reiterated in our prepared remarks, that we had about 1/3 of the excess identified to be pushed through our normal exit channels and about 2/3 will be the reflow into our assortments in the second half. We had a successful online warehouse sale in the second quarter that enabled us to clear a little less than half of the excess overhang that we had from Q1. We have 2 physical warehouse sales planned for the balance of the year: one in Q3, one in Q4. And we're -- we also are opening 8 additional factory outlet stores this year. So the combination of those factors gives us the bandwidth or the capability to easily work through that excess, on plan with what we had previously outlined. 
Tara Poseley: And then this is Tara and I can answer about out-of-stock. We've had really good initial reads on the pant wall, but we absolutely have inventory that we are in the process of allocating to stores. So those out-of-stocks that you may have perhaps seen, we did a big push of inventory prior to Labor Day weekend and you should see those level out as we get into the coming weeks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Laurent, first question, bigger picture. I have seen the new pant wall, looks great. As we think about you reintroducing product, launching new innovation, new product going forward, how are you thinking about pricing? Can you just talk higher level your thoughts on updating pricing strategies overall? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, I think I'll go back to our products used always to be at the top end of the pyramid of the market that we've created. And as we look at new categories or at innovation of our current categories, I mean, we are very much pushing our teams both from a design standpoint and from a functional standpoint with white space and in collaboration with our ambassadors to really create products that are going to drive function and design at the top end. So I mean, we're not seeing ourselves being limited by pricing at all, as long as we deliver the value for our guests both from a function and from a design standpoint. 
Matthew McClintock: And Stuart, if I -- just a housekeeping question. The relaunch of the website, now that that's, I believe, in the first quarter of next year, is that having any impact at all on your comp guidance for the full year? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, not really. I think it was more a decision to allow a little more runway to get the website exactly where we wanted it. We also had the benefit now of having Miguel on the team, and his leadership is critical in that area. And it helps the team remain focused on optimizing business in the critical fourth quarter as well, versus trying to manage also a major website implementation. So just felt like the right decision given those circumstances, and it really isn't -- it's not weighing on the comp guidance in any way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: You've had acceleration in the men's business, wondering any more detail there. On the pant wall, I believe you're introducing the tank wall in the second -- in the fourth quarter. Pricing on the tank wall versus pricing of tanks now and how do you expect that to be different than the introduction of the pant wall? And just lastly, you mentioned a bit about occupancy. How is renegotiating of existing leases changing your overall occupancy costs? 
Tara Poseley: Dana, it's Tara. So we're really pleased with the men's business, as you heard from Laurent's prepared remarks, a 31% comp in the men's business, and we're really seeing acceleration across all categories within men's. But a real highlight that we're excited about is the sweat category and continue to see strength in that area, which is really the foundation of our men's athletic business. And we've been introducing new fabrics this year that are reinforcing our sweat platform. We had a new fabric, Intrinsic [ph], in Q1. We have Pima tech [ph] coming in Q3, very pleased with that. As for the tank wall, just to remind everybody, we had focused on the tank wall for Q2. Due to the port strike slowdown, we didn't get our tanks styled in until the very end of Q2. We saw nice response and comp trend change when we finally got our full range of support and tanks out in the stores. You'll continue to see new styles throughout Q3 and Q4 being added to the tank wall. And we're taking all of the great learnings that we're getting right now and incorporating that into our assortment for next year in 2016. And as for pricing, as Laurent said, where it warrants, where we're adding innovation, where we feel that we have that balance of really driving something new and different to our guests, we'll be pricing it appropriately within our tank pricing structure. 
Stuart Haselden: And Dana, on your question on occupancy. I think the remodels -- or the renewals are an element of the pressure we've seen. We have great landlords, great relationships and are driving, I think, good terms there. As you look at the pressure, particularly in Q2, the new store opening cadence is really a bigger factor. We opened 20 stores in the second quarter compared to 7 last year. So just the year-over-year increase in new store openings is a bigger factor. Also the international stores we're opening, we've mentioned this before, come at a little higher occupancy costs and oftentimes include key money, which gets factored into that occupancy amortization. So those are probably bigger factors for us. We've also -- we're excited about the major renovations and relocations that we've also been pursuing and that also weighs into it, but it's smaller than just the new store opening cadence. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Nomura Securities. 
Robert Drbul: I'd just like to ask about the international expansion a little bit. I think you're pretty happy with some of the stores that you're seeing, Asia exceeding initial plans. Can you talk a little bit about the profitability ramp that you see? And do you believe we'll be able to get to current or peak prior operating margins? And how the store opening expenses are trending from that perspective? 
Stuart Haselden: Bob, on international, some very exciting new store openings. I think Laurent mentioned the ifc Centre in Hong Kong. That store is contending for the highest sales per square foot in our company. And on a four-wall basis, very attractive operating four-wall profit. And so in general, we're happy with the new stores we're opening internationally. Pleased with the results in Europe. Asia has been really off the charts, that's on a four-wall basis. We are making significant investments in terms of the management teams to drive these regional businesses, marketing to support the store openings and building the supply chain to support these businesses. So it'll take us a while to get a critical mass to be able to leverage those investments. I think what we've said earlier in the year in regards to just the operating profit profile, we believe international will weigh on the company's operating margins, at least in the near to medium term. We're expecting to, over the next few years, to return to that low to mid-20s EBIT margin range, with the North American business being more in the mid-range of that -- of the 20%, 20% to 25% range, and international averaging it down, if that makes sense. So it'll continue to weigh on it. We're excited in terms of just the four-wall profit. We're excited about that as a long-term growth strategy for the company, and we're confident that we'll be able to drive operating profit improvements into the near term. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Bob, maybe to add to that a little bit. I mean, we're very -- when it comes to our international strategy, I mean, we're very, very focused on capital cities, where we know we've got a lot of demand and we're generating a lot of traffic and transactions. And as we deal with the same topics that we're on [ph] with digital and Miguel, we're coming up with some very exciting and nimble ways to really build brand resonance and brand awareness beyond those major cities, without necessarily spreading stores very rapidly throughout many countries. So I think we've been very strategic in focusing on the major cities and leveraging digital to grow brand resonance and awareness beyond those cities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dorothy Lakner with Topeka Capital. 
Dorothy Lakner: Just a question on the store renovations and relocations. Just wondered how many -- just remind us how many you're doing this year, how many you might do next year and how those -- the new formats are performing. Santa Monica looks great, by the way. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. So we're going to do 10 of those major renovations, remodels this year. That's on top of the 3 from last year that we had mentioned. Some of the 10 that we'll do this year include the expansion of our Park Royal store here in Vancouver, the opening -- the relocation of our Union Square store in New York to a location on Fifth Avenue in the Flatiron area, expansion of our Chinook Center, and expansion of our West Edmonton stores. So those are all major remodels, expansions, where the square footage is growing by at least 50% or in that range or higher, in some cases. And the majority of those are still teed up for the second half of the year, so I can't really give a good indication on how those particular projects are performing. But I will say the ones that we've mentioned from last year, Robson, Santa Monica, Lincoln Road, all continue to exceed expectations. In fact, Robson Street is on track to become the highest grossing sales-producing store in the chain at over $20 million this year. And I might remind you that before we relocated that store, it was an $11 million store. So a pretty strong outcome in that relocation that gives us a lot of enthusiasm to continue to look for opportunities similar to that throughout the chain. We think this will be an important part of the square footage growth story of the company in a very profitable manner in the years to come, but we're excited for that. We'll be able to speak with more details around how the openings this year and the projects this year are performing on our next call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Filandro with Susquehanna. 
Thomas Filandro: Two questions. One is on the direct-to-consumer front, nice growth again. You got expansion in the margins there. I'd be curious if you can give us some insight on what drove the acceleration in expansion. And with the OPM and DTC now at 40% plus, is that a sustainable rate? And then a question, I think, for Tara. I believe there's been some pricing adjustments on pants, some up and some down, if that's correct. Can you just give us an understanding of what's happening, frame for us the adjustments and how should we think about averaging of retail in the second half of the year? 
Stuart Haselden: Thomas, I'll tackle your direct question first. So we continue to see strength in traffic and conversion in our e-commerce business. It's really the continuation of the story that we saw from Q1. And we think a big piece of this is simply the improved inventory position that we're now in. We're able to better meet demands, and I think in the second quarter, we had some interesting product flows that supported just the conversion. As we talked about, we have a major website remodel or relaunch, I should say, teed up for next year. So we feel good about where our website is today. We think we can be better. So we're very excited to see the continued momentum in the direct business and we, by no means, think we've topped out there. We believe there's still opportunity to be had as we continue to enhance and improve not only the website capabilities, but just how we engage with our customers via digital marketing and otherwise. 
Tara Poseley: And then this is Tara and I'll take on the pricing. With -- we had an opportunity recently to just really clean up our pricing architecture within the pant classification. So you are right, there are some prices that came down and some prices that came up as we really just cleaned up the architecture to make it easier for our educators to educate against our different styles. And then obviously, you could see the innovation that we launched in the pant wall and we're very excited about that and very excited our guest response and continues to reinforce as we deliver innovation to our guest. She's excited about it and sees the value in it. As for the average unit retail for the remainder of the year, probably slight increase, but really that was not the reason for this. It was really just cleaning up our pricing architecture and really continuing to make way for us to bring in more innovation into all of our assortments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Stuart, in terms of the supply chain and the next chapters here, could you just brief us on catalysts as you think about the sourcing partners, the go-to-market timing and when that may be, which classifications or timing may that be implemented? And then as you think about omni-channel in your supply chain, I was just curious. And Tara and Laurent, I was just curious about the pant wall and the men's. As a percentage of mix, do you expect those classifications to change over time? And then Tara, on core versus basics, were there any thoughts about how you're feeling about that mix at the moment and going forward? 
Stuart Haselden: Oliver, so yes, on the supply chain catalysts, it's the things we've been talking about in terms of how the go-to-market calendar will synchronize. Our design and sourcing activities enable us to be a better partner to our vendors, more predictable demand management and a better synchronized process, where we can ring [ph] efficiencies and reduce waste in fabric and expedited shipping costs. So those all remain the focus. Our planning continues to ramp this year and the team's -- and the capabilities to support that are the investments that we're making this year. The timing remains the 300 basis points, as I had described it earlier, over the course of 2016 in comparison to 2014. 
Tara Poseley: Oliver, so the pant wall as a percent to the mix, I don't see that changing dramatically over time. Pant wall is our first place that we really tackled and launch with new innovation, but you'll continue to see that in other categories within both men's and women's. So I'm expecting our mix to relatively stay the same between tops and bottoms and jackets, et cetera. And then the balance of, I think, you said core versus basic. Really, the balance, how we think about it is seasonal and core. I think we've struck a very nice balance that we have in the stores right now. We know with seasonal how important newness is to our guests, how important delivering new products every week and the excitement that, that drives both online and guests coming into the store. So we feel really confident that we've got a nice balance as we go forward. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, to Tara's point, I mean, I think that we started with -- we focused initially on the pant category and that's really the anchor of our women's business. That's what drives traffic and what ultimately drives sort of multiple purchases in the stores. So I mean, that's why we really don't see the mix changing, but actually driving higher sales in all of our categories. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about SG&A, beyond this year, what's the best way to think about the total expense dollar growth in relation to sales growth? Just any color around remaining investments. And do we need to consider the timing of the website shift into next year as maybe an additional build? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, so yes, I think as we look at the near to medium term, we expect to be able to see modest SG&A leverage into next year. I'm going to balance that with just the ongoing strategic investments that we're going to continue to make in the business. It will have priority to enable us to continue to drive our growth initiatives. So that -- we'll balance those two objectives for sure. But ensuring we have the resources and the capabilities to deliver on our growth goals is the primary factor to consider there. In looking at Q2 and Q3, the leverage that we saw in Q2 was affected by the FX translation. For the P&L overall, FX was neutral, as we mentioned, but there was a benefit in the second quarter there. In Q3, the slight deleverage that we're calling out is related to, again, those strategic investments. And specifically, in the third quarter, we are anniversary-ing that comp -- that incentive comp reversal from last year. So that creates some comparative pressure this year. But again, I think we'll remain focused on making the investments we need and -- as well as working to deliver modest SG&A improvements. 
Operator: Thank you. This includes the question-and-answer portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris for closing remarks. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll talk to you again in the quarter. Goodbye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-06-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica First Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. 
 I would now turn the call over to your host, Chris Tham, Senior Vice President of Finance. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; Stuart Haselden, CFO; along with Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information which we have assessed, but which by its nature, is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. 
 Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. 
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] 
 And now I will turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will provide a brief overview of our first quarter performance as well as give you an update on our progress with the key strategic initiatives planned for 2015. Stuart will then walk you through our financials and guidance in more detail. 
 We delivered strong results in our first quarter despite headwinds from weather, port-related delays and foreign exchange impact. Specifically, we delivered first quarter revenues above the high end of our guidance, generating overall comparable sales growth of 6%, driven in part by a 31% increase in our e-commerce channel. 
 Within our North American business, we saw another quarter of positive combined comps and a nice acceleration in our e-commerce business in both the U.S. and Canada. Our women's business once again delivered positive comps in the quarter, driven by our bottoms category. Our guests responded well to our assortment in the quarter, despite the impact of product flows coming out of the port disruption. We have seen an acceleration in our business in the latter part of the quarter as our inventory positions began to improve, validating our new product flow and assortment.  
 Additionally, we saw further ramp in our men's business, delivering a 19%  comp, and finally, ivivva delivered a 29% comp on a combined basis. We achieved this growth across our key categories despite the challenges related to the West Coast port disruptions. We look forward to seeing how our guests respond in Q2 and through the second half of the year when our product assortments are properly balanced by season and in quantity. 
 We ended the first quarter with elevated inventory level as a result of the port-related delays. However, we are finally reaching better in-stock positions and are confident in our plans to work through this inventory with no impact on brand equity and minimal markdown risk. Stuart will provide additional color on this during his remarks. 
 Before getting into further details on the quarter, I would like to pause and offer my sincere gratitude to Delaney Schweitzer, who left lululemon at the end of last month after 13 years with our collective. Under her leadership, Delaney developed incredible leaders, and as a result, we have a deep bench of talent poised to lead our global retail business. We are empowering these leaders to oversee the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe. 
 Collectively, our retail leadership team brings history, experience, passion and commitment to our culture. Their energy will inspire our people and fuel our growth. 
 Our expansion into international markets continue to be a key growth driver. In Asia, we opened our second store in Singapore at Takashimaya shopping center on May 13 and have already seen fantastic results well ahead of our expectations. Additionally, our initial store in Ion mall continues to outperform our plan, and we are eagerly anticipating the opening of our first Hong Kong store at ifc mall, which we expect to be amongst our most productive stores across our global portfolio. We also have plans to open a second store in Hong Kong in Q3 in Hysan Place located in the heart of Causeway Bay. Last but not least, we are on track to open our first store in Dubai in Q3 of this year. 
 On our last call, I outlined both our short- and long-term goals as a growth company, building a global iconic brand across geographies and new categories, and we continue to make strategic investments in the key elements of our brand operating model: one, our product; two, our guest experience; and three, our brand and community. Beginning with product, we continue to see the benefits of the ongoing work on our product engine connected within Tara's group. Our design ecosystem is leveraging our culture of innovation, and we are achieving this by expanding our design organization and through our relentless focus on functional innovation. 
 A key component of this process is the deep relationship and feedback loop we have built with our ambassador [ph] community. Our ambassadors are real-life inspirational leaders in their communities who live the sweat life to its full extent, 365 days a year. They are an integral part of the product development process. Our ambassadors sweat in our product then give us valuable feedback to assist our whitespace R&D group. They truly love being a part of our early product design cycle, and we are always looking at new ways to deepen this aspect of our relationship with them. 
 Turning to some specific product highlights from the last quarter. We saw continued momentum in our women's pants business. Our earlier work to reinvigorate this key category continues to pay off. As an example, our wunder under franchise is performing extremely well, especially with the addition of new styles over last year. These strong positive signals bode very well for the relaunch of our pant wall expected [ph] in Q3. 
 And our tank line is evolving as well with the introduction of higher-support construction, more diverse coverage options and a wider selection of fits. This initial new offerings are hitting our stores in late Q2 and into Q3, and we look forward to creating the same level of excitement and energy with our tanks as we did with our bottoms. These efforts will continue to inform the full relaunch of the tank wall in the first half of 2016. 
 We are thrilled to see the accelerated momentum in the men's business as evidenced by its 19% comp, and we have expanded option within popular categories, including our Metal Vent tech T-shirts, which further reinforced the strong growth of our foundational sweat business. We are also experimenting with different store formats and shopping experiences aimed at our male guests. The Joinery, currently found in our men's SoHo store in New York and Robson store in Vancouver, allows a personalized experience where guys can customize the function of their shorts on the spot. The concept of The Joinery is firmly rooted in a function-first approach, letting men craft their own workout gear. 
 Creating an authentic best-in-class guest experience is the second key area of investment. We continued to strengthen our omni-channel capabilities with projects targeting improvement both in-store and online. For example, our website is undergoing a full global redesign to ensure we have a scalable transactional platform that will allow us to showcase a broader assortment of product online, better enable product storytelling and deepen our product education capabilities. Some key features will include enhancement to the checkout process and targeted recommendations, while ensuring the site is optimized across any device. Phase 1 will launch in the latter part of this year and prior to holidays. 
 The final key area of investment for this year is within our brand community efforts. We continue to see the highest engagement with our guests when we powerfully tell our product stories in a way that is locally relevant for them. As I mentioned earlier, we recognize and embrace the power of our ambassador community, and this past quarter, we hosted 130 of them from around the world at our annual ambassador summit in Whistler, British Columbia. Our goal for this year's summit was to intentionally deepen the integration between our local educators, our support center team, whitespace and our global ambassador community. 
 And just last week, just last Friday actually, in Vancouver, we kicked off a 16-city global tour, where we will connect with many facets of our collective, including our educators, store support teams and ambassadors. Our educators absolutely never cease to amaze me. They are the best at what they do and hold the most important job within the company. They create authentic connections with our guests by listening to their passions, understanding their needs and how they like to sweat, and most importantly, encouraging them in studying, pursuing and celebrating their goals. This, too, is one way to express our gratitude and connect with thousands of our educators and ambassadors around the globe. Our brand lives within our people, and during the tour, we will reaffirm our mission and create our future together. 
 In conclusion, lululemon is a powerful and unique brand, and our core values will continue to guide our future. Our business model gives us full control of the experiences we are creating, and we are relentless in our pursuit of innovation in everything that we do, resulting in unparalleled guest loyalty. We have made the shift from playing defense to playing offense, and we have set a course of sustainable and profitable growth both within North America and in our global market. 
 Before turning the call over to Stuart, I would like to express my gratitude to the entire lululemon collective who makes up our iconic brand. It is our combined passion and commitment that will allow us to capitalize on the many opportunities that lie ahead. 
 I'll now turn things over to Stuart for a more thorough review of our financial results and guidance. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our first quarter in 2015, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the second quarter and the full year of fiscal 2015. 
 For Q1, total revenue rose 10.1% to $423.5 million from $384.6 million in the first quarter of 2014. The increase in revenue was driven by total comparable sales growth on a combined basis, including e-commerce of 6%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales decrease of 1%; and a 31% growth online, all on a constant-dollar basis; also, square footage growth of 21.8% versus last year, driven by the addition of 53 net new company-operated stores since Q1 of 2014, 35 net new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 1 store in New Zealand, 1 in Europe, 1 in Asia and 13 ivivva stores. 
 This was offset by both the impact of the West Coast port disruption, as we indicated during our Q4 call, and the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, the latter of which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $15.2 million or 3.6%. During the quarter, we opened 14 net new company-operated stores, 6 in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 7 ivivva. We entered the quarter with 316 total stores versus 263 a year ago.  
 There are now 240 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 158 in the United States, 27 in Australia and New Zealand, 1 in Europe and 15 ivivva. At the end of Q1, we also have a total of 86 showrooms in operation, 34 of lululemon showrooms in North America, 15 internationally and 37 ivivva.  Company-operated stores represented 74.2% of total revenue or $314.1 million versus 74.9% or $288.1 million in the first quarter of last year. 
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $83.6 million or 19.7% of total revenue versus $66 million or 17.3% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-ups and outlets, totaled $25.8 million or 6.1% of revenue for the first quarter versus $30.5 million or 7.9% of revenue in the first quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $205.9 million or 48.6% of net revenue compared to $195.7 million or 50.9% of net revenue in Q1 2014. The factors which contributed to this 230 basis point decline in gross margin were: a 100 basis point of deleverage due to higher airfreight costs incurred primarily to mitigate the West Coast port delays. It should be noted that the market for airfreight in Q1 was highly competitive and rates and surcharges increased significantly toward the end of the quarter; 70 basis points deleverage due to foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar; 30 basis points deleverage from continued strategic investments in our product and supply chain functions; and 130 basis points deleverage from occupancy and depreciation, consistent with our guidance from last quarter. This was mostly due to higher lease costs associated with larger store formats and increase in major renovations and relocations and our international expansion. These items were offset with 100 basis points of improvement in our product margins over prior year. 
 SG&A expenses were $137.8 million or 32.5% of net revenue compared with $125.9 million or 32.7% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 9.4% SG&A dollar increase is due to the following: an increase in operating expenses associated with new and existing stores, showrooms and outlets, including costs related to our international expansion; increased variable operating costs associated with the growth in our e-commerce business; and higher foreign exchange losses from the revaluation of monetary assets in our foreign subsidiaries. These increases were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which, on translation, also decreased reported SG&A by $8.4 million or 6%. 
 As a result, operating income for the quarter was $68 million or 16.1% of net revenue compared with $69.8 million or 18.2% of net revenue in Q1 of 2014. Tax expense for the quarter was $20.8 million or a tax rate of 30.3% compared to $52.5 million or a tax rate of 73.4% in the first quarter of 2014. As a reminder, last year's tax expense in the first quarter included the impact of the decision to repatriate cash from our Canadian subsidiary to our U.S. parent company to fund the share repurchase program, which triggered a tax charge of $30.9 million in Q1 of 2014. 
 Net income for the quarter was $47.8 million or $0.34 per diluted share compared to net income of $19 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2014. This includes the year-over-year negative net impact from foreign currency of $0.03 per share versus our expectations of $0.01 per share impact. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 142.3 million versus 145.9 million a year ago, which takes into account the weighted impact of 300,000 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $66.51 per share. Capital expenditures were $27.9 million for the quarter compared to $25.4 million in the first quarter of last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $655.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $236.5 million or 31% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2014. Late product deliveries as a result of the West Coast port issues elevated our inventory levels on hand and in transit at the end of the quarter. These late Q1 deliveries will combine with on-time deliveries in Q2 as our supply chain cadence normalizes, and as a result, our inventories will remain elevated for the next couple of quarters. 
 Compounding the year-over-year comparison for Q2 is the fact that we were significantly under-inventoried for Q2 of last year, with essentially a 0 build in stock levels from Q1. All that being said, we are glad to now be in a strong in-stock position and have identified a number of strategies to work through these elevated product levels that will minimize markdown risk. 
 Specifically, this is great product, and we have identified opportunities to reflow approximately 2/3 of this late-arriving inventory into our second half assortments at full price, with little incremental markdown risk. The remaining 1/3 of these late arrivals will be sold down through our normal exit channels, which include our outlet stores, online warehouse sales and physical warehouse sales. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year of 2015. As Laurent mentioned, it has been good to see our comps accelerate at the end of Q1 and into the first 5 weeks of Q2 as our inventory position improved. In particular, we have seen a strong guest response through our new spring and summer products. And with continuing momentum, our Canadian stores are now seeing a positive comp sales trend in Q2, driven in part by higher conversion. And likewise, our U.S. stores are also posting a strong comp store sales trend in the initial weeks of the quarter.   
 As a result, we are -- we now expect Q2 revenue to be in the range of $440 million to $445 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the high single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2014 and assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.80 to the U.S. dollar and 18 new store openings: 13 lululemon stores and 5 ivivva. 
 We anticipate our gross margin in the second quarter to be in the range of 48% to 49%. As we had discussed last quarter, we continue to expect to see merchandise margin stabilize and strengthen relative to last year, with offsets in foreign exchange, deleverage from continued investments in our product and supply chain functions and store occupancy and depreciation. 
 Airfreight costs will remain a headwind in Q2 before abating in the second half of the year. We expect SG&A in the second quarter to delever slightly from Q2 of 2014. Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and a 142.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.31 to $0.33 per share. 
 For the full year 2015, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $2 billion to $2.05 billion. We remain on plan to open 60 company-operated stores, which includes up to 8 new stores in Asia and Europe and also 20 ivivva stores. We expect gross margin for the year to delever from 2014, with merchandise margin stabilizing, but more than offset by the factors we mentioned earlier. We expect some deleverage in full year SG&A versus 2014, driven by continued strategic investments in guest experience, our website, brand and our IT systems. 
 We now expect a net impact to earnings from foreign exchange for the year to increase from approximately $0.04 to $0.06 per share when compared to fiscal year 2014. As a result, we expect operating margin to deleverage from 2014 and our fiscal year 2015 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.86 to $1.91 per share. This is based off of 142.4 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q1 of 2015 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 30.2%.  We expect capital expenditures to range between $130 million to $135 million for the fiscal year 2015, reflecting new store openings, renovations, relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain investments. 
 With that, I will open up the call for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Courtney Willson: This is Courtney in for Oliver today. Could you just update us on what you're seeing in terms of raw materials going forward? And then also just any update on your mobile strategy. 
Stuart Haselden: Courtney, it's Stuart. Sure. On raw materials, we are seeing the benefits from our go-to-market calendar accrued to the cost that we're seeing for raw materials. We're also seeing some of the costs related to raw materials are continuing to be consistent with what we've seen previously. I'm going to invite Tara to add anything to that, if there is anything. 
Tara Poseley: No, I think you answered that well, Stuart. Thank you. 
Stuart Haselden: So I think the bigger point really is just as we continue to make progress on the go-to-market calendar and the strategies related there, we should see benefits in the input costs really more from how we are able to better synchronize our supply chain activities and generate better leverage and how we are able to engage and negotiate with our vendors, and that will benefit a number of different areas, raw materials included. On your -- on the question on mobile, I'm going to let Laurent speak to that one. 
Laurent Potdevin: So on the mobile, maybe I mentioned that in our earlier script, we're doing a full global web redesign that obviously is going to be mostly driven by -- the development is driven by mobile and will be adapted to all sort of devices. We are seeing tremendous momentum with our mobile performance, and so it will be an integral part of our growth, doing with -- the web redesign. And we are adding tremendous talent to the digital team. So we are very excited with what we are seeing. Combined with our new account capture and our CRM efforts, we've got a very large collective that's building very quickly. So mobile is a very integral part of our strategy and how we are not only transacting, but also doing our storytelling with our ambassadors. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. 
Matthew Boss: Can you just speak to the cadence of the comps as the quarter progressed? I know you spoke to things getting better toward the end. And then just drivers of the positive inflection that you saw in conversion. And more so, as you think about the positive store comp quarter to date, what's driven that? What should we keep an eye open for in stores today? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, so yes, on the comp -- in Q1, so we saw it track closely with our inventory positions, and obviously, that was related -- or is impacted by what happened with the West Coast port issues. What we saw since the -- since we last spoke in the March earnings call, we did see our comps improve as our spring and summer product landed in April. It's worth mentioning that when we did give guidance, the expectation was that we would see our spring and summer goods land closer to the beginning of April. They actually landed more into the middle of April. But what we were surprised was -- what we were surprised by was the fact that our winter and holiday goods that we had in the first part of April to a higher mix as a result of the delays in the spring, summer timing, the winter and holiday product performed better than expected from a sell-through standpoint. That product does have a lower product margin inherently, and so that weighed on the overall margin outcome and explains part of the miss to the margin guidance that we had given. The other thing we were surprised by in the last part of the quarter was the airfreight costs came in about 30% to 40% higher than expected. And that also weighed on margins in the quarter and was -- that cost was above what we originally expected when we gave guidance. But for the comp specifically, we did see a nice acceleration as our in-stock positions improved. That acceleration was more or less a reflection of an increase in conversion. The traffic over the course of the quarter was relatively consistent, and we saw as in-stock positions improved, conversion improved, comps improved. We saw that continue into the first part of the second quarter as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, and it's a similar story. We are seeing some continued acceleration in our Canadian traffic, and specifically, along with the improved conversion. So it's an improving picture. It's very closely connected to the improving in-stock positions that we have. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. On the merchandise margin front, can you just talk about opportunities in the second half? And then more so, if you could just help rank the drivers of gross margin expansions as we move into next year, I think that would be really helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. I think as we look at the second half of the year from a margin standpoint, the guidance that we gave around the improved sales really relates to that 1/3 of the inventory -- the elevated inventory levels that we'll be looking to exit in the balance of the year. We have assumed that those sales will essentially have -- from an exit standpoint, the cost to exit those sales will essentially wash with the incremental margin that they'll generate. There may be some upside to that assumption, but we're not ready to call it at this point. So if I was to try to point to margin opportunities in the second half, it's probably just how effective we can be in moving through that elevated inventory position. And from a gross margin expansion standpoint, I think your question is more getting at the outlook into next year and the benefits of the activities and investments that we're making this year, particularly in Tara's group. I think, as we had said previously, we expect the go-to-market calendar to be able to help us reduce our fabric liability cost as we get more efficient in how we actually are able to synchronize the supply chain we'll have less waste effectively. And that will reduce the amount of fabric liability that we'll need to have in order to deliver the same amount of product. Additionally -- and that's probably the first and foremost part of the gross margin opportunity as we think about that go-to-market calendar strategy. We also have a fair amount of expedited airfreight costs both into the production cycle to help us stay on track with our calendar, and then we have expedited airfreight costs out of the production cycle with finished goods to help us stay on track with our inventory flow cycle. So again, as our calendar becomes more synchronized, we'll be able to eliminate and reduce -- or at least materially reduce this airfreight cost. So I'd say those are the top parts of that go-to-market calendar margin opportunity. Certainly, there are other things that we're doing that will benefit just the flow and how we're able to -- from a fast turn standpoint, be able to respond to trends that we see in the market. That's a smaller part of the equation today that we're investing in to try to grow that and make it more meaningful. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ed Yruma with KeyBanc Capital. 
Edward Yruma: I guess just first, I know you've been testing a lot of different formats for men's. I guess as you think about going-forward growth, should we expect more separate doors? Is it more kind of a sidecar? And then I guess, as a follow-up, I know you talked a lot about inventory, but free cash generation was negative for the first time in some time. How should we think about free cash flow going forward? 
Laurent Potdevin: On the men's side of the business, I mean, we've obviously been very, very excited with playing with different formats, whether it's stand-alone store, whether it's increased square footage in some of our current stores or some expanded format. I mean the one format that we are most excited right now about is expanded store where both men's and women's are co-located as our female guest still shops a lot for him. I mean he does -- our male guest does have a lot more permission to come into the lululemon collective, but she still shops a lot for him. So the expanded format, co-located format is one that we're seeing tremendous results with. And we'll continue in the right geographies, right cities, we'll continue to play with potential stand-alone stores as we see fit, as long as it's in very close proximity to the women's location, such as what you can experience in SoHo. 
Stuart Haselden: And Ed, on your second question on the cash flow, we were more aggressive in the quarter with the share repurchase program, which that tipped us negative, as you pointed out. But we still feel very good about the cash flow generation in this business and feel that we'll be in a good liquidity position going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Stuart, on the full year comp guide for -- guidance for mid-single digits, I was just wondering how to think about that in terms of you just put up a 6% increase in the first quarter and your guidance for 2Q was high single digits. So the deceleration embedded in the guidance for the second half, just want to parse that out a bit. Could you talk to that? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, yes. So the guidance in the second half, from a comp sales standpoint, as you look under the covers, the range, we essentially -- the forecast that we used for the basis of the guidance showed that the comp results would increase into the top end of that range. So we're essentially, in our model, on the cusp of a mid to beginning to close in on a high single digit. So it's really just a question of where we fell in that range of mid-single digit comps. We aren't ready yet to call more upside for the second half. So internally, we feel like the data points connect, and it doesn't necessarily suggest deceleration. It's just the current view in Q2, we have more clarity given where we are right now, and we're more comfortable calling that. But it's really, I would say, from where we were in the March call, we're just higher into that -- the upper end of that mid-single-digit range on the comps. 
Matthew McClintock: And then if I could follow up. Laurent or Tara, could you speak to some of the new product that you launched in second quarter? Clearly, there's been strong response. But I was wondering if we could talk a little bit in more detail about when women's tops and specifically, swim, now that that's a new category for you. 
Tara Poseley: So what we -- obviously, the spring goods didn't get in until April, but we saw really strong positive response from the guests. Particularly, the bottom trend continues and bodes well for our pant wall relaunch in Q3. Our efforts against tanks, we'll start seeing lot of the new styles and new work there begins to get into stores starting the end of Q2. So we'll have more to come on that, that we can talk to. It's a little too early on that. And we've been very pleased with swim. We have more opportunity to add additional coverage offers -- offerings in swim. So we've had some good [indiscernible] in spring, but the guest response has been really positive, and we can see more upside opportunity as we move into designing next year for swim in '16. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Janney Capital. 
Adrienne Tennant: Congratulations on the product progress. Well done. Tara, my question is on the 2/3 of the product that is going to kind of live beyond the second quarter. Can you talk about the composition of that product, long top, long bottom or more core? And then how much is men's versus women's? And then on the 1/3 that is going to be moved through the different channels, did you -- do you feel that you have sufficient inventory to run the September -- I guess, was it September or July and January warehouse sales? And can you remind us if you ran them last year? 
Tara Poseley: Okay. Yes, the composition of the 2/3 product, what the buying teams have done is we've reflowed the spring product into summer and then looked at the summer product that we could flow into fall. And the teams are really excited actually with the product they want flow into fall. Plus that the addition of the color in August, which is really still high summer, into our fall merchandise was a good choice. Our fourth quarter product hasn't been placed yet, so it gives us a lot of movement to shift some of the core receipts that we needed to reflow from Q2 to Q3 to Q4. So I'm feeling really good about composition of that 2/3. We did have -- we had an online warehouse sale last year in October. We're actually going to move that forward into Q2 to clear through the holiday inventory. Stuart did mention that we actually saw good guest response to the holiday inventory that we had kept up at regular price in our stores in February and March. And we'll be using our warehouse sales to clear through that, probably that 1/3 that we're talking about. And then we will then make choices through the remainder of the year if we do some additional pop-ups to warehouse or just use our regular outlets to move through that inventory. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Alexander with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Paul Alexander: Can you talk about the 31% increase in direct-to-consumer? How sustainable is a growth rate like that? And was it inflated in first quarter by people who couldn't get to the store when weather was really bad or by people who couldn't find what they wanted in stores because of the port slowdown? And what kind of impact on the 2Q direct-to-consumer growth rate should we see from the movement of that warehouse sale from October into Q2? 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, so yes, the -- we're very pleased with the e-com sales growth that we saw in Q1. I'd say there's a couple of factors we'd point to. Certainly, weather was an issue in the early part of Q1, which likely benefited the e-commerce results. I'd also say that we began the quarter in e-commerce with a stronger inventory position, and we were able to accelerate -- or able to flow, I should say, inventory to the e-commerce business faster than we could the stores. There's an additional step in the supply chain for getting the inventory from our distribution centers to our stores, which takes a little bit of time, that in e-commerce, you don't have that step. So we're able to have a better inventory position in e-commerce, which I think drove the upside. And from a -- the comp guidance that we gave for Q2 certainly reflects an ongoing strength in our e-commerce business as well as the improvement in the store comps. So there's nothing that we would look at from a direct standpoint that would suggest that the increases that we saw in the first quarter is not sustainable. We wouldn't necessarily plan it at that level, but there's nothing structural that would prevent us from delivering that type of an outcome going forward. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Paul, especially when you consider all the enhancements from a CRM account and checkout standpoint that we're putting into the global web redesign and our educators at the store level have done an outstanding job, but we've done a good job training them, and they've done an outstanding job using our bag backroom app [ph], which has really been able to leverage our online inventory when we haven't had inventory in stores. So that's really sort of our strategy coming together from that standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, 2 questions, one on Canada. I'm very glad to hear about the positive comps there. I think it's been a while. I know it's your most mature productive stores. Can you maybe give us more color on what you're doing in Canada as far as remodels, men's, product? What's taking hold there? And then on the international stores, maybe some comments on where are you on building your team out? What kind of lead times are you seeing for store leases, learnings from early stores on pricing? Anything that could just help us give more comfort on the international store rollout and what you've seen so far? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. We're very -- we've been very focused on Canada as one of our -- as our first market, and it's been really coming across the 3 sort of key pillars of what we do, right? I mean, we focus a lot on educator training. We very much focus on the buy, how wide the buy is and the depth of the buy, and we're seeing tremendous results with that. And our brand community groups have really focused on how to have a campaign that is very -- I mean, I hate the word campaign, but programs that were very much dedicated to Canada. And we've seen tremendous impact there. I think another interesting market to look at where we have been challenged is Australia. And I was in Australia a month ago, spending time with our team there. And we've seen the same type of return to very healthy comps simply by focusing on those markets; the buy, the training and brand and community efforts that are locally relevant, but especially in the context of Australia, really focusing on ambassadors that are relevant to Australia. So we think about triathletes, surfers that are training in environments that are hotter, more humid, obviously they have to deal with a lot more sun than we do here in Vancouver, and using this market as testing ground for new product. So just really product, buy, brand and community and training focused on those markets has really paid off in a very significant way. 
Brian Tunick: And then on the international side? 
Laurent Potdevin: And on the international side -- sorry, I knew there was a second part to that question. On the international side, I mean, we're very much on track. I mean, like, we're exceeding our expectations both in Asia and in Europe. As I mentioned, we're on track opening Dubai in September. We're probably seeing -- we're exceeding to a greater extent in Asia than in Europe. So that's probably suggest the ability to maybe accelerate a little bit our expansion in Europe, and we've just opened a showroom in Seoul that is performing extremely, extremely well. So an opportunity to do more in Asia with an awesome team, and in Europe, like, keeping the course but yet still very much exceeding our expectations. So opening a showroom in France. We've just opened a showroom in Stockholm. We've relocated a showroom in Germany in Berlin. That's now performing at a level that sort of suggests a store rollout. So very, very happy with the pace and the success of the international expansion so far. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin with Guggenheim Securities. 
Howard Tubin: Maybe just a question for Tara. Can you just update us on where you stand on your chase capabilities and how quickly you can get back into things within season? 
Tara Poseley: I think you said our chase capabilities? 
Howard Tubin: Yes. 
Tara Poseley: Sorry, okay. You cut off for a second there. So we have established a fast-turn team that can turn goods in about -- depending on if we have taken position on the fabric or we have liable fabric, that team can turn products around in roughly 2.5 months. So it's a great mechanism for us to leverage as we see where sales are and be able to chase them into core products or as well into seasonal fashion ideas as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: More questions around the international opportunities. Are you yet in a position to talk directionally about store models for international markets, how it may differ between Asia and Europe? And what are some of the key differences in format and economics you expect versus North America? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Jim. So the strategy at this point in the early store openings is focused on capital cities in those geographies, in Western Europe and in Asia. So these are some of the most productive retail centers or retail areas in the world, and so these initial store locations are -- they're rivaling some of the best stores in North America, from a sales standpoint, from a sales per square foot standpoint and also from a 4-wall profit. The -- obviously, the rent dynamics are different. We're seeing higher rents. We're having to pay key money in certain markets, but these are sort of the -- some of the most productive locations you can imagine. So we're really -- we're picking the cherries, so to speak, in the initial phase to establish the brand. It's important to have a very visible location in these key areas, these key cities in the shopping areas within them so that you establish the brand in a manner that's consistent with how we want it to be established. So we need to build that presence and that brand recognition with the store footprint. But we're -- it's not a marketing activity. These stores are very profitable and on a 4-wall basis, very attractive. Obviously, you have the cost -- the overhead cost of investing in the teams, in the marketing, in the supply chain to get into those markets, so it takes you a while to reach the scale to really be able to leverage those investments. And we're in the early days of the strategy, but we're very excited by the results that we're seeing both in Asia and Europe and feel like it's going to be a great part of the overall growth story for years to come. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Jim, all the work that we're doing with multi-store format in North America, whether it's a smaller store like the one in Vail, or whether it's a men's-only in SoHo or the expanded format in Miami, Santa Monica or Robson, I mean, are really sort of informing the type of model that we can roll out in parts of the world where we might have to play with different real estates. 
Jim Duffy: Got you. And then in some of your earlier international markets like, say, the U.K. or Singapore, when would you expect to move beyond that Phase 1 and into Phase 2, where you're exploring some of these other formats maybe outside of the capital cities? 
Laurent Potdevin: I think in Asia, we still have a fair amount of runway, probably a couple of years, before we start exploring the cities that are not a "when" but that are an "if." In the U.K., we'll probably start exploring a couple of those locations next year, and then in the rest of Europe, we'll still be in the capital cities for the midterm. So we have tremendous runway ahead of us in leveraging the brand awareness that we've got in those capital cities, and to Stuart's point, really sort of planting our flag and claiming the market as we created. So a lot of runway in those cities that are a "when". 
Operator: Our final question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Just a couple of questions. Number one, it seems like your buying and occupancy pressure is increasing, Stuart, as you focus more on the international markets. Maybe you could help us with the leverage point on comp there as we model going forward. And secondly, Tara, I was wondering as you broaden your bottoms assortment, if there is an opportunity for AUR elevation? 
Tara Poseley: You want to start with that? 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Sure, Janet. So yes, buying and occupancy, we're seeing elevated pressure from that into this -- into Q1, as we had in Q4. No surprise there. We expect that will be the story for the balance of the year. We expect that to moderate next year. We really -- if you look over the last few years, we haven't seen this level of occupancy pressure. We expect that to normalize into 2016. So on a year-over-year basis, that should be a benefit. But the -- at this point, I would say, it's attributable to just some of the discrete activities that we have ongoing this year from a real estate standpoint. And that's the combination of some of the higher rents for these big international flagships, some of the relocations and expansions that we've done in North America, and just the opening cadence that we have is higher than the company has ever had. And so for every store you open, you have a certain amount of preopening costs that are a drag from an occupancy standpoint, sort of the initial rent before the store is opened. So we've got more of that, that will moderate as well as we go forward. So I mean, those are the factors that are part of that story. I think over the long term, we'd expect to leverage our buying and occupancy in that high single-digit to low double-digit range just given the growth profile of the company. We're not quite there right now, but that's how we would envision the long-term model. 
Tara Poseley: And then, Janet, your question on the AUR elevation in bottoms... 
Janet Kloppenburg: Tara, you've noticed that Nike took their prices up on the bottoms, right? So I'm wondering what you guys are thinking. 
Tara Poseley: What we are really focused on is driving innovation in our bottoms category from fabrics and fit, and we will price accordingly as we continue to drive forward in those innovations. So again, we're always looking forward. We want to be the -- we are the leaders in driving innovation in the bottoms category, and we'll price accordingly. 
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Chris Tham for closing remarks. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, operator. That concludes our call for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Goodbye. Thanks 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect. And everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-03-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to lululemon's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chris Tham, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 
Chris Tham: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to lululemon's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. 
 Joining me today to talk about our results are Laurent Potdevin, CEO; and Stuart Haselden, CFO; along with Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, who'll be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 Before we get started today, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements reflecting management's current forecasts of certain aspects of the company's future. These statements are based on current information which we have assessed, but which by the nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and abrupt changes. 
 Actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business. Factors that could cause these results to differ materially are set forth in the company's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. The press release and accompanying annual report on Form 10-K are available under the Investors section of our website at www.lululemon.com. [Operator Instructions].
 And now I would like to turn the call over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to welcome Stuart on his first earnings call as lululemon's CFO. All of us at lululemon are thrilled to have him on our team, and I look forward to working together as we drive long-term, sustainable and profitable global growth.
 Today, I will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full fiscal year of 2014 results as well as give you an update on our key initiatives in 2015. Stuart will then walk you through our financials in more detail and outline our guidance. After our remarks, we will open the call to your questions.
 I am pleased with our fourth quarter performance, which concluded a year of solid progress towards our longer-term goals. We continue to see building momentum as reflected by the sequential acceleration of our top line results. Specifically, we delivered combined comparable sales growth of 8% in the fourth quarter versus 3% in the third quarter. 
 We saw a positive global comp for our store business for the first time this year along with a double-digit increase in our e-commerce business. Our women's business momentum continued to build its positive comp in the quarter and most exciting is the high teens comp we delivered in the bottoms category as we capitalize on new silhouettes along with expanded styles and color. 
 Additionally, we saw strong results in both our men's and ivivva businesses with 16% [ph] and 51% comps, respectively. With men's, we saw continued success with our pant category, anchored by the popularity of our core ABC pant and a great guest response to technical tops, such as lulu's fabric and seamless construction. 
 ivivva's color and texture mix drove sales across multiple styles and categories. And for the 2014 fiscal year, our revenues reached $1.8 billion, increasing 13% over last year. 
 So looking to our accomplishments in the fourth quarter and 2014 as a whole, you will recall that we established 3 key goals at the beginning of the year: first, to strengthen the business foundation; second, to reignite our product engine; and third, to accelerate our global expansion. 
 In regards to our foundational investment, we substantially built out our management team with deep experience in critical areas. We strengthened our supply chain with talent, key technology investments and new processes to improve our ability to consistently deliver high-quality products on time while scaling the business. We opened a third distribution center in Columbus, Ohio, that will expand our distribution capacity for Europe and cut in half the shipping times to our guests and stores in the Eastern United States. And we successfully launched our mobile shopping app with over 367,000 [ph] downloads in 2014; and maybe even more relevant, an activation rate of 76%, which ended up representing approximately 8% of our online sales in Q4. 
 In addition, we continued to leverage our bag [ph] backroom app to process sales in-store from our online inventory, which, in Q4, represented approximately 6% of online sales. 
 We did reignite our product engine through the following actions: building on our design talent to mobilize us as a truly design-led organization and driving faster lead times in our whitespace innovation pipeline; continuing to leverage our ambassadors who play a very key role in the design, development and testing process to deliver functional performance and innovation; revamping our go-to-market spending calendar to synchronize design, merchandising and sourcing around 3 distinct product cadences: one, core; two, seasonal; and three, Fast Turn, all of them to achieve more compelling assortment with a higher degree of flexibility and higher speed to market. And we leveraged this new go-to-market calendar to harmonize with our brand and community strategy as we introduce exciting new products throughout the year. This allows us to better synchronize product education with our store educators and global ambassadors along with the ability to create compelling stories that inspire and inform our guests. 
 As an example, we recently had great success with the introduction of the If You're Lucky technical yoga collection in Q1. Our guests responded very strongly to our storytelling as well as the great performing feminine technical product that features mesh panels, cutouts and beautiful prints.
 And our men's business continues to extremely well with a continued momentum that supports this key element of our growth strategy driven by our sweat line, which encompasses most of the new fabrics and silhouettes. 
 And lastly, in regards to our international growth and future goals. We now have 2 stores open in London, our first Asian store in Singapore, and a Middle East partner announced to open our first store in Dubai this fall. 
 As we grow in new markets, we see growing demand for our strong brand. We are on track to expand our global footprint and believe our international business could match and ultimately exceed our overall North American revenues over the long term.
 While we continue to see a strengthening of our guest engagement and continued loyalty, there are a couple of discrete external factors that have weighted on our results in the early part of the current quarter, thus impacting our 2015 guidance, namely the challenging weather that we've all seen on the East Coast this year and also the extension of the West Coast port delays into Q1. From the latter point, we are seeing the risks that we identified for Q4 now materializing more than originally anticipated into the initial weeks of Q1. 
 So while these delays proved not to be material in Q4, we are now seeing a more meaningful impact. Stuart will provide more details on these factors in his comments. 
 We are confident that the fundamentals of our business remain healthy as our momentum continues to build. As we move forward into 2015, we remain true to the core values that have made the lululemon brand unique and powerful, an uncompromised commitment to relentless innovation, best-in-class guest experience, exceptional quality, and a vertical model that provides full control. We are also dedicated to managing our business for the long term, and as such, 2015 will be a key year of investment replacing this commitment. 
 We are a growth company, and our vision for growing the business over the long term focuses on extending our brand operating model over genders, categories and geographies to fully unlock the potential for strong and sustainable growth. We have talked about the elements of our brand operating model over the last year, which include our product, our guest experience, and our brand and community. This year, as we have said, we plan to strategically invest in these key areas to fuel the accelerated earnings growth in 2016 and beyond. 
 For product, this investment will include a continued focus on innovation through the expansion of our Whitespace program here at our corporate offices as well as our regional design map; our product pipeline consists of innovative fabrics and technologies that, when married with intelligent, striking design, solve the functional problems for the athletes. 
 Fast Turn is another key capability that allows us to shorten lead times in order to bring innovative, quickly -- innovation quickly to market. By leveraging our cross-functional expertise in design, merchandising and sourcing, we expect Fast Turn will deliver a meaningful portion of our assortment while allowing us to read and capitalize on emerging trends. 
 More specifically with our women's product, in Q2, you will see a significant evolution of our tanks with an emphasis on supporting beauty; and in Q3, we are very excited to bring to life our complete new pant reassortment, which will encompass both fabric and silhouette innovation. 
 Our men's product continues to be focused on function and versatility while expanding the product offering and creating new technical fabric solutions. We remain driven to solve the athlete's training and sport specific needs in the ongoing development of our sweat assortment. 
 As far as guest experience, we continue to invest in initiatives that allow us to create a more personalized and integrated experience with our guests. And while we have always done an outstanding job building strong relationships with our guests in our store, we are in the process of seamlessly connecting these across all guest touch points. 
 To create this capability, we will continue to make key omni-channel investments, leveraging state-of-the-art technology, our global website redesign planned for later this year, and the completion of our RFID implementation, which was originally successfully piloted in 2014. Collectively, this will allow us to have dramatically improved visibility in our on-hand inventory, a deeper knowledge of our guests, which in turn, allows us to build a more intimate experience whenever, wherever and however our guest engages with us. 
 We continue to see significant demand across all geographies. From a store standpoint, we believe our long-term goal of 350 stores in North America will allow us to have the right footprint without oversaturation. 
 In addition to our established showroom model, we are innovating and investing in different store formats that will vary in size and assortment. It is critical to note that we expect this alternative store format to achieve a comparable level of 4-wall profitability compared to the rest of our fleet after initial ramp-up is completed. 
 And lastly, in brand and community, we will build programs to foster and extend the culture that has made lululemon so unique. To this end, in Q2, we plan to launch a 17-city tour aimed at engaging with our store and support center teams as well as our ambassadors to local community-specific experiences in a variety of venues. Building upon the amazing 16 years of history of lululemon, the goal of this tour is to affirm our mission and purpose and declare where our brand is headed. 
 Adding to my earlier comments, we have seen that the true unlocking brand value comes from synchronizing innovative products combined with powerful storytelling and relevance to our guests and the local community. This principle will guide all of our brand investments. 
 Working with our global ambassadors and educators, we aim to inspire, educate, connect and converse with our guests. To emphasize the power of our ambassador community, we recently featured lululemon elite ambassador, Maya Gabeira, big wave surfer, as she explored and surfed in Hawaii. 
 In addition to inspiring footage created for the lululemon website, our team created a mini documentary on Maya, delving deeper into her mindful approach to recovering from a massive life-threatening surf accident. This ambassador-driven campaign, launched alongside a new stream capsule, illustrates how our brand is most powerful when our stories are inspired and generated by our local communities and our local heroes. 
 And as I mentioned, our brand operating model comprised of products, guest experience, and brand and community will be leveraged in an omni-channel manner across diverse geographies to achieve our growth target. 
 Specifically, we will continue to build out North America in 2015 with double-digit square footage growth driven by continued store openings. We will also continue to ramp up our international business with new-store trends in the U.K., Germany, Hong Kong and Singapore in addition to our recently announced partnership in the Middle East with MAF. We are on track to have 20 stores in each region, Asia and Europe, by the end of 2017. 
 2014 was a pivotal year when we turned the corner and started building positive momentum. 
 In 2015, this cadence will continue and will also be an overlap investment year, where we substantially complete the foundational work already underway to support our long-term growth. And we are building upon our current momentum and made the shift from playing defense to playing offense. With this game plan, we are setting a clear floor to sustainably and profitably grow both within North America and in our global markets. 
 To the entire lululemon collective, thank you for your continued passion and dedication. We are focused on the opportunities ahead in 2015, and I am confident we can deliver on our promise to strengthen and grow our business as we build a global iconic brand. 
 With that, I'd like to turn things over to Stuart, who will outline the financial framework and discipline it will take to meet our near-term and long-term goals. Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Thank you, Laurent. It's great to be a part of the team and certainly an exciting time to join lululemon. For those of you on the call, I look forward to meeting you and working with our investment community. 
 I'll begin today by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter and 2014, and I'll then update you on our outlook for the first quarter and the full year of fiscal 2015. 
 For Q4, total net revenue rose 15.6% to $602.5 million from $521 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase in revenue was driven by total comparable sales growth on a combined basis, including e-commerce of 8%, comprised of a bricks-and-mortar comp store sales increase of 5% and a 20% growth online, all on a constant-dollar basis. 
 The addition of 48 net new corporate-owned stores since Q4 of 2013, including 32 net new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 1 store in Australia, 1 store in New Zealand, 2 in Europe, 1 in Asia and 10 ivivva stores, and offset with a foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $13.2 million or 2.2%. 
 During the quarter, we opened 13 net new corporate-owned stores, 9 in the U.S., 1 in Australia, 1 in Asia, 1 in Europe and 1 ivivva. 
 We ended the quarter with 302 total stores versus 254 a year ago.
 There are now 240 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 163 in the United States, 27 in Australia and New Zealand, and 11 ivivva. At the end of Q4, we also have a total of 85 showrooms in operation, 33 lululemon showrooms in North America, 15 internationally and 37 ivivva. 
 Corporate-owned stores represented 75.7% of total revenue or $456.1 million versus 75.9% or $395.2 million in the fourth quarter of last year.
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $114.5 million or 19% of total revenues versus $97.8 million or 18.8% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. 
 Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-ups and outlets totaled $31.9 million or 5.3% of revenue for the fourth quarter versus $28 million or 5.4% of revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $310 million or 51.5% of net revenue compared to $278.8 million or 53.5% of net revenue in Q4 2013.
 The factors which contributed to this 200 basis point decline in gross margin were product margin decline of 50 basis points due to primarily a combination of product sales mix and input costs offset with lower markdowns, 30 basis points due to higher airfreight, 50 basis points due to the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, 40 basis points deleveraged from occupancy and depreciation, and 30 basis points deleveraged from continued investments in our product and supply chain functions.
 SG&A expenses were $152.9 million or 25.4% of net revenue compared with $124.6 million or 23.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 22.6% SG&A dollar increase is due to the following: an increase in operating expenses associated with new and existing stores, showrooms and outlets, including costs related to our international expansion; increased variable operating cost associated with the growth of our e-commerce business; increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses and professional fees tied to growth and foundational investments; and the anniversary-ing of management incentive compensation reductions in Q4 last year; and foreign exchange gains that, on a net basis, increased SG&A by $4.1 million in Q4 this year. 
 These increases were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which, on translation, also decreased reported SG&A by $5.3 million or 3.4%. 
 As a result, operating income for the quarter was $157.2 million or 26.1% of net revenue compared with $154.1 million or 29.6% of net revenue in Q4 2013.
 Cash expense for the quarter was $48.1 million or a tax rate of 30.3% compared to $46 million or a tax rate of 29.5% in the fourth quarter of 2013.
 Net income for the quarter was $110.9 million or $0.78 per diluted share compared to net income of $109.7 million or $0.75 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2013. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 142.3 million versus 146 million a year ago. This takes into account the weighted impact of 400,000 shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of $43.30 per share. It's worth noting that we repurchased fewer shares compared to Q3 as we are only active in the market for a small portion of the quarter. 
 Capital expenditures were $30.4 million for the fourth quarter -- I'm sorry, for the quarter compared to $34.5 million in the fourth quarter last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $664.5 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $208.1 million or 10.2% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2013. 
 Turning to highlights for our full fiscal year 2014 performance. Net revenue rose 12.9% to $1.8 billion from $1.6 billion in fiscal 2013, reflecting 3% comparable sales growth on a constant-dollar basis. E-commerce sales totaled $321.2 million or 17.9% of total sales. Gross profit was $914.2 million or 50.9% of net revenue compared to $840.1 million or 52.8% of net revenue in fiscal 2013. 
 Net income for the year was $239 million or $1.66 per diluted share compared to $279.6 million or $1.91 per diluted share for fiscal 2013.
 This is based off an effective tax rate of 37.6%, which includes a $33.7 million tax charge associated with the repatriation of cash from our Canadian subsidiary to our U.S. parent entity to fund our share repurchase program, which had an impact to EPS of $0.23. Excluding this nonrecurring tax charge, diluted EPS would have been $1.89 for the year. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2015. I'd like to start by providing some clarity around the impact of foreign exchange on our financials. Approximately 1/4 of our business is in Canada and Australia, where we saw steep declines in the value of these respective currencies relative to the U.S. dollar during the fourth quarter. This reduces our reported revenue in U.S. dollars, and it also compresses our gross margin as our product is purchased in U.S. dollars. 
 These negative factors are then partially offset by lower reported SG&A as the majority of our head office costs are here in Vancouver, Canada. 
 In addition, as the Canadian dollar weakens, we also incur foreign exchange gains on U.S.-denominated cash and receivables in our Canadian subsidiaries. Assuming currencies remain at their prevailing rates, we expect this to have an approximate impact of $65 million to revenue for the 2015 fiscal year, a 60 basis point impact to gross margin offset by a $30 million reduction in SG&A, yielding a net impact to earnings of approximately $0.04 per share when compared to fiscal year 2014.
 Moving on to Q1. As Laurent mentioned, we had a challenging start to the year as February was externally impacted by both weather and product delivery delays. First, we estimate that weather had an approximate $3 million impact to sales in February and early March due to store closures and lower traffic in the areas that were impacted by the storms. 
 Second, as Laurent also highlighted, while on-time factory handover delivery performance has improved, we have not been able to avoid the delays in ocean shipment times into the West Coast ports. We had previously expected this to impact late Q4 but has shifted into early Q1. We now estimate that the previously identified $10 million in sales risk for Q4 will materialize now in Q1. We also expect these delays to extend into early Q2.
 We are otherwise seeing that sell-throughs remain strong, and underlying demand for our product is consistent with what we saw over the holiday period. As a result of these factors discussed, we expect Q1 revenue to be in the range of $413 million to $418 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low single digits on a constant-dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2014 and assumes CAD 1 at USD 0.79, and 14 new store openings, 8 lululemon stores in North America and 6 ivivva.
 We anticipate our gross margin in the first quarter to be between 49% to 50%. While we expect merchandise margins to stabilize from last year as we begin to see initial results of our supply chain investments, this will be more than offset by several factors, including the impact of FX from the decline of the Canadian and Australian dollar; higher airfreight, in part due to mitigating the West Coast port delays; deleverage from continued investments in our product engine and in occupancy and depreciation. 
 Specifically with regard to occupancy and depreciation, we expect deleverage in 2015 due to the following: higher lease costs associated with new larger-store formats creating a temporary lag on profitability until these locations ramp up and a more run rate level of sales productivity is achieved; an increase in major renovations and relocations as we reposition and expand certain stores to accommodate our product strategy, such as men's and new categories; international expansion and the amortization of the capital invested in our Columbus DC, which went live last August 2014. 
 We expect SG&A to delever slightly from Q1 2014, a portion due to a higher number of new-store openings and strategic investments.
 Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 142.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.31 to $0.33 per share. 
 For the full year 2015, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.97 billion to $2.02 billion, which represents an annual combined comp in the mid-single digits. 
 We expect to open 60 corporate-owned stores, which includes up to 8 new stores in Asia, in Europe and also 20 ivivva stores. 
 We expect gross margin for the year to delever from 2014 with merchandise margin stabilizing but more than offset by the factors mentioned in regards to Q1.
 We also expect some deleverage in SG&A versus 2014. As Laurent noted, 2015 will reflect the continuation of key investments central to our growth strategies. These include substantially completing foundational systems and process changes while also ramping investments in the areas of guest experience, product innovation, brand and international expansion. It is critical to make these investments now to drive accelerated growth in 2016 and beyond. 
 As a result, we expect operating margin to deleverage from 2014, and our fiscal year 2015 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.85 to $1.90. We estimate that the impact of foreign exchange, weather and port delays will have a collective impact of approximately $0.09 in earnings per share for the fiscal year 2015. This is based off of 142.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, which does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q4 2014 and also assumes an effective tax rate of 30.2%. 
 We expect capital expenditures to range between $130 million and $135 million for the fiscal year 2015, reflecting a higher number of new-store openings, renovations and relocation capital and also strategic IT and supply chain capital investments. 
 In closing, I'd like to provide some additional color around our longer-term growth plans. In terms of our revenue, we are targeting long-term comp growth in the mid-single digits along with annual new unit growth that is in line with our 2015 opening plans. In terms of gross margin, we are targeting a recovery to the low to mid-50s range for the total company with North America at the high end of this range and international below this range as this business continues to scale. 
 Our planning assumes modest leverage in SG&A over the long term and operating margin to begin to leverage in 2016 with projected long-term recovery to the low to mid-20s. Our target for North America is to return to the mid-20s with international below this as this business ramps up.
 The momentum we are currently seeing in the business results along with the guest response to our early assortment improvements, reaffirms our confidence in our ability to deliver this accelerated growth over the next several years.
 With that, I will turn the call back to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Stuart. Before we begin our Q&A session, we would be remiss not to acknowledge the immense contribution of our founder, Chip Wilson, who stepped down from our board last month. It goes without saying that we would not be here today discussing this tremendous business were it not for his vision back in 1998. 
 With that, I'll open up to  questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Paul Lejuez from Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: Stuart, welcome. Any initial thoughts, Stuart, on just what you've seen thus far being part of the organization for just a couple months, positive, negative, areas of potential improvement? And also if you could give us maybe a little bit of color around U.S. versus Canada in the quarter. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, thanks for the question. So it's exciting to be here. I think that the business has incredible momentum. The investments that the company has been making over the last year seem to be putting the company on track for some explosive growth into the future. The foundation investments we expect will be completed this year, and Tara and her team has done remarkable work. So it's -- I think there's a lot of exciting things in the future for lululemon. So as we -- as to your second question with regards to U.S. versus Canada, what we've seen is sequential improvement clearly end of Q4 in all regions. We saw improvements in all of our geographies in the fourth quarter. The U.S. was clearly stronger than the other geographies that we operate in, but we did see improvements in Canada. In Canada, specifically, we saw a stronger business in the west versus the east in the fourth quarter. That seemed to be continuing into the first quarter, and that's likely related to certain macro factors that are influencing those different areas. But as we focus on our Canadian business and look for ways to continue to drive that business, we have seen some exciting initiatives, and specifically, I call out the work that we've done at our Robson store, our Robson Street store. We did a remodel there last year where we increased the size of the store about 50%. And in the 6 months since the remodel was complete, we've seen traffic and sales increase over 50% in that store, and we've seen our men's business specifically increase over 90%. So we view that as an example and a template for how we might look to pursue similar strategies in other stores in Canada and elsewhere in our chain for that matter. We actually did a similar project at our Santa Monica store in California and have seen a similar outcome in terms of the increase in sales and sales productivity. So we're excited to see those projects, and we're excited to see that as another way we can continue to drive our business. So I think that we're seeing the sequential improvements. Certainly, what has happened in the first quarter in regards to weather and the port delays are impacting both the U.S. and our Canadian businesses, but we're encouraged by the momentum that we're seeing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Welcome, Stuart, as well. I was wondering if we could focus on gross margin just in terms of input costs. You called out 50 basis points, I think, of pressure this quarter from mix as well as input costs. It seems as commodity costs go lower, your input costs would follow. At what point in the year or potentially going forward should we see relief from input costs in margin? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Matt. It's Stuart. So the product margin guidance that we gave -- or the gross margin guidance that we gave does reflect that our expectation -- and we're seeing this in the early part of Q1, that our product margins will stabilize. And what I mean by that is that it should be at least flat. And we are, in fact, seeing that. So that reflects a sequential improvement in those input costs from Q4 into Q1. The pressure that we're seeing and the guidance that we gave around gross margin is really related to the occupancy and depreciation primarily. There are some other factors, FX and also some continued investments in the team and the foundational product engine that the lion's share of that pressure this year is related to that occupancy and depreciation that we called out. And there were -- the discrete factors that we had mentioned in the prepared remarks and, specifically, the larger format stores, some of the major renovations and relocations that are connected to what I just described at our Robson and Santa Monica stores, but it comes with some increase in occupancy and depreciation related to that. We see that as temporary until those stores reach their run rate productivity and a net benefit to the P&L over the long term. And the last thing that was pressuring that occupancy and depreciation was just the Columbus DC investment that we made that now is complete. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the slowdown, could you just help us understand the nature of the inventory most impacted? And it sounds like you're encouraged for stabilizing your flattish merch margins. So is there any implication there in terms of the slowdown in relation to that? And also as you engage in the variety of the store sizes, which classifications are you going to see more of in the larger format? And which ones might you see less of in the smaller formats? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Oliver. It's Stuart. So the inventory impact from the port delays, it's really -- it's across the board in the inventory flows planned in the early part of Q1. And so what we're seeing is a meaningful portion of the inventory for the quarter has been delayed up to 3 weeks, and there's a smaller portion that's been delayed beyond that time frame. So it's affecting the spring flows that we had planned and even some of the late winter flows. So we're working hard with the -- our merchant teams are working hard to optimize inventory that we have and get ready for those flows that we expected to come earlier when they do hit the stores so that we can be well positioned from a marketing and an educator standpoint so that we're able to make the most of it. To your other questions, in terms of the merch margin impact, it certainly affects the merch margin. I feel, at this point, we're not backing away from the guidance that we gave. We feel we'll be able to work through these issues and still deliver that stabilized merch margin for the year. And that picture is benefiting from a lot of work that Tara and her team have done over the last year, and we're starting to see the fruits of that work. And then for your last question in regards to the store sizes and formats, so we continue to test and experiment new formats. We're seeing the potential for expanded store footprints, particularly, as we have a growing men's business that we're now working to ensure that we're presenting that in the strongest manner and making sure we have enough space to accommodate the experiences in a high-quality way. So it's going to be market by market. We'll look for flagship-type locations where it makes sense. Otherwise, we'll test expanded formats where we see the potential demand. And again, it's really a trade area and market-driven exercise. And then we'll also continue to roll out the ivivva stores we mentioned. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, again, it's Laurent. As far as the multistore format, I mean, we'll play with larger format, I mean, areas where it makes sense. We might also play with smaller store formats if you think about resorts, whether it's at the beach or in the mountains. And with our enhanced stability to look at localized assortment and really leverage omni-channel, I mean, we'll look at different formats around the world. But what's really important is that we look at the same level of profitability 4-wall contribution from all of those formats. 
Oliver Chen: We've been pretty thrilled of what we've been seeing in stores. On your comment, Laurent, on the tanks, is there -- just broadly speaking, what's the degree of newness or the nature of the real innovation opportunity for the Q2 tanks story? 
Laurent Potdevin: I'll let Tara talk about tanks. I think it's a lot more appropriate. 
Tara Poseley: So for Q2, stepping back to 2014, our goal was to stabilize the business. And as we're moving into 2015, you've heard me talk about this a few times, really making sure function and beauty is consistently across assortment. Quarter-by-quarter, you're going to -- we'll continue to see improvement in that. Q2, what we've really focused on the tank wall. That was our second -- last year, we started tackling the pant wall. Q2 is about tackling the tank block. You're going to see a better balance of support options in the tanks, which has really been lacking. So we're adding 4 new styles with medium support. And then by Q3, we'll be adding a full support tank. So also not only addressing the technical piece of the tank, we're going to be addressing the beauty. And we have always owned exquisite design in our tank wall, and we are aggressively returning to those roots. From an innovation standpoint, you'll see more innovation in tanks as we move into 2016. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul from Nomura Securities. 
Kevin Heenan: This is Kevin Heenan on for Bob. I was just wondering if you could give us a little more color on showroom performance internationally. 
Laurent Potdevin: The showroom has continued to perform incredibly well. And we've actually seen an acceleration of our performance in Germany, and we continue to perform really well in Asia. And we're opening a couple showrooms soon in Sweden. So it's still a very, very powerful and nimble way for us to enter the market and to enter communities. And we see the performance continuing to increase. As we look -- as we sort of reengineer the assortment, given the higher level of brand awareness that we see in the new regions that -- or the new markets that we're entering. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So traffic was positive in the fourth quarter. You spoke to continued momentum that you're seeing. Can you just talk a little bit about the underlying traffic thus far in the first quarter maybe in less weather-impacted areas but more so also, your comfort with inventory on hand today? And when do you think the store will be fully set to capture the conversion opportunity? 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So on your traffic question, so we continued to see strong traffic into Q1. So the traffic acceleration that we saw late in 2014 has continued into Q1. Conversion has improved sequentially. It's still been a headwind for us. We've seen some slight improvement in AUR as well. So we're encouraged by the traffic, and we look to that as an indicator that the momentum that we had in the fourth quarter is, in fact, extending into Q1. And we're working through the inventory issues, as you mentioned, which is really the bigger headwind for us currently. We feel as -- the inventory will begin to rebalance likely in Q2 and will more normalize -- the flows will hopefully more normalize into the second half of the year. But nonetheless, we're responding to our new expectations for when we expect to receive inventory so that we're well positioned to make the most of it. So in terms of the amount of inventory we have, we're comfortable with both the increase -- the level of increase and the composition, the health of that inventory. So we're comfortable with that. I'm going to pause there and ask you to repeat your last question. 
Matthew Boss: More so just how we should think about inventory versus sales as the year progresses in order to really capture that conversion opportunity. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Yes. I think over the long term, we expect to maintain a very disciplined posture in terms of our inventory investments versus our top line revenue. But given some of the disruptions that we've seen this year with regard to the supply chain, you may see some point-in-time anomalies where that relationship may become disconnected. But again, we're confident that as we plan the business for this year and into next year, we will ensure that we maintain that discipline and the relationship between the inventory position and our sales momentum. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Yruma from KeyBanc. 
Edward Yruma: I know you mentioned markdowns were down in the fourth quarter. I guess embedded in your guidance for gross, how should we think about markdowns? And I guess just as a bigger-picture question, any thoughts, Stuart, on kind of clearance philosophies? I know you guys have used warehouse sales. You've done some select broken size run sales in stores. How can you best optimize your markdown strategy? 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Ed. Yes, so the markdowns into Q1 versus Q4 and versus last year, rather, we see it as a similar level of markdowns. We may opportunistically run some markdown activities to take advantage of our inventory position. And more recently, we actually ran an event earlier this week that was really an opportunistic chance for us to drive some traffic to the store to get clean on some of the late winter inventory flows that were reaching our stores now so that we're ensure -- we're ensuring we're in a clear place for the spring flows that are in the pipeline. And so it really should not put us measurably different year-over-year from a markdown standpoint. It was really small in terms of the overall percentage of the sales and inventory for the quarter and really not a departure from things we've done in the past. We've been doing similar programs for several years. So no concerns with regard to markdowns. Overall, similar posture to last year, and we'll continue to leverage that. In terms of your other question around the clearance philosophy, I mean, it's -- I can tell you versus other places I've worked, this is a remarkably full-priced business. It's a very powerful brand. We do not drive our business with markdowns, and it's remarkably healthy in that regard. So I think where we choose to do markdown activity, it's really purely aimed at liquidation and getting the inventory in the position we want it to be. The warehouse sales you mentioned have been wildly successful I think because of that strong full-priced position of the brand. And so we'll continue to evaluate where and when to do those, but it's really -- it's not part of the business model in terms of driving sales with markdowns. And we don't have plans to introduce that going forward. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, Ed, this is Laurent. I mean, you've heard us speak for over a year now about scarcity strategy. And obviously, we've been more scarce this past year than we'd like to be. But we're very focused on continuing [ph] to be scarce and driving business with very high sales for at full retail. And there might be categories in very narrow selection of the product where we're going to go deeper to really understand the full potential of our opportunities, especially as it relates to men's. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Janney Capital Market. 
Adrienne Tennant: Welcome, Stuart. Tara, my question is for you. Are you at the targeted level of seasonal versus core basic? How much of the product would you say is sort of in those 2 buckets? And then were you pleased with the in-stock positions for holiday in that seasonal product? Quickly for Stuart. You did give the comp sales per square foot, $1,678. Could you give it for total? And then would you break down comps by U.S. and Canada? 
Tara Poseley: As for the question about core versus seasonal, really our focus is on giving the guest a beautiful assortment, whether it be from seasonal or from core. So there's work going against all of those areas of the business. We talked about our efforts against the pant wall as well as the tank wall and for bringing beauty and function back to all of our product assortments. And those strategies hit all buckets of our inventory, whether it be core or seasonal. So our in-stock positions around seasonal in Q4, we were fine with that. Of course, we had some areas that were runaway successes. But again, referring to Laurent's comments about scarcity model, it's a really important part of this brand. And we'll continue to go forward, making sure that we are coveting that because it is really something that makes us special. 
Laurent Potdevin: As you recall, some of our discussions at ICR, I mean, we've had some of the same successes with some of our core assortment. So really, it's not about a core or seasonal. That discussion needs to go away. I mean, it's really going be driven by the guests, and in different parts of the world, we're going to be seeing different mix with different maturity of the brand but [indiscernible] it's going to be equally as strong and as profitable in both categories. 
Adrienne Tennant: Great. And Stuart? 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Yes, Adrienne. I think you have the -- what we disclosed around the sales per square foot and where we landed for Q4. The comps were strong across the business in the fourth quarter. We saw stronger comps in the U.S. versus Canada, but we saw sequential improvements in both geographies. So we're not going to break down the specifics by region. But suffice it to say, we are encouraged by the results that we saw in all of our geographies, Canada and the U.S. included. 
Operator: And our final question for today comes from Howard Tubin from Guggenheim. 
Howard Tubin: Maybe, Laurent, can you just update us on your thoughts on the overall competitive environment and whether you think it's changed recently? And if so, has it impacted or not your business? 
Laurent Potdevin: Howard, I mean, I've answered that question many, many times. I mean, I think that we've got -- the overall market globally is growing. And the strengths and the number of competitors really validate the long-term growth and size of the market. But we either compete against everybody or we compete against nobody. I mean, we own the market that we created. And we have second-to-none products and guest experience. And our vertical model really allows us to create experiences that are unique. So I really look at ourselves as being in a very unique position, and we're going to continue to lead as the premium segment of the market in distribution that we control. So I feel very good that with investments that we're making in innovation, in products, in guest experience as well as in brand and community, we're going to continue to lead the market, and the competitors will come as the market gets healthier. 
Operator: Thank you. Now I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you very much, and we look forward to speaking with you again in 3 months. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program. You may, all, disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-12-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to lululemon athletica Third Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chris Tham, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 
Chris Tham: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2014 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investors section of lululemon's website at www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we conclude today's call, a recording will be available for replay for 30 days on the Investors section of the website. 
 Hosting our call today is Laurent Potdevin, the company's CEO; John Currie, the company's CFO; along with Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 We would like to remind everybody that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.
 Today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn it over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter results. John will discuss the numbers in more detail and speak to our updated guidance in a few minutes.  Today, I will summarize the areas where I see prevailing momentum building within the company, and provide an update on areas where we continue to strengthen our business foundation. I'm very proud of our team and the solid performance delivered in the third quarter, with a total combined comparable sales growth of 3% that showed improvement over our second quarter, marking a key inflection point with our women's business returning to positive territory. 
 As expected, we delivered better product assortment, which was a key driver of improved performance this fall, compounded with more cohesive brand and product communication in stores, online and through our PR strategy. We were pleased to see sequential improvement in each month of the quarter as it progressed, driven by our product flows and new allocations. Overall, I attribute the success of the third quarter to the ongoing foundational work as we've described in the past, building our talent pool, improving our processes and integrating brand and product. We have turned an important corner, and we'll continue to be relentless about keeping the slide wheel turning and accelerating. 
 Let's take a look -- an early look at Q4. The fourth quarter was kicked off with our annual leadership conference in Vancouver. By gathering up approximately 900 of our key leaders, including staff from our store support center, store and showroom managers and top executives, representing amazing talent from around the globe. Since joining lululemon back in January, I've been anticipating our most important yearly gathering as a team, and whether it was in a small breakout session, on my mat side-by-side with 900 colleagues doing yoga together, it was absolutely amazing to witness the passion and the commitment to lululemon and our long-term purpose. It was a tremendous confirmation that our people are second to none, and will continue to be a unique competitive advantage, as we engage with our guests everyday around the world. The whole team left our conference inspired, energized and ready to deliver on our goals. 
 We are pleased with our November performance, as we sustained October's momentum and delivered on our sales plan, with fewer markdowns than November of last year. Black Friday's performance was very strong, led by the special cast [ph] of our Sequence digital trend, which drove guest excitement and traffic to our stores. 
 Looking ahead to the remainder of the quarter. Our team continues to monitor and assess the situation at the West Coast port. Our business is sensitive to this disruption since we schedule a constant replenishment of our inventory with fluid [ph] product drops at our store. With the slowdown at the West Coast port and units still on the water, we are actively implementing a number of strategies to mitigate delivery issues. We have been experiencing delays of 7 to 10 days, and on that basis, we estimate that this will impact our fourth quarter and year-end revenue guidance by approximately $10 million. We are continuously assessing the situation, and our entire team is focused on supporting the upcoming key holiday selling weeks, and maintaining our positive trajectory into January. 
 Turning to our product, which continues to lead the premium athletic apparel category. The strategic rebalance of our women's product assortment is paying off. Our increased focus on the pant wall, which is an anchor of the lululemon brand, resulted in positive comps. We were also the fall destination for our women's running gear. And our cold weather layering program resonated exceptionally well with our guests. In the men's category, we expanded both in-store and online assortment, expanding our breadth of style, resulting in a strong performance, with an 11% comp this past quarter. For our younger guests, ivivva broadened its outerwear selection, and created excitement with the launch of additional trends and textures in seamless assortment, delivering a positive comp of 37%. We are on track to open 10 ivivva stores by the end of 2014. 
 Innovation will drive the future of our product's success. We continue to invest in R&D dollars in new fabrics, innovative construction and the expansion of our offering across new categories. And I'm very inspired with the data, which we're making progress, and look forward to sharing more details with you as we move into next year. 
 Next year, we will finish the foundation work in our product engine, go-to-market process and supply chain so we can see the tangible payout in 2016 that we have outlined in prior calls, and we will begin to shift our investment strategy towards future growth and innovation. The guest experience that we're known for continues to be a key area of focus, and we continuously strive to improve our online guest experience. Mobile commerce is trending to be approximately 1/4 of our total e-commerce activity. This past quarter alone, we launched our first mobile shopping app, which was downloaded 274,000 times, and represents approximately 8% of online sales. Additionally, we launched the redesign of the My Account feature on our website, resulting in a 27% increase in new accounts being captured this past quarter alone. With the opening of our new distribution center in Columbus, Ohio, we have seen our average transit times for online orders reduced by 46%, now averaging just under 2 days throughout the entire United States. 
 The recent openings of our flagship stores were a fantastic avenue to building brand awareness both with our local and international guests. This past quarter, our Canadian flagship store opened on Robson Street in Vancouver, and almost immediately became one of the top-performing stores across our entire portfolio. We now expect Robson's volume to be 50% higher than its original location, and trending to be a $16 million store. This month, we opened a flagship store in Santa Monica that exceeded all opening sales targets and traffic goals. Its design aesthetics honor the active and social lifestyle of L.A.'s websites, and celebrated coastal beauty, and at 5,700 square feet, it is the largest lululemon retail store to date. The space dedicated to men's is second only to our new stand alone store in SoHo, which just opened on Black Friday. Our flagship stores have generated brand excitement and will be key assets in our future growth. 
 Moving now to our international activities. We are proactively building on the pent-up demand for lululemon outside of North America. On our last call, I outlined our goals to add a total of 40 new stores in Europe and Asia by 2017. Our 2015 international real estate pipeline is very robust, and we are on track to open our first store in the Middle East in the second half of 2015. Our Covent Garden store in London continues to perform well, and our second store in Chelsea is expected to open next month. Our Singapore store is set to open in a few hours, and we had almost 3,000 people join us at the recent Singapore Yoga Beat event on Orchard Road, and we're excited to further connect with our guests in Singapore.  
 Speaking more specifically to our brand and community efforts. Last year, our No Humbug social media campaign was a tremendous success. This year, we launched our Give Presence campaign for the holiday season, which has been getting instant tractions from guests through all social channels. Our Give Presence video generated over 1.2 million views within the first week of launch, and has now reached 3.5 million views. 
 And we continue to attract incredible talent to our team. I'm really proud to welcome Duke Stump as our new Executive Vice President of Brand and Community. I was inspired by Duke from the minute we met. He shares our vision of creating transformational experiences for people and his extensive background within the athletic apparel industry, combined with leadership and in socially conscious brands make him a superb fit. I'm confident that under Duke's leadership, we will continue to build a bold, audacious, innovative global brand. We have also built upon our product team with experienced leaders and technical experts. We have hired Lee Holman as Senior Vice President of our women's design division and Mark Baxendale as Senior Vice President of Planning and Allocation, both doing tremendous strategic and global retail experience, and last but not least, we are in the final stages of our CFO search, and I'm confident that we will have a smooth transition. 
 Before turning this over, I recognize that this is our last earnings call with John by my side. On behalf of all others at lululemon, I want to thank John for his enormous contributions since joining the company in 2007. John's influence and leadership helped take lululemon public, and has continued to shape our success today.  As John embarks on his next phase in his life, I want to personally thank him for his support and wish him much, much happiness in retirement with incredible powder days during his ski days and sunshine on his bowling days. 
 With that, I will turn the call over to John, who will review the financial details of Q3 and our 2014 guidance. John? 
John Currie: Thanks, Laurent. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our third quarter of 2014, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year of fiscal 2014. Our Q3 total net revenue rose 10.4% to $419.4 million from $379.9 million in the third quarter of 2013. Increase in revenue was driven by total comparable store sales growth on a combined basis, including e-Commerce of 3%, comprised of 27% growth online and a bricks-and-mortars stores sales decline of 3%, all on a constant dollar basis; the addition of 42 net new corporate-owned stores since Q3 of 2013; 27 net new stores in the United States; 2 stores in Canada; 2 stores in New Zealand; 1 in the U.K.; and 10 ivivva stores; and offset with the foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australia dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $7.5 million or 1.8%. This was more than we had anticipated, as these currencies weakened late in the quarter. This impacted our third quarter relative to our expectations and our outlook for the balance of the 
 year. 
 During the quarter, we opened 19 net new corporate-owned stores, 15 in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 3 ivivva. We ended the quarter with 289 total stores versus 247 a year ago. There are now 222 stores in our comp base, 37 of those in Canada, 151 in the United States, 25 in Australia and New Zealand and 9 ivivva. At the end of Q3, we also have a total of 86 showrooms in operation: 34 lululemon in North America, 16 internationally and 36 ivivva. Corporate-owned stores represented 73.9% of total revenue or $310 million versus 76.5% or $290.7 million in the third quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $77.2 million or 18.4% of total revenue versus $62 million or 16.3% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-ups and outlets totaled $32.2 million or 7.7% total revenue for the third quarter versus $27.3 million or 7.2% of revenue in the third quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $211.1 million or 50.3% of net revenue compared to $204.6 million or 53.9% of net revenue in Q3 2013. The factors which contributed to this 360 basis point decline in gross margin were product margin decline of 90 basis points due primarily to a combination of sales mix and input costs, 80 points of -- basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation, 150 basis points deleveraged from continued investment in our product engine and supply chain functions, and 40 basis points deleverage from the foreign exchange impact on product costs due to the weakening of the Canadian and Australian dollar. 
 SG&A expenses were $129.9 million or 30.9% of net revenue compared to $112.3 million or 29.6% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 15.7% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets; increased variable operating costs associated with the year-over-year growth in our e-Commerce business; and increases in expenses at our store support center, including salaries, administrative expenses and professional fees, partially offset by a $3.5 million reduction in management incentive and stock-based compensation accruals. Lastly, the weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which on translation, also decreased reported SG&A by $3.4 million or 2.6%. As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $81.2 million or 19.4% of net revenue compared with $92.3 million or $24.3 million -- 24.3%, sorry, of net revenue in Q3 of 2013. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $22.5 million or a tax rate of 27.1% compared to $27.7 million or a tax rate of 29.5% in the third quarter of 2013. A lower tax rate was a result of truing up our tax expense based on finalized prior year tax filings. Absent this true-up, our tax rate would have been 30.3%.
 Net income for the quarter was $60.5 million or $0.42 per diluted share compared to net income of $66.1 million or $0.45 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2013. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 143.4 million versus 146 million a year ago. This takes into account the weighted impact of 1.8 million shares repurchased during this quarter at an average price of $40.49 per share.  The impact of the share buyback on diluted EPS for the quarter compared to our guidance was nominal due to the timing of when these shares were repurchased. Capital expenditures were $37.3 million for the quarter compared to $27.9 million for the third quarter last year, with the increase associated with new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $633.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $229.9 million or 11% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2013, which is consistent with our expected revenue growth. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2014. We anticipate Q4 revenue in the range of $570 million to $585 million. This is based on a comparable sales percentage increase in the low single digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, and assumes a Canadian dollar $0.88 to the U.S. dollar and 13 new store openings: 9 in the U.S., 1 in Singapore, 1 in the U.K., 1 in Australia and 1 ivivva. 
 Now please note that the revenue range for Q4 implied in the guidance I gave last quarter was $585 million to $600 million or $15 million higher. In the first 5 weeks of this quarter to date, we've been trending consistent with the high end of this range. However, as Laurent mentioned earlier, we estimate the impact of the West Coast port delays will be approximately $10 million over the balance of the quarter. The remaining reduction in our revenue expectations comes from 2 factors: the lower Canadian and Australian dollar and delayed store openings, notably our second store in London on King's Road in Chelsea, which due to construction delays, will miss the holiday season, and will open in late January. 
 We expect gross margin to be between 51% and 52%. This is down from a year ago, primarily due to product sales mix, deleverage against product and supply chain expenses within cost of goods sold and store occupancy and depreciation, and lastly, the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar compared to last year. We expect SG&A deleverage by 400 basis points as a percentage of revenue compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. As a reminder, we are annualizing $11 million in foreign exchange gains and $9.1 million in bonus reversals incurred in Q4 2013, which contributes to 340 basis points of the deleverage to the fourth quarter this year. The remainder is driven primarily from the run rate of investments made last year and some timing of spend that shifted to Q4. Our SG&A outlook also reflects preopening costs related to the 13 stores planned to open in Q4, and additional stores planned to open in early Q1 of 2015. Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 142.6 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.69 per share. 
 For the full fiscal year, we expect net revenue for the year to be in the range of $1.765 billion to $1.78 billion. We expect to open 48 corporate-owned stores, which as Laurent mentioned earlier, now includes our first store in Asia, in Singapore, and our second store in London, as well as our first men's-only store in SoHo, New York. For the year, we expect gross margin of approximately 51%, down from last year due to the same factors we've discussed earlier. We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percent of revenue compared to 2013. This is primarily due to continued strategic investment in areas such as IT, international expansion, brand, and again, lapping both the $17 million in the foreign exchange gains incurred throughout last year and reduced management incentive compensation. As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage from 2013 and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.53 to $1.57 or $1.74 to $1.78 when normalized for the nonrecurring tax adjustment we incurred in the first quarter this year.  This is based on 144.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Our guidance does not reflect an estimate of shares repurchased after Q3, and it assumes an effective overall tax rate of 37.9%, which includes the onetime tax adjustment or 29.4%, excluding this tax adjustment. 
 We expect capital expenditures to range between $115 million and $120 million for the fiscal year, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing premises. 
 With that, I'll turn it over for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt McClintock from Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: Since you talked a little bit about opening stores in Singapore and you're expanding internationally, Laurent, given your comments, your prepared remarks, I was just wondering if you could talk about the showroom performance that you're seeing in the varying region. Is there any variances between showroom performance in Europe or in Asia, anything to call out there specifically? And maybe can you just talk about what you're seeing in some of those regions that gives you some of the confidence that the growth opportunities remain as strong as ever? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I think 2 things to point out about the showrooms. I mean, in Europe, we see showroom performance that is very much in line with what we saw earlier when we opened showroom in the U.S. And in Asia, we see a very strong showroom performance, and it's the result of having been there for longer time, longer period of time. The showroom have been opened in Hong Kong for almost 4 years now. So that explains this outsized performance in Asia compared to Europe, but Europe is on track with what we saw in the early years in the U.S. I mean, as far as the outlook, I mean, I really do have a long-term view on both Europe and Asia as having really large potential, and the rest of the world being -- we see larger than North America. Their economies are fluctuating, and our showroom strategy is a really a very powerful and frugal way to go-to-market. So we're opening markets in region. We're seeing traction where we have showrooms, and that will dictate the rollout. So we're still on target to open 40 stores both in Europe and Asia, 20 in each region by 2017, and that might fluctuate a little bit based on European or Asian performance. But long-term, I mean, I see the potential of both regions as remaining very large for the organization. 
Matthew McClintock: And then if I can have follow up to John. Just 150 basis points of supply chain pressure on the margin -- on gross margin this quarter that you felt. How should we think about that over the next several quarters, given that you continue -- you should continue to make supply chain investments in 2015 setting yourself up for 2016? Just the level of pressure that we should expect going -- for the next several quarters? 
John Currie: And you're right. And as we've said throughout the year, 2014 has been a year of investment in shoring up supply chain. I think, in this quarter it was a little bit higher than sort of a run rate based on some additional testing costs that came through in the quarter. But generally speaking, in 2014 -- '15, we'll continue to invest with the run rate of a bigger, more capable team, as you said, to deliver the benefits to product margin and gross margin that we've talked about for 2016. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul from Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I just have 2 questions. Can you talk a little bit about the traffic trends in the stores, I guess, throughout the last quarter and then quarter-to-date? And John, can you give us the new store productivity trends that you're seeing? 
John Currie: Yes. Okay. And the good news within the comp both for Q3 and what we're seeing for Q4 is that -- and similar to Q2, traffic continues to build. So the traffic component of the comp in Q3 was stronger than -- even in Q2 when it turned positive. Now that's offset with lower conversion and units per transaction, which is understandable, given where, I think, we're at is definitely improving brand sentiment and the product assortment to match that is still catching up, but better for Q4. New store productivity continues to be running that $1100 to $1200 per square foot area, a little bit higher than more recent openings. So very consistent, strong performance on the new stores. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Filandro from Susquehanna. 
Thomas Filandro: So first, a quick question for John. Could you possibly dig a little deeper into the quarter store op margin? I think you contracted about 700 [ph]. So does that have anything to do with the store opening delays? And how should we think about that contraction if there's similar contraction in the fourth quarter? And then just quickly on the port slowdown, are the goods that are on the water, are they concentrated in any particular categories or classifications? 
John Currie: Okay. Yes. So on the store operating margin, in Q3, there was a little bit more contraction than would be the norm. I think that's natural, given there's a very heavy new store opening cadence in Q3 and more so than the prior year. So that contracted the store operating margin to be a little bit more than you'd expect typically. The port, to be honest, I couldn't tell you exactly if it's concentrated in anyone that product category. I think we have to assume it's across the board. The other thing that's important to note is even though the disruption with the ports is the U.S. ports, it also impacts our Canadian business because a lot of the ships that come from Asia might stop in L.A., Seattle, and then make their way up to Vancouver, where we unload for Canadian shipments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black, Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: Let me add my congratulations and good luck, John, in your new endeavors. 
John Currie: Thanks. 
Jennifer Black: I think this question is for Tara. You've done some magnificent collections, such as the Sparkle and Exquisite collections. And I wondered if you're planning to do a continuous flow of these collections all year long, and are you seeing an increase in units per transactions with the collections based on the coordinated items that lend themselves to outfitting? 
Tara Poseley: Jennifer, I think just to really reframe what we are focused on for third and fourth quarter of 2014 was really getting the balance of the inventory right between our core and our seasonal product. Q3 was really about tackling the pant wall, and really starting to test some new core products, as well as adding print and color and texture. So really, again, I'm going to underscore our continued focus on core. As we moved into holiday, obviously, it's such a big gift-giving time of year, really focuses the design teams on making sure we are -- wherever we could, getting that beauty and functional in our product because we know that's so incredibly core to our DNA of the brand. So naturally, some of these collections, like Sequence and the Exquisite group reinforce that beauty and functional element to our brand, and you'll continue to see those as we move into next year. But the place we're spending a lot of time on is that core, and we'll really know that the pant wall's not where it should be quite yet, and that's going to be a big focus of the design team as we move into Q1 and Q2 of next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lewis from Wells Fargo. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan, filling in for Paul. You mentioned that product mix hurt your merch margin by 90 bps, and I was just wondering what impact markdowns had on your gross margin this quarter, and then I just wanted to confirm that you said you were less promotional in November. And I was wondering if you were planning to hold that online warehouse sale in fourth quarter. 
John Currie: Okay, yes. In Q3, markdowns were actually a little bit less than the prior year. The only reason I didn't call it out was it was fairly minor, like maybe 10, 15 basis points, but we were less promotional in Q3. Sorry, your question on November. 
Laurent Potdevin: Markdown less on November. 
John Currie: Which, as you said in your prepared remarks, were less promotional. Oh, and the question of an online warehouse sale for Q4, that really depends on how we come through the holiday season, whether we do an online or a physical warehouse sale, that's yet to be determined... 
Laurent Potdevin: And the continuity... 
John Currie: [indiscernible] Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Chen from Mizuho Securities. 
Alex Pham: It's Alex Pham on for Betty. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how the seasonal goods and fashion products were trending. And maybe in a mature market like Canada, give us a sense of that penetration versus core and what it currently looks like in the U.S. 
Tara Poseley: Alex, it's Tara. So the seasonal goods, as we delivered -- outside deliveries increased as we got into third quarter. We definitely saw a strong positive guest response to our seasonal goods. As I said a few minutes ago, the core product, both in the pants and in tanks is an area we're going to -- continuing to be focused on as we move into next year, really driving newness in our core product, which we know is so important. And speaking to the Canadian market, driving that newness in the core product is really going to benefit our Canadian guests quite tremendously because they're looking for that evolved core from us. But they're also responding very well to the seasonal. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the split-out between bricks-and-mortar versus online, do you expect that trend to continue in terms of running slightly negative in the stores? Or are you feeling like traffic may offset some of those dynamics? And then, Tara, as you do continue to focus on the core categories, is the expectation that the materials differ or you may have SKU breadth? How are you thinking about AUR and the innovation in terms of the product side, and what's ahead with the core? 
John Currie: In terms of bricks-and-mortar versus e-Commerce, I mean, as -- we've seen a -- e-Commerce has been strong. Bricks-and-mortar has been gaining traction, as I said, primarily benefited by traffic. And we do expect conversion to stop being the headwind it's been. So my guidance in Q4, actually, we're assuming that stores will be positive, which they have not been for some time. 
Tara Poseley: And then, Oliver, on core, just to remind everybody, development of new fabrics is about an 18 month process. So from the standpoint of seeing materials and fabric evolving, we really won't start seeing that until the back half of next year, and as we get closer to that, we can share that. And from the AUR perspective, I don't see, at this point, AUR going up. But as we're developing new innovation, new silhouettes, building more functional beauty into our product, we'll be looking at those products and making sure our price value equation is appropriately set in the marketplace. 
Oliver Chen: As a quick follow-up, could you comment on men's and how you feel about the positioning now and where it may have opportunity to evolve over time? 
Tara Poseley: I'm feeling really good about men's. Early indications of our men's-only store have been really great, positive guest response. We see, as we are giving men's expanded space both in our Robson store, our stand-alone store, we're able to expand each one of the categories from our sweat category to the no-sweat, which is really the sweatshirts and things you put on after you work out and post-sweat, which is really our Commute Line. We see all 3 of those categories have opportunity to add breadth within those. And as we move into next year, you'll see those categories growing online, which is a great place for us to continue to test and try and learn, as well as expanding what we're doing in our men's-only spaces, where we have that additional square footage. 
Laurent Potdevin: And to add to -- this is Laurent. To add to what John and Tara said, I mean, with a better product assortment, a better flow and also better predictability, we've been able to work much closely with our brand and community team and community -- and communicating very strong cohesive story, as you saw, during Black Friday, so -- and that's a big part of the confidence that we feel in building traffic and returning to positive store comps. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: With productivity in, I think, new stores sounds unchanged, any initiative to kickstart some of your more mature stores? Have you thought about a remodel program or can you just talk about performance in some of your stores more than 5 years old? 
Laurent Potdevin: Do you mind -- I mean, I'm sorry, it's really hard to hear you. Do you mind repeating the question, maybe getting a little bit closer to the phone? 
Matthew Boss: Yes. So productivity in some of your new stores, sounds like unchanged. If we think about some of the mature stores, can you just talk about any initiatives to kind of kickstart performance in your more mature stores, particularly those 5 years or older? 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, in general, especially a high-volume store, we regularly renovate them every 3 years and normal stores, 5 years. In addition, we've got an ongoing program, where older stores that were maybe not in the best location within a mall or on the street or were a little bit too small in terms of square footage, every year, we're doing relocations or expansions. And then in a limited number of cases, as we've talked about, so Robson Street in Vancouver is a good example. We've moved from a very strong 3,400-square-foot store up to more of a flagship store at 4,500 square feet, and that -- flagship's the wrong term because flagships are often characterized as marketing initiatives. But in our -- in this case, it's really a -- it's a much more profitable store. So we're looking for opportunities to make those shifts as well. 
Laurent Potdevin: And we have an entire group internally very much focused on guest innovation and guest experience, so you've seen Whitespace for product. When you think about that, that group has been the same focus on our guest experience, both online and in-store, so longer term, focus on the innovation, but certainly, something that will have an impact on those more mature stores. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just to circle back on the margin front. So it sounds like continued supply chain investments, what kind of a comp next year do you need to lever occupancy and rent? And then if you could just kind of breakdown -- as we think about gross margin, I mean, should we think about gross margin down next year and then the inflection being in 2016? 
John Currie: Yes, in terms of leverage on occupancy and depreciation, I mean, there's a lot of moving pieces. But in general, I'd say a sort of mid-teens comp -- or sorry, mid-single-digits, again, impacted by some of the renovations that we're doing, et cetera, but mid-single-digits is about right. I'm sorry, your second question was what? 
Matthew Boss: Yes, so gross margin overall, in aggregate, should we think about gross margin as down next year, given the supply chain investments? And is that a mid-single digit store comp or all-in comp? 
John Currie: I'm talking store comp. In terms of supply chain investment, gross margin, as I said, I mean, 2014, obviously, a build-the-foundation year, which is continuing into, certainly, the early part of 2015. In addition, we're sort of shifting our focus from simply building foundation investments to investments in supply chain that drive growth. So there'll be that as well, but of course, at this point, we're not guiding to gross margin next year, and in fact, we're still working through the details of new initiatives in terms of our budgeting for next year. So we'll give guidance for next year as we always do when we report Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon from Canaccord. 
Camilo Lyon: I had a couple of questions. Number one, could you tell us, John, what the impact of the online warehouse sale was to the third quarter? Number two, can you just update us on what you just said right now, the prior question, the shifting to investments in supply chain that will drive growth. What kind of investments are those, and what should -- what will we expect to see from the supply chain side that can lead to better growth? And then finally, on gross margin, are you at a point where the seasonal component can start to be a margin-accretive product category in 2015? 
John Currie: Well, I'll take the online warehouse question. Yes, in October, rather than just have markdowns in our -- we made too much site throughout the quarter, and really sort of concentrating sales into a limited time period, as opposed to more spread out in our outlets, we decided to do an online warehouse sale. It was like 3 days. I think we did $3 million to $4 million. Again, it was expected in our earlier guidance, but that did sort of concentrate that level of sales in online versus what -- what otherwise might have been outlets. Sorry, whenever you ask more than 1 question, I always have to ask what's the second question. 
Camilo Lyon: Sure, no problem. So just in response to the prior -- to a prior question, you talked about next year being the year in which you shift some of your supply chain investments to investments that will drive growth, if you could just elaborate on what that means? And then maybe for Tara, the seasonal componentry of your product set, are we at a point that 2015 should have positive gross margin contribution from the seasonal mix? 
Laurent Potdevin: So if you think about the shifting of the investments, I mean, think about further investments in R&D, in some of what Tara and her group are working on in fabrics and new silhouettes as well as continued seamless, authentic guest experiences, both online and in-stores, as well as our continued international development. 
Tara Poseley: And then for the seasonal component, as we move into next year and all the supply chain work we've done on our go-to-market calendar that we've been talking about, we should start seeing those -- we will start seeing those improvements in seasonal product as we move into the back half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff from CLSA. 
Barbara Wyckoff: This question is for Tara. Can you talk about initiatives to stage basic -- excuse me, basic fabric, so you're better able to respond to reorders on seasonal goods and -- quickly? And can you just talk a little bit about the testing mechanism and timing on turnaround time, assuming the fabrics are on hand? 
Tara Poseley: Okay, so I think -- I just want to make sure -- so it's really just taking -- so I'll just talk about what we're working on right now as a team. We've built out a model to really project out our raw materials over a 5-year period, all of the different key raw materials that we use, which is really a stage 1 to make sure that over a 5-year horizon, we're staging the fabrics appropriately. So that's going to continue to help us in our process, really being able to build more speed into our process. And then as for testing, I mean, really, we've -- it was -- Q3 was when we had said we have all of our testing protocols in place upfront in the supply chain stream from raw materials to in our factories, and we hit that, and that's really where I was testing. I wasn't quite sure what your additional question was around testing. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Well, just the timing of the turnaround. Assuming you have the fabric, what -- how long does it take to -- if something checks, how fast can you get back in stock? 
Tara Poseley: Yes. I mean, I'm really not ready to talk about that at this moment in time, but just do know that that's all -- speed is important to us, and we continue to create these improvements in our supply chain in order to take advantage of speed. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, I'm wondering if you can just address your long-term gross margin target. I know you've said in the past, you expect to be able to get back to that 55% level, but it looks like the majority of the decline in gross margin that you're experiencing is a structurally higher cost base. So in the absence of mid-single-digit positive store comps, do you think -- what do you think your long-term gross margin should look like? 
John Currie: Yes. And especially -- if we focus on the core North American business as the base layer, we continue to see the roadmap to get back to the sort of mid-50s gross margin that we had been at. All the work that Tara and Jennifer's teams are doing, as we've talked about in the past, we continue to believe those will deliver about 300 basis points in improvement in gross margin, as well, there's a lot of other efficiencies beyond that, that I think, over time, we'll be able to enjoy. I've mentioned it's not built into that 300 basis points, but even being more buttoned down, we'll be able to provide better guidance to our factory partners that will allow them to reduce the contingency that they need to build into our pricing. So there's other potential upside in there that we see -- that roadmap to 55%. Of course, as you layer on the new markets that are really -- Asia and Europe are effectively startups. Initially, they'll be a lower margin profile, but when they reach a relative level of maturity, that [indiscernible]. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. And John, just one clarification. On the cash balance, $633 million, how much of that is in the U.S. and available for share repurchases? 
John Currie: I don't think there's a lot of it actually in the U.S. Having said that, we've provided already, I guess, in Q1 for the tax that we'll incur on moving cash up. So I think there's another $300 million that we can move up, where the taxes are already been provided for. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg from JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: John, thank you for all the help you've given us over the years and best of luck. Just a couple of quick questions. I was wondering if the supply chain -- I'm sorry, the port strike issues could have a tail end to the first quarter and -- or if you see that problem terminating here in the fourth quarter? And secondly, Tara, if you could just speak to the redesign of the core product. Do you think that's complete in terms of the leggings and the tanks or do you think there's more work to be done there? 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of the port situation, I mean, we're continuing to monitor it basically every day. Of course, if it turned into a strike then... 
Laurent Potdevin: It's not a strike... 
John Currie: Yes, it's not a strike right now. So that would, of course, change things for everyone, but having said that, we've taken steps with respect to our future shipments. So even by the end of December, shipments will be either -- a lot of them will be rerouted through Vancouver, get down to the states by rail. So that will still likely give rise to 1- to 3-day delay, but it won't be that 7 to 10 days that we've been -- that we're seeing right now. So I think as you get into Q1, even January, the impact, if it's status quo, should be minimal. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Tara? 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I'd like to call it the evolution of the core products. So I look at that -- we launched that work in Q3, but as I said, that work is going to be carried into next year. That was just really the start. And I think we've got still a lot of work to do on the tanks, and you'll see more of that as we move into Q1 and Q2, as well as us continuing to test and try new core styles in the bottoms. But we're progressing, and we are on our way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad from Evercore. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask a follow-up question on the comment you made about the women's business turning positive. If you think about a year ago, kind of with all the controversy going on and the impact it had on your traffic, and you kind of reflect on the last year, have you seen the female customer evolve or change at all? I know in our annual holiday survey, it really -- lululemon brand really jumped up with the teen customer, maybe you're seeing a younger consumer drive some of those positive comps in the women's business? Or are you seeing that core female consumer, loyal consumer, start to come back and spend more in the brand? 
Laurent Potdevin: I think we're seeing both. I mean, we're seeing both. We're seeing much greater brand sentiment, and we're seeing, obviously, much greater traffic, I mean, in a lot of the retail that we've seen when Advent came onboard through Ben & McKenzie [sic] [ Baker & McKenzie ]. I mean, we've got a very loyal guest, and she's coming back, and she's coming back more often. So I think it's really a combination of gaining that core loyal customer, and giving her a lot more opportunities to engage with us and buy with us more often and bringing us new guests as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva from Oppenheimer. 
Anna Andreeva: I was hoping to follow-up, not sure if we missed it. What was the comp in Canada and Australia during the quarter? And in Canada, I think you've closed a handful of stores. Maybe talk about the margin profile in the region, and what's the ultimate store footprint that you see in Canada? And just as a follow-up to John. I'm not sure if you commented. Just the quarter-to-date commentary. Did comps continue to sequentially improve along with traffic? 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, Canada. Canada continued to be slightly negative, but again, improving. It was low-single-digit negatives versus the U.S. being low-single-digit positives. Australia is a little bit higher in terms of a comp. I mean, I think there's lots of opportunity there. It comped high single digits in the quarter. Again, I need you to repeat your second question. 
Anna Andreeva: Just on the store footprint opportunity in Canada. I think you closed a handful of stores. And just to follow-up on the quarter-to-date trend, are you seeing improvement in comp along with traffic? 
John Currie: Right. Okay, well, we don't -- we haven't closed any stores. What you're probably seeing is that we've taken some out of the comp base as we've moved them, renovated them. Robson, for example, was our second store worldwide, but with the relocation and the increase in size, it's out of the comp base. So other than that, there's no closures in Canada, and  the sequential -- sorry, third question. Can you repeat it again? Yes, I mean, the trend into November, I think, was your question, is traffic and other metrics are continuing to trend up better than what we saw in Q3. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Ed Yruma from KeyBanc Capital. 
Edward Yruma: Best of luck, John. I guess, 2 components, one, given the strong comps and store growth at ivivva, how would you describe the materiality of the business, the overall profitability? And two, on in-store inventory, I guess, how would you characterize it? I know you're obviously going to see an impact from the port delay, but are you sufficiently in stock to meet demand? 
John Currie: Okay. I mean, I think ivivva's got lots of traction, where, I think, this quarter, we crossed the $1,000-a-square-foot productivity point, but it's still very small. I mean, we'll end the year with 20 stores. They're smaller than lululemon stores so it's not a meaningful component at this point. Again, second question? 
Tara Poseley: In-store inventory, in stock to meet demand. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, in stocking, we're more of a DC-based model. I mean, again, we started the quarter in pretty comfortable inventory positions. And I think through November, deliveries continued to maintain that position. Of course, with the port strike, that's -- or sorry, port disruption, that has caused a gap in this next little while. So we have about 1 million units that are stuck at the ports right now, but there is movement. They're coming through, so it's not optimal, and that's why I reflected that in reduced guidance, but we do see breaking that logjam. And then as I said, we've rerouted subsequent shipments through Vancouver so that the impact won't continue. 
Laurent Potdevin: All right, thank you very much, everybody. We wish all of you a very happy holiday season, and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-09-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Second Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Tham, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 
Chris Tham: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2014 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investors section of lululemon's website at www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form of 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days on the Investors section of the website.
 Hosting our call today is Laurent Potdevin, the company's CEO; John Currie, the company's CFO; and Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 We would like to remind everybody that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.
 For today's call, we have a limit of 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn it over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Good morning, everyone. The results we're sharing with you today are beginning to reflect the ongoing work that is being done across our entire organization, and our sales and bottom line for the quarter finished slightly ahead of plan. We are early in the process of getting back to consistently delivering amazing and innovative products to our guests, along with unmatched guest experiences. We obviously don't aspire to flat same-store sales and earnings that are down year-over-year and yet are confident that the work and investments we're making is building the foundation that will fully unlock lululemon's long-term global potential. 
 On our last call, I laid out 4 key priorities, product, brand, guest experience and international expansion, and our second quarter results indicate consistent progress against those priorities. 
 On the product front, product flows were a dictating force in our sales trend in the second quarter. This was particularly evident in July as we chased into additional prints and bottoms and leveraged our Fast Turn team to create mesh products, which brought newness and excitement in-stores and online. Additionally, our transitional collection, which was a new strategy to bridge summer and fall, was incredibly well received by our guests and created the upside we saw in July by selling through faster than anticipated. While our assortment are not optimal this year, we have started to shift our mix with further improvement expected in 2015. 
 We've also emphasized our commitment to building our foundation over the next 18 months in order to set ourselves up for global growth. One of these foundational areas to strengthen is our go-to-market process. And although it's still early, we are hitting each milestone in the implementation of the calendar that we set to achieve. At this time, we've completed the cadence of the calendar, resulting in 4 additional weeks of creative space for our designers as they start to design for 2015. 
 This past quarter, our Whitespace workshop has started partnering with our ambassadors on 3 different fronts: first, co-creating innovative, technical and beautiful products with a small group of elite ambassadors; second, gaining a deep insight into the athlete-product relationship; and third, testing and validating product development in upcoming launches. 
 The information we derived from our workshop project, combined with a world-class product engine, will drive the innovation that our guests love. 
 Moving on to brand and guest experience. On our last call, I spoke about one of our most unique, yet underleveraged assets, our 1,500 strong army of ambassadors. These athletes are leaders in their communities, they embody our lifestyle and reflect our amazing culture in everything that they do. They are the authentic voices in our communities whose local stories and insights are shifting our global brands and we are committed to building and nurturing this group of inspirational athletes. 
 One of the ways we're harnessing the collective power of this group is through the Online Ambassador Forum we recently launched. Through this forum, more than 1,000 of our ambassadors are connecting and sharing feedback with each other, the lululemon stores and the product and Whitespace teams here in Vancouver. 
 Our SeaWheeze Half Marathon in Vancouver, which  brings together running, yoga and community was once again a tremendous and inspiring success and we are thrilled to see our annual event become such a sought-after destination. We hosted more than 10,000 runners, 70% of whom were from outside of Vancouver and 50% from outside of Canada. In fact, registration for 2015 took place yesterday and sold out in 36 minutes. This event truly embodies the spirit of lululemon and we're rolling out locally relevant experiences in San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York and Toronto from October through December that will reflect that same spirit. 
 This year, the SeaWheeze event took place on the hills of the opening of our flagship Robson store in Vancouver, a beautiful 4,500-square foot space featuring in-store digital storytelling, dedicated space for men's and women's and on-site product personalization. This new space serves as an example of the directions we are taking with similar openings scheduled to take place in Miami and Santa Monica in the next quarter. 
 The store opening was supported with community events that truly showcase the engagement that currently exists among our guests. The store performance in its opening week performed at 141% to plan, which was the highest volume store globally, reaching an 18% penetration in men's sales, the highest in North America. 
 To further elevate our guest experience and global brand awareness, we are relocating our SoHo store in New York and opening both men's and women's stand-alone locations kitty-corner to each other on Prince and Wooster with the men's location opening by late fall 2014. This will provide unique experiences for both men and women in spaces that are designed uniquely for their needs. I look forward to seeing how these 2 stores build a steady partnership while still making sure to one up each other every now and then. 
 Once again, the ivivva business performed very well with a positive comp of 36% this quarter. We recently launched our Dreams & Goals program for all our stores and showrooms to connect with our young guests and we're incredibly excited about the potential of this growing brand. 
 And we continue to invest in our infrastructure to support our goal. We made significant headwinds in improving our online guest experience by opening another distribution center to improve the service level to our guests by delivering products faster. This distribution center is located in Columbus, Ohio. Our new guest order management system went live on July 11. This is a major pillar in our 1-guest omni-channel strategy, enabling efficient routing of orders among all distribution centers. 
 And this quarter, our bag backroom app, which allows us to process sales in-store from our online inventory, created incremental opportunities and enhanced the experience for our guests by giving them access to a broader product selection. 
 Moving on to our international expansion. We are seeing continued demand in brand strength globally with our London store continuing to perform strongly, and we look forward to opening our second store in Chelsea by December 2014. We are on track to build a network of showrooms in both Europe and Asia through 2014 and 2015, and by the end of 2017, to have 20 stores in both regions. And we are very  happy to announce that we've secured a fantastic location in Singapore in the ION mall and are on track for a Q4 opening. We're also in the final stages of securing our first location in Hong Kong scheduled to open early 2015. 
 On the heels of the successful opening in London in the spring and a continuation of strong demand and performance, we continue to look into opportunities to accelerate market entry in other regions, including being in discussions with a potential partner in the Middle East to enter the region by Q4 2015.
 Before I turn the call over to John, I want to mention that we're all looking forward to having Advent back as a shareholder. Advent was an early investor in lululemon and David Mussafer and Steve Collins were both instrumental in helping to guide our growth in the early years. We look forward to having their guidance once again as we write the next lululemon chapter. 
 To summarize, we are on track in building the foundation for our next phase of growth and we continue to focus on innovation and product, brand, guest experience and international growth. We are amplifying our brand storytelling, better leveraging our ambassadors and seeing steady improvement on product innovation and assortment. This foundational work we are doing today is strengthening our leadership position in the market that we originated. 
 And with that, I will turn the call over to John to review the financials. 
John Currie: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our second quarter of 2014 and then I'll update you on our outlook for the third quarter and the full year of fiscal 2014. 
 For Q2, total net revenue rose 13.4% to $390.7 million from $344.5 million in the second quarter of 2013. The increase in revenue was driven by total comparable store sales on a combined basis, including e-Commerce at 0%, comprised of 30% growth online and a bricks-and-mortar stores sales decline of 5%, all on a constant dollar basis; the addition of 44 net new corporate-owned stores since Q2 of 2013, 29 net new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 1 in Australia, 3 stores in New Zealand, 1 in the U.K. and 9 ivivva stores; and offset with a foreign exchange impact of a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $5.1 million or 1.3%. 
 We were able to deliver above our Q2 expectations coming into the quarter due to strong performance of fall transition products that we were able to pull forward from Q3 and drive sales in July. 
 During the quarter, we opened 7 net new corporate-owned stores, 5 in the U.S., 2 ivivva and 1 in Australia and New Zealand, offset with 1 closure in Australia. We ended the quarter with 270 total stores versus 266 a year ago. There are now 206 stores in our comp base: 39 of those in Canada, 136 in the United States, 23 in Australia and New Zealand and 8 ivivva. 
 At the end of Q2, we also have a total of 93 showrooms in operation, 42 lululemon in North America, 18 internationally and 33 ivivva. 
 Corporate-owned stores represented 75.3% of total revenue, or $294 million, versus 79.5% or $273.8 million in the second quarter of last year. 
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $63.5 million, or 16.2% of total revenue, versus $49.4 million or 14.3% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. 
 Other revenue, which includes strategic sales, showrooms, pop-ups and outlets, totaled $33.2 million, or 8.5% of revenue for the second quarter, versus $21.4 million or $6.2 million of revenue in the second quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $197.3 million, or 50.5% of net revenue, compared to $186 million or 54% of net revenue in Q2 2013. The factors which contributed to this 350 basis point decline in gross margin were: product margin decline of 260 basis points due primarily to a higher mix -- sales mix of lower-margin seasonal product; higher input costs, in particular, with print and textured fabrics; 40 basis points of deleverage from occupancy and depreciation; 70 basis points deleverage from continued investment in our design, merchandising and product engine functions; and 50 basis points deleverage from foreign exchange impact on product costs due to the weakening of the Canadian and Australian dollar. These were offset with a decrease in markdowns and discounts of 70 basis points compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2013. 
 SG&A expenses were $129.4 million, or 33.1% of net revenue, compared to $107 million or 31.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. This 17.3% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets, including higher store wages to reflect merit and base pay market adjustments; increased variable operating costs associated with that year-over-year growth in our e-Commerce business; increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees and management incentive compensation; and in addition, we recognized $1.3 million in foreign exchange losses, attributable primarily to the revaluation of U.S. dollar cash balances in our Canadian subsidiary, which increased overall SG&A, this is compared to a $4.4 million foreign exchange gain in Q2 of 2013. These were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which are, on translation, decreased reported SG&A by $2.6 million, or 2%. 
 As a percent of revenue, our second quarter SG&A deleveraged 200 basis points. 
 As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $67.9 million, or 17.4% of net revenue, compared with $79 million or 22.9% of net revenue in Q2 2013. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $21 million, or at the rate of 30.1%, compared to $23.8 million at a tax rate of 29.7% in the second quarter of 2013. 
 Net income for the quarter was $48.7 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, compared to net income of $56.5 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2013. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.5 million versus 145.9 million a year ago. This takes into account the weighted impact of 1.4 million shares repurchased during the quarter at an average price of 39 -- sorry, $39.24 per share. The impact of the share buyback on diluted EPS for the quarter was nominal due to the timing of when the shares were repurchased. 
 Capital expenditures were $26.7 million for the quarter compared to $23 million in the second quarter last year with the increase associated with new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $725.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $176.5 million or 8.3% higher than the end of the second quarter of 2013, reflecting a sequential improved ratio of inventory to forward sales versus the first quarter of this year. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2014. We anticipate Q3 revenue in the range of $420 million to $425 million. This is based on comparable store sales -- sorry, comparable sales percentage increase in the low single digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2013 and assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.91 to the U.S. dollar and 19 new store openings: 1 in Canada, 15 in the U.S and 3 ivivva. 
 Consistent with Q2, we expect gross margin to be approximately 51%. This is down from a year ago, primarily due to product sales mix deleveraged against product and supply chain expenses within cost of goods sold and store occupancy and depreciation, and lastly, the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar compared to last year. 
 We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to the third quarter of 2013, driven primarily from the run rate of strategic investments made last year, and incremental spend in traffic and revenue-driving initiatives that we mentioned last quarter. The majority of these costs associated with the driving traffic initiatives will be incurred in the back half of the year as the timing of some costs slipped from Q3 to Q2. 
 Our SG&A outlook also reflects preopening costs related to the 19 stores planned to open in Q3 and additional stores planned to open in early Q4 of 2014. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 144.7 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 per share. 
 For the full fiscal year 2014, we expect net revenue for the year to be in the range of $1.78 billion to $1.8 billion. We expect to open 47 corporate-owned stores, which, as Laurent mentioned earlier, now includes our first store Asia in Singapore and our first men's only store in SoHo New York. 
 For the year, we expect gross margin of approximately 51%, down from last year due to the same factors impacting Q2 and Q3. 
 We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to 2013. This is primarily due to continued strategic investments in areas such as IT, international, traffic-driving initiatives and lapping both $17 million in foreign exchange gains realized last year and reduced management incentive compensation. 
 As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage from 2013 and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.51 to $1.56 or $1.72 to $1.77 normalized for the nonrecurring tax adjustment we incurred in the first quarter. 
 This is based on 145.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 
 Our guidance does not reflect any estimate of shares repurchased in future quarters and it assumes an overall effective tax rate of 38.5%, which includes the onetime tax adjustment or 30.2% excluding this tax adjustment. 
 We expect capital expenditures to range between $110 million and $115 million for fiscal 2014, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing premises. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: Laurent, can you talk about what percentage of the July flows and go-forward are in the seasonal versus the core category. And then John, if you can you talk about the inventory. You had to pull some of it forward because demand was good. So where does that put you in terms of inventory flows going into the early part of fall season. So if you can talk a little bit about that. And then really quickly, the Canadian comp versus U.S., if you can talk to that. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, as far as the breakdown, I mean, we had this strategy of launching the transitional line that was a bridge between summer and fall that was received really well and the sell-through was higher than anticipated. And so we had a plan of selling 3 weeks of those in July, as well as the first 2 weeks of August and we pretty much moved all of that product in July. So that probably created a void in the first 2 weeks of August. What is the breakdown exactly? 
Tara Poseley: So I have mentioned -- the question also is about the balance of season versus core so -- and as we have talked about in the last call, in Q1, the balance as we move into the back half of the year is going to be about 40% in core, which is similar to what it trended in 2012. John, did you want to... 
John Currie: Yes. On your question on pulling inventory from Q3 into July. Moving the transition line up into July helped July sales relative to what we'd expected when we gave guidance. That did leave us a little bit lighter in that product for August, but still had some remaining that has helped us through August, but a little bit lighter than what we'd expected. So when you look at our revenue guidance from last quarter for the full year, it's really just been a shift from Q3 into Q2. And your other question on comps. On a combined basis, U.S. was up slightly low single digits and Canada was down mid-single digits. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jessica Schmidt: This is Jessica Schmidt on for Ed. Laurent, you've been in the position for a while now. So where do you think you still need to invest to get systems and processes to where you really want them to be? And do you think you have the necessary tools to manage the business? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I really do feel that we've got the necessary tool. I mean, as I mentioned on the call and actually on the prior call, I mean, we are on this journey of building the foundation and I'm really excited to see the team hitting all of the milestones so far. I mean, it's a really deep project that will see all of its results pay off by the first quarter of 2016. But one of the first milestones being to free up a lot of our designers' time and giving them a lot more room to create has been achieved and we've rebalanced the whole calendar. So that first milestone is incredibly critical in our process of really building the most technical, innovative products. So we have the investments. We're still building the team that we've made a lot of progress in getting a lot of amazing talent onboard. And so I'm really excited. It's by no mean a finished project and there is still much work to be done, but we're very much on track, both from a human capital standpoint, from a financial standpoint and from a technology and process standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, 2 questions. I'm sorry if we missed any comments you made about the second quarter comp drivers, whether it was traffic or conversion. You're -- we're curious, in terms of traffic, if there's any sense of loyalists versus new customers, what you're seeing there. And then on the SG&A, John, just some more color on this timing shift. Can you give us some idea of how much spending is shifting into the second half? And it looked a little like you may have reduced your fourth quarter implied earnings guidance. So we're just wondering was it comp or anything else in Q4 that might be taking a more conservative view. 
John Currie: Okay. On your first question, I mean, for the past couple of quarters, traffic has been down and that's what's negatively impacted our comp. But in Q2, actually traffic turned slightly positive so that's encouraging. But the comp was adversely impacted by lower conversion and average basket, which is consistent with the fact that our product assortment wasn't ideal, but again encouraging in terms of trends. In terms of the shift in SG&A, it's really referring to some of the paid search and other traffic-driving initiatives that we'd planned for the 3 quarters when we gave guidance last quarter. With sales trending a little bit higher at the back half of Q2, we didn't spend as much of that as we'd originally anticipated. It's a shift of maybe $2 million to $3 million from Q2 forward. And then your last question regarding Q4, of course, I haven't broken out Q4 in the past, so really the guidance I'm giving today doesn't indicate a drop in Q4. It's consistent with what we've included in my guidance when I gave it last quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: I had a bigger picture question for Tara and Laurent. What are your longer-term ideas in terms of how we prioritize like the factors that will keep you ahead of the competition with respect to product? And then a financial question is on the gross margin side. Is our expectation for merchandise margins to continue to show that positive traction and product mix to continue to be a headwind? 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, before I let Tara maybe getting more into the product, I mean really the bigger strategic moves are really in ramping up everything we do with our Whitespace workshop and combining that with our ambassadors. I mean, as I've said since day 1, I mean, our ambassadors are truly our most underleveraged asset. I mean, they are the voice -- the authentic voice of this brand and we've done a lot of work in having the Whitespace and the ambassadors collaborate in looking at new activities, looking at problems they want to solve during the activities and we have a lot in the pipeline, both from a performance standpoint, from a raw material standpoint and from a category standpoint and we'll be sharing that when we're ready. And obviously, not to forget all the work that we're doing to boost our international expansion that we're getting really strong demand internationally and we started to really accelerate the pace of our rollout with the Singapore store opening, the finalization soon of the Hong Kong location and the second location in London. 
Tara Poseley: So I think Laurent stated it well. I've been going through with the team over the last 6 months a rigorous process of building a 3- to 5-year product raw material strategies and innovation strategies. So obviously, as Laurent stated, we're not going to share those because it's proprietary, but that work is in motion and the teams are executing against that really tight project plan. Again, all of those areas are in place so we look forward to sharing those as we go into the future. 
Operator: Our next question is from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: I was hoping you could give us some color on the new DC opening, how that is expected -- or if that's expected to help product flows this year? Or is that a 2015 benefit? And then just if you could update us on the 2 new mills that you've added this year, their contribution to improving product flows. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, on the DC, I mean, the facility we just opened is in Columbus, Ohio and the biggest improvement right now is the service level to our guests, right? I mean, with the opening of that facility with no additional costs, I mean, we're reaching over 85% of our guests in 2 days. So as we head into Q3 and Q4, we're really excited to see that level of service improve. And then starting in January, we will be delivering to the stores from the facility. And what was the second part of the question? 
Tara Poseley: Something about mills. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: John, as we think about the gross margin trajectory going forward, is your expectation that you'll be able to get back into the mid-50s? Or is the focus on fashion and seasonal product going to keep the margin down in the low 50s going forward? 
John Currie: As we've said, I mean, in the near term, you're likely to see gross margin in a similar range to what you've seen in Q2. The work underway that Tara's team and Jennifer's team are doing on the go-to-market calendar over the next couple of years, we see significant improvement in gross margin coming from those initiatives. I think I've said in the past, maybe 300-or-more basis points. And then in terms of pricing architecture, we're really not at a point of talking about whether there will be significant changes that would impact product margins. So for the time being, I assume that, that would not be a factor. But I mean, bottom, bottom line, just with the improvements on the process side, we see getting back closer to that mid-50s level. 
Lorraine Maikis: And what's the time frame on that? 
John Currie: Well, not until we get into 2016 and these initiatives have really taken hold and have impacted the seasons that we'll be delivering in 2016. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I just had a follow-up question on Lorraine's gross margin question. Obviously, understanding you don't want to reveal any trade secrets about the work you're doing on the supply chain, we're just trying to understand the move from the low 50s to the mid-50s in gross margin. Is that being driven by an ability to take price in the assortment? Are you looking at trying to save on average unit cost? Maybe if you can just help us understand what the levers are that could get you there. 
John Currie: Yes, it's really not based on taking pricing. That's always the last lever that we want to be pulling. It's primarily based on efficiencies, I mean the obvious ones being reduction in airfreight and some of the other costs, efficiencies coming from the new DC, but also just a much smoother and more efficient process from design all the way through to delivering to the stores. 
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad of ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: Two questions. First one is on the success you're seeing in the transitional merchandising assortment. What's really going on there? What are you learning? What's so good about the assortment that's really driving that business? And how can you kind of carry forward that momentum or even build upon it going forward? Any insight, especially around product and stylings that's driving that? And the second question I have is on ivivva. You mentioned a really good number there -- comp number there. I know it's really small, but maybe you could talk about the long-term vision for that concept and brand and how it's going to fit versus the lululemon brand and complement it and where you see that going long term? 
Tara Poseley: So I'll answer the success of the transition line. I think it really underscores what I had been talking about over the last 2 quarters about our opportunity to be really consistent in bringing the beauty and the technical back to our products and I think that line, definitely illustrating that. I also think the work that the team did with print and also some of the print that we chased into in the quarter also we saw great response there. So again it's just that newness and beauty, that's always underscored by a great technical product. I mean, did you want to talk about ivivva? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, with ivivva and especially having a 12-year-old daughter, I mean, I'm very, very excited about the work that we're doing with ivivva. I mean, there's so much correlation with what we're doing at lululemon. And when you see the Dreams & Goals programs that we rolled out for little girls, I mean, it's been incredibly well embraced by our young guests. And with sales getting into -- close to $1,000 per square foot, I mean, we're very happy with the result. And we're creating the next generation of lululemon guests, so a very exciting prospect. And in the meantime, we're doing great work with our -- in our communities with little girls. So yes, we see a bright future with ivivva. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Drbul of Nomura Securities. 
Robert Drbul: John, I was wondering if you could give us some commentary around new store productivity trends, U.S., Canada, men's productivity, ivivva productivity. 
John Currie: Okay. Just making sure I don't miss any part of the question. New store productivity, again, in Q2, new store productivity was coming in around $1,100 to $1,200 a square foot, that's similar to where we've been coming in for the last year or more. In terms of men's, we don't really break up productivity by men's. I mean, in terms of comp, I mean, men's comp up 5%. But again, I don't have that productivity broken out. And as Laurent mentioned, ivivva, it's on track to end the year at somewhere a little over $1,000 per square foot of productivity. 
Robert Drbul: Got it, okay. And I'm not sure if I missed it, but did you guys give a full year e-Comm sales estimate that's included in the guidance today? 
John Currie: We didn't break out whole year e-Commerce estimate, e-Commerce is -- in Q2, it was running about 16%. Typically, it goes up a little bit in the fourth quarter, but we haven't specified an e-Commerce  number for the year. 
Operator: Our next question is from Betty Chen of Mizuho Securities. 
Betty Chen: I was just wondering, John, if you can talk a little bit more to the SG&A deleverage. Should we expect the magnitude to be similar to what we saw in the first half? Or given the shift in timing, should it be a little bit greater? And whether we should expect that growth rate to continue in 2015? And then my second question is related to earlier. What were the women's comp during the second quarter? And how did that measure against Q1, if we saw any sequential improvement? 
John Currie: Okay. SG&A, the guidance I've given, say, for Q3, I you see a margin profile pretty similar to Q2. The thing to watch for as you look at our second half, and I mentioned Q2 was skewed a little bit by sort of nonrecurring sort of foreign exchange gains last year versus losses this year and that simply comes from the balance sheet date revaluing the U.S. dollars held in the Canadian company, so it's really not an indication of the health of the business. But if you look at last year, the Canadian dollar dropped significantly. So for the full year last year, as I said in my prepared remarks, the foreign exchange gain that was offsetting our SG&A was about $17 million and most of that was in the back half. So we wouldn't expect to have that benefit again this year. Also last year, because we missed our budget and plans, our bonus accruals were reduced, primarily in the back half, and that was sort of a high single-digit millions benefit to SG&A this year that we won't enjoy that -- sorry, last year that we won't enjoy this year. Seems strange to say enjoy a lack of a bonus, but anyway. Women's comp, I said men's was plus 5%. I believe women's was just slightly negative. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I wanted to ask another gross margin question. In the last couple of quarters, we've seen some pretty nice sequential improvement in the rate of decline in your product margins. You called out last quarter 110 basis points of discounts that hurt and you didn't call it out this quarter. And then also some of the negative mix impact got better. I was actually curious, how do we think about what's embedded in your gross margin guidance for the back half of the year? Could you actually get a bit of a tailwind from discounts that you put into place in the fourth quarter? Or are we looking at the 2Q kind of run rate kind of product margin compression being pretty similar? 
John Currie: Yes. Looking at the back half, I mean, your question on discounts, we -- I don't think I called that out, but I mean markdowns and discounts were a little bit lighter in Q2 this year than last year. The back half, there might be a little bit of a tailwind because we had an online warehouse sale last year. We may not duplicate that this year. But other than that, I mean, the items in our gross margin guidance, I mean, there continues to be some tailwind from product mix; FX, again the Canadian dollar continuing lower will impact at sort of 30 to 50 basis points; and with lower year-over-year revenue, there's deleverage on our fixed costs, so occupancy and depreciation and the cost of the product teams. So those continue to be the main pieces of the gross margin guidance. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Filandro of Susquehanna Financial Group. 
Thomas Filandro: I had a question on the DTC channel. I was hoping you can give us a sense of like what's driving the acceleration? Is it transaction, the average dollar growth, anticipation of what we should see for the balance of the year? And can you also address what the contraction was in that channel? I think it was down 220 or so for the period. And then Laurent, just very quickly, I think you mentioned this earlier about the omni-channel initiative in-store driving some perform there. Can you expand on exactly what it is you guys are doing in-store to offer that customer the full assortment? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we've rolled out -- it was a pilot earlier this year, maybe even at the end of last year actually and we rolled out to all stores now the bag backroom app. So it's an iPod device that's rolled out in all of our stores that give access to the entire online inventory for our educators to see to service our guests. So when you're in-store, you not only obviously have access to the in-store inventory, but now you have access to the whole online inventory and we've seen great momentum in growing this business last quarter to about 1% of our retail sales. So much better service for our guests and much better use of our online inventory. And we've also rolled out a new guest order management system that allows us to flow the orders better through the different DCs. So that was the bag backroom app and obviously we set up a full group in-house to really look at the guest experience. And as we build further technology, I mean, we're obviously going to enhance -- we're going to continue to play with technology and enhance the service that we're providing in maximizing the inventory between the channels. 
John Currie: On your question on your DTC, as I said in the prepared remarks, e-Commerce comped up 30%. That was driven pretty much entirely by increased traffic. So strong traffic growth continues, not much of a change in terms of conversion or average order value. Your other question, I think, you said down 220 basis points, you might be looking at the margin -- the DTC margin that's contained in the Q. But if that's what you're getting at, it's really just a flow-through of the lower gross margin. Most of the costs related to DTC are variable other than the product margin. 
Operator: Our next question is from Faye Landes of Cowen and Company. 
Faye Landes: I'm just hoping that you can elaborate a little bit more on inventory. The -- pretty consistently, the products that sell really well sell out ahead -- earlier than you've expected, which is, in some ways, a high-class problem, obviously, but you're also leaving money on the table. I don't remember the last quarter where that didn't happen. So can you talk about how you plan to adjust things so you can fully capitalize on the opportunities that you have? 
Tara Poseley: Okay, I'll take that one. Yes, so what we talked about in Q1 where we've seen the high sell-through in the seasonal goods and we had over planned our expectations for it. So what we did for Q3, obviously we weren't able to affect Q2, what we did for Q3 was really shift that core investment open-to-buy into the seasonal product. We went back and looked at sell-throughs on all of our seasonal products in Q1, made sure we are planning our APS appropriately in Q3 and really get that diligence in making sure we were investing appropriately. But we will -- I mean, we also do really value the scarcity model. We've done very well markdown rate in the brand, which I love. So it's always that fine balance and that's what we are working and perfecting towards. And then as part of what we had talked about, I think we had mentioned this earlier, we're in the process of implementing a new planning and allocation tool that will be fully live for the planning of winter 2015 and we're on time and on budget with the execution and implementation of that tool. 
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Can you just update us on where you stand on like senior level hires and what senior level open positions are still there? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we've got 4 senior level positions open. We're in the final stages of the HR and brand and community search and we're probably about halfway through the process with the CFO search and the Managing Director for Europe search. 
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez of Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: Sorry if I missed any comments about the showrooms, but can you maybe talk about how your showrooms are performing? What percent of them are you happy with? And which geographies do you feel most comfortable that the brand is resonating? 
John Currie: Maybe I'll take that. We had probably the most showrooms we've ever had open during the quarter. I think it was 90, 93. 33 of those are ivivva, which is a real expansion of the showroom program for ivivva. The showrooms in North America for lululemon continue to perform as they have and they are our barometer for where a market is ready for a store. I think, more interestingly, the international showrooms, speaking broadly, the ones in Asia are doing extremely well, much better than the counterparts that we had in the U.S. as we expanded into the U.S. So Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, those showrooms are very strong, which is an indication that there had already been brand awareness in Asia. In Europe, with the London store opening well ahead of our expectations and the other showrooms in London are continuing to perform very well again because there's growing brand awareness in London. And the other European showrooms are really doing quite similar to how the U.S. showrooms did when we really expanded that program back in 2009. So they're on track building brand awareness and we're building showroom sales, which is one of the indications of when we are ready to open stores. So I'd say, overall, the European showrooms are on track. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dorothy Lakner of Topeka Capital Markets. 
Dorothy Lakner: Just a question for, I guess, either Laurent or Tara. In terms of the milestones that we should be looking at into the back of the year as to where you are in the calendar and getting to where you want to be from a product standpoint, what should we be looking for as that product comes into the stores in the second half of the year. You were obviously able to chase more in second quarter. What should we be looking for in the third and into holiday? 
Tara Poseley: So for the back half, obviously, the go-to-market calendar and all the work that we're doing with that, we commenced that in Q1 of this year. So obviously that did not affect Q3 and Q4 of this year since that was already bought and commercialized at that time. So really for the back half of the year, it was rebalancing the core versus the seasonal, which I just talked about a few minutes ago and just making sure that we are investing appropriately in the seasonal. We continue to really focus with the design team on making sure we're getting all of that beauty and technical, always technical, back into our products because we are very proud that we are the originator for that in that -- in the space and a lot of focus there. So that's really -- that's the focus for this year and then just using our Fast Turn where we can to continue to chase into products. A good example of that is the Fast Turn team to create a special capsule -- a little capsule product to vibrate before Black Friday. [indiscernible] price selling during that weekend. 
Operator: Our next question is from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Tara, just a question on the product mix. I think you've introduced a lot of new bottoms to try and reinvigorate that core category. I was wondering if you could talk about the performance there and your outlook as we go forward for that category. And Laurent, I think you had defined $10 million in incremental SG&A spending on traffic-driving initiatives for the stores and -- or for the entire business and I'm wondering if that -- there was impact on the SG&A line from that in the second quarter or if most of that will be incurred in the back half or if we potentially could see more investment there. 
Tara Poseley: Yes, Janet, you're right. We had talked about that Q3 was going to be a focus on really reinvigorating our core products starting with the bottom. And early signs are that some of the -- there is some emerging core that is in-store now that we're excited about as we move in  -- I'm not going to call out what those involve because that's proprietary information, but we are seeing some good signs there. And then as we move into Q4, the other area that we have -- we're really clear that we needed to continue to evolve and create newness within tops and the tanks and we're also we'll be testing some new emerging core in those areas as well. And then the Fast Turn team will continue to also be testing and learning and getting that insight and information that we can chase into the future quarters. 
Laurent Potdevin: And then to the second part of your question, I mean, we had allocated $7 million to drive traffic through increased paid search, online campaigns, e-mail segmentation and redesigning our product notification that are so relevant to our guests. And most of that spend will happen in the back half of the year. I mean, in Q2, I think we spent less than $1 million on it and we looked at sell-through and inventory and saved that investment for the second part of the year. 
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Poser of Sterne Agee. 
Ben Shamsian: It's Ben Shamsian for Sam. Wanted to dig in a little bit more on the brick-and-mortar side of the business. Can you provide us with the traffic in the brick-and-mortar stores? And then, if you could, the comps by month in the brick-and-mortar? 
John Currie: Traffic in bricks-and-mortar was up sort of mid-single digits and -- but I don't break up monthly comps. I will say, though, that July ended up a little stronger than our expectations because of, as we talked about, the pull-forward of the transition line. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about where do you stand on some of the improvements and -- from the third-party consultants, what you're learning as they look at the organization and the processes? And then just lastly, Tara, what -- on the new line where you've seen the big improvement, on the style, price, how are the learnings able to influence the other products flows in the short term? And is the margin of this product, do you see that developing early in the ability to have improved margin? 
Tara Poseley: Okay. So the third-party consultants that we brought in to help us with re-engineering our go-to market calendar, we've had really good insight. I think, on the whole, it's a lot around how we were sequencing events within the calendar and we're going through a process of resequencing how we bring products to market. Some things were happening too late in the process that need to be moved forward. I'm not get into all that detail, but we've really, really honed in on what those pieces are and are going through the process of a redesign of every single quarter for each season. And we are on track by Q1 of 2016 to have a fully operational go-to-market calendar. And then, I think, -- Dana, what was your second question? It was about style and price and what we can do in the short term? This is a very scrappy and entrepreneurial culture, which I deeply value and we literally are learning minute-by-minute about our assortments as we see that getting in and using our Fast Turn team when we can to react quickly to get those learnings in and then also infusing that into any of the learnings into the future seasons that are in process and being worked on. 
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Laurent Potdevin for closing remarks. 
Laurent Potdevin: We'd like to thank you, all, for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you again in the quarter. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-06-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica First Quarter 2014 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Therese Hayes. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Therese Hayes: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2014 conference call. A copy of today's press releases are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at lululemon.com, or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission's website. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days, also available on the website. 
 Hosting our call today is Laurent Potdevin, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. Our Chief Product Officer, Tara Poseley, will also be available during the Q&A. We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts may be deemed or constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. 
 We have about 1 hour for today's call. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn it over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter results. There are obviously a number of things for us to discuss on this call, and a couple of them I'm going to leave to John, namely the share buyback and its future plans. 
 Q1 results were in line with our expectations as sales came in slightly above our guidance, and we are pleased that overall gross margin and earnings were achieved with lower markdowns than last year. We knew, heading into 2014, that driving sales in the first half of the year would be impacted by a suboptimal product assortment, combined with tough traffic trends. Q2 sales have solid arc behind plans and costs are more impacted than we had originally anticipated. In response to this, we have launched a number of initiatives to drive sales and increase long-term guest loyalty. 
 I would like to spend a majority of my time with you focusing on what I believe are the 3 key priorities that will continue to drive Lulemon as a market leader in the future. One, we are continuing to build our product engine to relentlessly innovate and consistently flow new products and exciting products to our stores for both men and women, including having our whitespace workshop and a world-class sourcing organization that are fully integrated with the product development team; two, we are implementing a branding and communication strategy that will create long-term guest loyalty, bring guests back and attract new ones; and three, we are pursuing our international growth with an aggressive yet sustainable plan. 
 So first on product. On our last call, I spoke to preventing quality issues from getting to our guests. We have made significant progress with the product engine and are seeing results with an increasingly higher pass rate at our factories, and a 12% improvement in the past 12 months. As part of our longer term strategy, we are aggressively focused on redesigning our go-to-market calendar to support our global growth. The first phase of this project relating to fact finding and initial assessment is complete. The above process will be fully redesigned and implemented over the next 18 months, and we will see incremental improvement along the way to get back to our long-term growth margin goals of mid-50s. 
 For Q3 and Q4 of this year, we are focused on clarifying roles and responsibilities, freeing up a significant portion of our designers' time so they can focus on what they do best: Being innovative and creating beautiful, technical products. We will implement process and system solutions throughout 2015 to significantly improve the flow of seasonal product to the right store, at the right time and in the right amount. We will start seeing a measurable impact of this work in Q2 of 2015, and we'll continue to gain momentum into the back half of the year. 
 This enhanced predictability will enable us to tell clear brand and product storage in season and across categories. And by Q1 2016, we will have a fully operational, word-class product engine to support a global, omni-channel, multi-brand business with localized assortment capability. 
 All of these efforts will not only result in amazing products, and therefore, increase traffic and consumption, but will play a significant role in getting back to our margin goals. 
 We are very pleased with the momentum of our men's business, which experienced a 9% comp in the quarter, on track with our expectation. And as mentioned on our last call, we look forward to seeing men's dedicated spaces come to life in Vancouver, Santa Monica and Miami in the next couple of months. 
 And our girl's brand, ivivva, continues to perform incredibly well and achieved its highest comp yet in Q1 '14 at 39%. ivivva store and showroom openings are on track for 2014 with 10 and 20 locations, respectively. 
 Next, and as it relates to brand. You're about to see actions that focus on driving traffic and sales. Lululemon can get to the very digital steady guests and have greatly substantial investment to flex all digital muscle through a variety of activations that include: the implementation of a social platform that allows us to leverage the power of our method of community; in-store technology has been rolled out to our entire network of stores to provide our guests the ability to shop our online inventory warning store, which is greatly enhancing the experience by broadening access to products, and we're seeing great results already; additional paid sales, affiliate programs, and on top of these digital projects, we're opening 14 pop-up stores across Canada and the U.S. from April through to September. These stores allow us to target new guests, drive additional sales and showcase the brand in unexpected ways. 
 Last, but not least, our international expansion. I'm really excited about the momentum that we continue to build in what we see as significant opportunity and a long-term growth driver. The success of our first London store opening, which is on track to do $7 million in its first year, is a testament to the international demand for our brand. In other parts of the world, we continue to experience increasing traffic and volume in our showroom. 
 In the past couple of months, we built a very clear 4-year roadmap to increase our overall footprint in Europe, Asia and other parts of the world. This will provide continued footprint growth as the North American business matures, and as we reach our anticipated store count of about 350 in North America. 
 By the end of 2014, we will have a presence in 8 countries outside of North America through stores, strategic sales partners and showroom. And when adding eCommerce, the number of countries our product is reaching is 83. We're on track to open our second store in London by year-end, and we expect our first store in Hong Kong by Q1 of 2015. 
 Throughout 2014 and 2015, we are focused on growing our showroom network, with store rollout expected to really ramp up in 2016 and beyond. By the end of 2017, we plan to be present in all major European and Asian regions, with more than 20 stores in both Europe and Asia. 
 2014 is very much a transitional year for Lululemon, and we are on track with the improvements we are set to achieve. We are focused on building a scalable foundation to further elevate our North American business and foresee the brand's incredible international potential. 
 I am confident that the work we're doing today will only enhance our premium positioning, as we continue to lead the market as the market innovator. 
 And now I will like to turn the call over to John. 
John Currie: Thanks, Laurent. Before I review the details of our first quarter of 2014 and update you on our outlook for the year, I want to begin by talking about the share repurchase program that we announced this morning. 
 The Board has approved a program to buy back up to $450 million of our common shares, that's dollars, of course, at prevailing market prices over the next 2 years. To fund this plan, we will repatriate cash from our Canadian subsidiary to our U.S. parent company, which will trigger a onetime tax charge of $30.9 million, taken on earnings from prior years that were previously not subject to U.S. tax. This nonrecurring tax expense is recorded in our first quarter results and represents a $0.21 impact on our diluted earnings per share. This now increases our available cash in the U.S., allowing us the flexibility to distribute capital back to our shareholders. We believe in the long-term value of the company, and this program will serve to create shareholder value as we execute it over time. 
 Now on to our first quarter results. For Q1, total net revenue rose 11.2% to $384.6 million from $345.8 million in the first quarter of 2013. The increase in revenue is driven by total comparable sales growth on a combined basis, including e-Commerce of 1% on a constant dollar basis, comprised of 25% growth online and a bricks-and-mortar stores sales decline of 4%, all on a constant dollar basis; the additional 45 net new corporate-owned stores since Q1 of 2013, 30 net new stores in the U.S.; 2 stores in Canada; 2 stores in Australia; 2 in New Zealand; 1 in the U.K.; and 8 ivivva stores; and offset with the foreign exchange impact of a lower Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $10.1 million or 2.6%. 
 During the quarter, we opened 9 corporate-owned stores: 3 Lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Australia and our first store in the U.K., as well as 4 ivivva stores in the U.S. We ended the quarter with 263 total stores versus 218 1 year ago. There are now 202 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 131 in the U.S., 24 in Australia and New Zealand and 8 ivivva. We also opened another 2 international showrooms during the quarter, 1 in the U.K. and 1 in China, for a total of 7 in Asia and 9 in Europe at the end of Q1. 
 We now operate a total of 76 showrooms, which also include 18 ivivva locations. 
 Corporate-owned stores represented 74.9% of total revenue or $288.1 million, versus 77.9% or $269.4 million in the first quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $66 million or 17.2% of total revenue versus $54 million or 15.6% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. 
 Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms, warehouse sales and outlets, totaled $30.5 million or 7.9% of revenue for the first quarter, versus $22.5 million or 6.5% of revenue in the first quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $195.7 million or 50.9% of net revenue, compared to $170.7 million or 49.4% of net revenue in Q1 2013. The factors which contributed to this 150 basis point increase in gross margin were: the 510 basis point improvement in gross margin, due to anniversary in the Luon write-off provision from last year; a decrease in markdowns and discounts of 110 basis points, compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2013. And these were offset with product margin decline of 310 basis points due primarily to a higher sales mix of lower margin seasonal items, and also in part attributable to higher raw material costs associated with prints and textured garments, as well as duty adjustments that were trued up this quarter; 50 basis points deleverage from the foreign exchange impact of -- on product costs due to the weakening of the Canadian dollar; higher airfreight costs of 40 basis points; and 70 basis points deleverage from continued investment in our product and supply chain functions. 
 SG&A expenses were $125.9 million or 32.7% of net revenue, compared with $104.8 million or 30.3% of net revenue in the same period of last year. The 20.1% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets, as well as higher wages across our stores to reflect merit increases and base pay market adjustments; increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business, consistent with the year-over-year revenue growth in this channel; increases in expenses at our Store's Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees and management incentive compensation, associated with the growth in our business. And in addition, we recognized $1.5 million in foreign exchange losses, which added to overall SG&A. And these were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which decreased reported SG&A by $5.4 million or 4.3%. 
 As a percent of revenue, our first quarter SG&A deleveraged 240 basis points due primarily to the run rate of prior year investments and new incremental operating expense needed to drive long-term growth. 
 As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $69.8 million or 18.2% of net revenue, compared with $65.9 million or 19.1% of net revenue in Q1 2013. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $52.5 million. This includes the onetime adjustment of $30.9 million related to the repatriation of foreign earnings to fund the share buyback program. Excluding this tax adjustment, the tax rate would have been 30.1%, compared to 29.8% in the first quarter of 2013. 
 Net income for the quarter was $19 million or $0.13 per diluted share. On a normalized basis, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.34, compared to net income of $47.3 million or $0.32 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2013. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.9 million versus 145.8 million 1 year ago. 
 Capital expenditures were $25.4 million for the quarter, compared to $21 million in the first quarter of last year, with the increase associated with new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $752 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the year -- sorry, end of the first quarter was $177.4 million or 23.4% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2013. 
 Similar to the last quarter, this is higher than optimal, due primarily to a higher composition of core inventory. We expect to continue to rebalance our inventory levels as we head into the back half of the year, and have adjusted our assortment more in line with guest demands for fall and winter. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year of 2014. May performance to date has been soft, as our comps have declined from the first quarter. As a result of our comp trends, we have deployed revenue-driving initiatives for both our stores and e-commerce site, some of which Laurent addressed earlier. 
 In addition, we've opened pop-up locations to capture demand in areas that otherwise would not have a store. While these initiatives are good for the long term, as they primarily encompass full price selling, they do come with increased SG&A costs. 
 We expect these initiatives to mitigate some the sales mix over the rest of 2014. 
 As a result, we're adjusting our Q2 and full year revenue and SG&A forecast for these changes. We currently anticipate Q2 revenue in the range of $375 million to $380 million. This is based on comparable sales percentage decrease in the low- to mid single-digits on a constant dollar basis, compared to the second quarter of 2013. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.91 with the U.S. dollar, and 12 new store openings: 7 in the U.S.; 2 in Australia and New Zealand; and 3, ivivva. 
 Consistent with Q1, we expect gross margin to be between 50% and 51%. This is down from 1 year ago, primarily due to a higher mix of lower marginal seasonal product, deleveraged against product and supply chain expenses within cost of goods sold, store occupancy and depreciation; and lastly, the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian dollar compared to last year. 
 We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percent of revenue compared to the second quarter of 2013, which is driven primarily from the run rate of strategic investments made last year, and incremental spend in traffic in revenue-driving initiatives. 
 While these investments to drive the top line, the associated sales carry a reduced flow-through percentage. Finally, due to a slightly stronger Canadian dollar relative to the end of Q1, we will incur foreign exchange losses that will increase SG&A. 
 Our SG&A also reflects preopening costs related to the 12 stores planned to open in Q2 and additional stores planned to open in early Q3 of 2014. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30.2% and 146 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.30 per share. 
 For the full fiscal year 2014, we expect net revenue for the year to be in the low to mid of our previous guidance at $1.77 billion to $1.8 billion. We expect to open 45 corporate-owned stores, including our Australian stores and the ivivva locations. We're also on pace to operate up to 20 international showrooms by the end of this year. For the year, we expect gross margin of approximately 51%, down from last year, due primarily to product mix, continued investment in our supply chain and product operations functions, and also foreign exchange impacts from a weaker Canadian dollar. 
 We are on track to open our second U.S. distribution center in Columbus, Ohio in August, which will go live initially with e-Commerce, with retail fulfillment to begin in Q1 of 2015. As I mentioned before, the startup costs and increased capacity will initially delever our gross margin by 30 to 40 basis points in 2014. 
 We expect SG&A deleverage as a percent of revenue compared to 2013. This primarily includes investment in corporate SG&A in areas such as brand, IT, guest experience and international that were included in our original guidance for the year. 
 The traffic and sales initiatives discussed earlier will result in an incremental investment in the $10 million range. In addition, our SG&A forecast is also setting aside funds for additional strategies currently being developed and evaluated for approval. 
 As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to delever from 2013 and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.50 to $1.55, or $1.71 to $1.76, normalized for the tax adjustment. This is based on 146.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding as our guidance does not reflect any estimate of shares repurchased, and it assumes an overall effective tax rate of 38.6%, which includes the onetime tax adjustment, or 30.2%, excluding this tax adjustment. 
 We expect capital expenditures to be between $110 million and $115 million for fiscal 2014, reflecting new store buildouts, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing premises. 
 And finally, before we open up the call to questions, I want to take a minute to speak to the announcement today that I will retire at the end of the fiscal year, once we transition to my successor. As many of you know, we are a very goal-oriented company, and it's been -- long been a part of my goal to expand my involvement, serving on corporate and nonprofit boards. And for those of you who know me really well, you know that my long-standing goal has been to ski each season the number of days equal to my age. Since I turn 60 next year and these goals are difficult to achieve with a day job, I've decided that this is the time to announce my retirement plans. This will allow the company to initiate a comprehensive search for my replacement and to allow for a smooth transition. 
 So this isn't the time to say goodbye as I'll be around for a number of months, and you'll have me to kick around on at least a couple of more earnings calls. And so with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Bob Drbul of Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: John, best of luck and congratulations on the retirement. Laurent, I guess the first question that I have really is, with John retiring, should we expect additional management changes, now that you've had some further time to sort of assimilate into the organization and create a little bit more of a view? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, first off, I mean, we're all incredibly sad to see John deciding to go and start his professional skiing career. But we've got a number of months with him before that happens. And with every transition, you do have changes, and we have a couple of other changes, including one change in brand, in our Brand and communications department. 
Robert Drbul: Okay, great. And then within the new -- within the updated outlook, on the gross margin side and even on the sales side, can you just update us around like the expectations for the seasonal offerings and the Fast Turn capsules, related to both top line and the gross margin? 
Therese Hayes: So I'll speak to Fast Turn and, John, if you want to field the gross margin questions. But I think we've talked a lot about 2014 being the year of building our foundation. And we've been doing a lot of work for the back half of the year to rebalance the assortments between the seasonal core, really reflecting where the guests' appetite is for seasonal core. Also we have used our fast turn group to chase into additional prints and bottoms for the third quarter. And then as we move into fourth quarter, we continue to use that team to chase into product, as well as we've worked really diligently to make sure more of the beauty and technical is that, I've you spoken to in prior calls and then on the Analyst Day, but making sure we are more consistently showing up with that in our product. 
John Currie: And on your gross margin question, as long as I'm getting it right, I think in our gross margin will be pretty consistent with where it was in Q1 through the first 3 quarters. And then, of course, in the fourth quarter, due to higher volumes, it'll be a couple of basis -- or a couple of hundred basis points higher. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I was hoping maybe you could just parse out the quarter-to-date deceleration in the comp trend. How much of that is a traffic issue? And how much of that may be the product flow issue? And then maybe just some more commentary on the pop-up stores. Maybe what's the duration of the leases? And could those potentially become permanent stores as well? 
John Currie: Okay. It's hard to dissect the comp only a few weeks into the quarter. But actually, what we're seeing is traffic a little bit stronger, which is very encouraging, but conversion down, which makes sense with a non-ideal product assortment. So it means -- it's telling us that we're maintaining the guests coming in. And when the product is right, that should deliver a rebound, but in the back half. And in on the pop-up stores, I think your question would these be the permanent? They're typically leases of less than 6 months, and unlikely that any of these will be permanent stores. There might be some locations where we would seek out a permanent store, but not in these existing locations. 
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: I was wondering if you could talk longer term about the gross margin and your targets to get back to the mid-50s. I just -- I guess, just thinking about the perspective, back when your margins were more healthily steadily there, your comps were at a much more elevated level. And obviously, your mix shift was a bit -- your mix was a bit different, more skewed to the higher margin core product. And obviously that's transitioning and weighing down on your margin now. So what are the factors that you think longer-term can get your gross margin back to the mid-50s? 
John Currie: Okay. Tara, maybe I'll take it and you can add whatever you'd like. When I look at our longer-term gross margin where I see tremendous opportunity to get back to that mid-50s range, it comes from all the work that Tara and Jennifer Battersby and their teams are doing to change the go-to-market process to operate more efficiently and just work with our factory partners in a more organized, disciplined way. We see that potentially driving 300 to 500 basis points of improvement over time. That'll take a couple of years to get there, but there's a pretty clear roadmap that we're seeing that should deliver that. Tara, anything to add? 
Tara Poseley: No. I think unless there's additional questions. 
Operator: Our next question is from Barbara Wyckoff of CLSA. 
Barbara Wyckoff: Congrats to John. I'm going to talk about -- ask about gross margin, too. You mentioned lower margin on seasonal product, is that because you're intentionally taking a lower IMU, because the costs are higher, due to smaller quantities? Are there higher markdowns, air shipping? And at what point do you think that IMU or that margin comes up? 
John Currie: Yes. I'd say -- I mean, generally, it is higher cost, whether it's textures and prints or additional features that in our pricing architecture, we haven't taken full pricing. And so they do tend to have a lower margin. I think Tara's commented in the past that, potentially, over time, we look at that pricing architecture. But for the near-term, that's really what's driving the larger or the lower margin on the seasonal items. 
Operator: Our next question is from Matt McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: I was wondering if you could focus more on the revenue-driving initiatives. I understand the pop-up stores, but could you talk about what you're doing specifically for what would impact the comp base? Like what type of revenue-driving initiatives would impact either your e-Commerce business or the stores and the comp base? 
Laurent Potdevin: Sure. Yes. We -- I mean, Lululemon engages a very digitally savvy guests, and we really haven't flexed our muscle there. And we're doing a number of things. I mean we are doing -- I spoke on our earlier call, on our call from a quarter ago about the incredible value of our ambassadors and the fact we don't really fully leverage the stories that happen in our communities. So we're building a social platform that is unique to our ambassadors that will go live in September, so that we can gather, real-time, all of the work that's happening in our communities and sort of be able to share that in a much more efficient way. We're also -- we released in-store technology so that we can share inventories when our guests are in store, they can actually shop online inventory, therefore, sort of enhancing the access to product. And then we have really ramped up page search media with leveraging sort of standard channels through Google. We're working on click to breaks and this is a geo-based strategy that we're doing in partnership with Google as well. And we're also accelerating our affiliate partnerships with ambassadors, studio, elite athletes who promote our content and drive traffic to our site. To add to that, I mean, we've been really successful with our product notifications, and we're planning to double the base of guests that receive those product notification, and we're also going to make them a lot better and a lot more efficient. And finally, as we start up, as we ramp-up our CRM efforts, I mean, we're planning to do some light segmentation of our emails to be much more targeted in how we reach our guests. 
Operator: Our next question is from John Morris of BMO Capital Markets. 
John Morris: Two-part questions here. First of all, I think in the prepared remarks, Laurent, you talked about ramping up store openings. I think it was in 2016 and beyond, and wondering what does that long-term square footage growth look like? If you look out 3 to 5 years, do you have kind of a target for that? And also with respect to the long-term operating margin goals, what would those look like, given what you've already been talking about with respect to the long-term gross margin goals? 
Laurent Potdevin: So as we think about our international expansion, we're staying very true to our showroom strategy, which is to build awareness in the market and build momentum, and so -- and getting pulled by the community. And we expect the showroom to have a lifespan of 12 to 18 months before we're ready for store rollout. So we're going to be, in the next 18 to 24 months, we're going to really accelerate the showrooms internationally. And then that's going to trigger a store rollout 12 to 18 months following that. So the plan is really to be -- and if you think by 2017 having over 20 stores in Europe, 20 stores in Asia, not including, what I mentioned Asia, not including Australia and New Zealand. The plan is further and beyond to be able to open probably about the same number of stores that we're currently opening today in North America, around 45, and that will sort of replace the square footage opening in the next couple of years in North America as that market matures. 
John Morris: So would that be kind of a mid-teen? Or maybe even a target towards 20% long-term square footage growth? Just want to kind of get a feel for that. 
John Currie: We just have to do the arithmetic. I mean, we tend to think in units. These stores are each about 3,000... 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, it's probably just under mid-teens, right? Yes. 
John Currie: Yes. 
John Morris: And, John, operating margin? 
John Currie: We said -- highly confident that the gross margin will get back to that mid-50s range. As I said in the past, getting back to mid-20s operating margin, I think, we'll get there. Of course, as we are expanding into new countries, new markets, initial productivity will be lower, so that will bring down operating margin temporarily as those stores ramp up. But the core business and as international operations mature, my view hasn't changed on our ability to achieve that mid-20s operating margin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I was hoping, I think, Laurent, you mentioned there might be some other changes in management. So could you give us an update on where you're seeking talent? What holes are still out there where we might see more turnover? And then maybe a broader comment on just morale within the organization, given kind of the disruption both in management, but also, more recently, with the Board? 
Laurent Potdevin: Sure. So on the morale, I mean, I think we're not commenting on the Board. But meeting with the company yesterday, we've sort of mentioned that our parents are fighting, and it's awkward. But both Chief and the rest of the boards fully support the management team and what we're doing. So we are staying focused and we're not going to let us be distracted. And so I think we're in very good shape there. I mean, when you think about our educators, I mean, they are the face of the brand, and they deal with our guests every day. So certainly, we've made up their lives more difficult in the past years, but we're very focused on them being engaged, excited and happy. So we haven't seen any increased turnover there. And I don't remember the first part of your question. 
Sharon Zackfia: I think in response to a previous question, you had mentioned there might be similar changes in management. So could you give us any update on that? I think you said maybe somebody in product or something like that? And then if there are any keyholes you're still looking to fill within the management team? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. When I came on board, we had a hole in HR, and we're in the very final stages of that search. I'm really excited about that. And we're also, Laura Klauberg and Brian [ph] in Marketing has decided to move on, and we're in the process of interviewing candidates there. But we have a really, really strong team, both on the community, brand, digital and creative side of the business, and we've gotten very engaged with them. And other than that, we're in great shape. 
Operator: Our next question is from Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: My question actually is on the non-comp productivity. It looks weak again. For the fourth quarter at the Analyst Day, you had delineated several factors that were contributing to fourth quarter non-comp productivity. Could you do the same for the first quarter? And then secondarily, Laurent, have you done any brand awareness studies for the Canadian and U.S. market? And then the new markets that you're entering? 
John Currie: Okay. Sorry, I can't remember how I delineated the new store products. 
Adrienne Tennant: You gave us a Top 10. The reason -- the Top 10 things we were missing in our non-comp calculations. 
John Currie: Yes. That's okay. Got you. Yes, you're probably still making most of those mistakes. So bottom, bottom line, again, when we look at new store productivity in Q1, it continued to be in that $1,100 to $1,200 per square foot range, similar to what we've seen over the last 18 months. 
Adrienne Tennant: So no change, no meaningful change there? Okay. 
John Currie: No, no. 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as looking at consumer sentiment, brand strengths, we actually just launched -- we implemented NPS, Net Promoter Score. And we got our first benchmarks yesterday. So I haven't had a chance to fully dig into them, but I'm really looking forward to using that as a tool to sort of see how well our brand initiatives are changing the brand sentiments and improving conversion and traffic. 
Adrienne Tennant: Does that study give you brand awareness at the end? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, it does. 
Adrienne Tennant: And will you share that with us on the next call, perhaps? 
Laurent Potdevin: Sure. 
Operator: Our next question is from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: I have a couple of questions. I wondered if Laurent or Tara may -- might talk a little bit more specifically about the sales slowdown in May. Has it been in both -- all categories, men's and women's, and across all subcategories of bottoms and tops? And what it looks like by channel? And if you could maybe help me understand a little bit more, Tara, I thought that the fashion component was to become higher here in the second quarter, and then that would help drive sales and traffic and conversion in the stores. It seems like things are going in reverse, and I'm not sure I really understand why. Has the build to the fashion assortment not been what you expected it to be here in the second quarter? 
Tara Poseley: Janet, Tara here. So just -- I've been pretty consistently saying in 9 -- when I came into the business and knowing our product life cycle, it's a 9 months calendar. I've been pretty consistent that I was getting that rebalance of core and seasonal corrected for the third quarter, not the second quarter. And then also I've been chasing into prints and really continuing to work on the reinvention of core. And we'll start to see more of that in bottoms, as we get into Q3. And then Q4, my focus not only with the rebalance, but also making sure -- working closely with design to really try to affect the beauty technical piece that's so important to our brand, and it really sets the foundation of who Lululemon is. So for second quarter, I mean, those assortments were done well over 1 year ago prior to me getting here. But we've used the Fast Turn team pretty aggressively to affect third and fourth quarter. 
Laurent Potdevin: And to add to Tara's point. One, I mean I've been incredibly impressed with how quickly the team is reacting on the fly and getting us the absolute best assortment they can, in an environment where we don't have -- we haven't planned for that 1 year ago. But also, if you look at the beginning of Q2 and going back to the point that John made earlier, I mean, once we're seeing traffic getting stronger, which speaks to the brand sentiment getting better and conversion getting lower. So the initiatives that we've started to do about brand are paying off. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: I was wondering if you could talk about your efforts to acquire data about your core customer and his or her shopping preferences. Are you able to track how many customers and transactions are tied to purchases? And if not, what systems do you have in place that will be able to give you detailed information? Or is this something that you're working on building? Is this part of a bigger picture down the road, building your CRM loyalty program? 
Laurent Potdevin: We've actually never used a lot of data in the history of Lululemon, and we're shifting that as quickly as possible. I mean, we've got a very loyal guest and we should know a lot more about him or her, and it is part of our CRM efforts. So we are investing heavily, both from a talent standpoint and from a technology standpoint to really ramp that up. And it's a little bit of a curse than a blessing, the curse being that we don't have a lot of data right now, the blessing being that we can build a system that will really sort of take us in the future, and that's what we're building. So it is part of the plan, and we're in the process of building it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory. 
Dana Telsey: As you work to drive traffic and improve the assortments, is anything changing on the pricing side, both with core and with seasonal product? And are you seeing the same trends online as to what you're seeing in the stores? And lastly, any further update on London. How that is doing? And just one more quick thing, on the sourcing side, Jennifer and Tara, how are you doing in putting in place the processes that you want? Where are you in getting to the end goal? 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I'll start. And just on the process and sourcing side, one of the things, as I've been here since November and really on the ground in Vancouver starting in February, one of the things that I have found in really digging into our go-to-market calendar with Jennifer is, we have a go-to-market calendar that really supports a much smaller company and doesn't necessarily reflect the complexity of where we are today and where we're going in the future. So work that we have done and put underway, we brought in outside consultants, who I've actually worked with in the past, to do a deep dive on our go-to-market calendar. And over the next 6, 12 and 18 months, we are going to be implementing the findings that we found, as we really looked in and did the deep dive on the calendar. So I think, from a quality standpoint, Laurent has talked about it, all the process, procedure is in place for quality. And now our real focus is on the go-to-market calendar and creating a really efficient, strong calendar that supports an innovative product organization. So as we move into Q3 and Q4, I've talked a great deal about on this year, it's just really about building our foundation. So we're going to be beginning to shift our process as we move into Q3 and Q4, which we'll really start seeing the result as we move into Q2 of 2016 and beyond. And then the core versus the seasonal product and pricing structure, one of the things we've initiated is a very strategic work around pricing, where we sit in the market place and our pricing architecture. And as I see opportunities, both in the core and in the seasonal to adjust pricing, through that very methodical approach, we'll be doing so. So then I'll just turn it over, because I think there might have been another question about driving traffic. 
Dana Telsey: Exactly. 
Laurent Potdevin: The question was about driving traffic in London, right? So London, I mentioned that earlier, I mean, London is performing incredibly well. I mean, I think we're in excess of 130% of plan. And we're sort of on track to be a $7 million store in Year 1, which we're very pleased with. And in terms of driving traffic, I mean, I'll go back to what I said earlier about flexing our digital muscles and we're also working on some key initiatives at the store level that we'll be rolling out in the next couple of months. 
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez of Wells Fargo. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy filling in for Paul. Question for John. I was wondering of your $110 million to $115 million of CapEx this year, how much of that is going to IT and infrastructure versus new stores? And then as you look out to future years, do you think the CapEx number continues to pick up? Or do you think it will flatten out at this level? 
John Currie: Okay. I think all of the various IT systems and initiatives are probably close to $40 million of that number. There's, what, 10 , 15 of various head office-related capital. And the balance is either new store build-out or -- we have a pretty significant renovation program every year. I think you'll see CapEx in a similar range for a couple of years and maybe beyond. But it's certainly on the store side, and with systems once you get them all implemented, it's time to upgrade them. So probably that's sort of level is a good number for several years. 
Laurent Potdevin: And some of them focus on guest taking technology, right? Either in-store technology that's we're planning to play with, or our CRM in business, our guest intelligence effort. 
Operator: Our next question is from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to just understand a little bit more, I mean, you talked about some of these revenue-driving initiatives. You talked favorably about what you are seeing on the traffic side. But just help me understand exactly why you see the level of re-acceleration in comp growth in the second half, given that there's still some imbalances between seasonal and core and the efficiencies on the supply-chain side look more like of a longer-term sort of benefit and not something just completely see in the back half. So if you could just help reconcile that, that would be great. 
John Currie: Yes, I think, a couple of things gave us confidence that you're going to see stronger comps in the second half. First of all, as Tara said, the product assortment won't be ideal in the second half, but it'll be improved over what we saw in Q1 and what we're dealing within Q2. And then secondly, the downturn in traffic and some of the issues started really in Q3, Q4 last year. So we're going to be lapping weaker performance in the second half of 2013 versus what we saw at the start of the year. 
Camilo Lyon: And then just on competition, how are you thinking about the competitive environment now? Whether it's from skewed overlap, pricing dynamics? And then just lastly, if you could just break up the Canadian to U.S. comps? 
Laurent Potdevin: You want to break down the comps and... 
John Currie: Yes -- sorry, I just got to find it. Yes, U.S. combined comps was 2%, and the U.S. is minus 5%. Sorry, Canada was minus 5%. 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as competition, I mean, obviously, it's a crowded field, but it's also a very much of a growing field globally, and we know that we've got the right talent. And when we -- these are in the product as we've done lately, I mean, we win. So we're in this game to win it and maintain our premium position in the market that we've created. 
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of Citi. 
Oliver Chen: On your full year comp guidance, what's the implication for fourth quarter? It seems like as you rebalance, you'll potentially see an acceleration. So are you thinking mid-to-high by fourth quarter and third quarter? Can we assume that, that's going to inflect the positive comps? Also, if you could just comment on your inventory composition? And how you feel about freshness now? It was running ahead, and you tapered your guidance down. So I was curious about if there's merchandise margin pressure? And if things are over inventoried currently? 
John Currie: Yes. In the second half, we see Q3 turning to positive combined comps. And you're right, sort of mid to -- maybe mid to -- a little bit above comps in Q4. In terms of inventory composition, similar to last quarter, where -- as I said on the -- in the prepared remarks, we're a little heavier than we'd like to be overall in inventory, but the excess is primarily excess core. And we deal with that just by reducing forward orders, which we have done it. And that excess of core is actually coming down. So we feel pretty good about the freshness of the balance of the inventory. Then in general, we're doing things like opening these pop-up stores. So that even with weaker than we'd like to see sales trends, we're able to clear this inventory at full price. 
Oliver Chen: Just a follow-up on the conversion rates, where you -- it seems like there's an opportunity for a better conversion rate. Which classifications between, like, tops and bottoms, do you feel that she may be looking at but not purchasing, or has an opportunity for the most improvement? 
Tara Poseley: Well, I think that we have been talking about the core that we have an opportunity to evolve our core, as we move forward. So I would say the first place that we'll start seeing the results first would be in the bottoms and then tops and jackets really following in subsequent quarters. Did that answer your question, Oliver? I'm not sure. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Duffy of Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: A couple of questions, so bear with me on this. The first one, have you implemented any of these initiatives to drive traffic yet? And if so, have you seen a noticeable influence in the results? Then I have a follow-up related to that. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we have. We've just launched. And it's early to tell what the results will be, but we've done the affiliate programs, the paid search and the Google clicks to break. And the one initiative that we can speak to is the in-store technology that gives our guest access to our online inventory while in stores, and we've seen tremendous results with that, with the app already generating 1% of our retail sales and 8% of e-Comm sales -- and 4% -- I'm sorry, and 4% of our e-Comm sales. I was a little optimistic with that... 
Jim Duffy: Does that get credited to the e-Commerce business or to the retail stores? 
Laurent Potdevin: It gets credited to the e-Commerce business, but the store manager gets compensated for the sale. 
Jim Duffy: Very good. So my next question is, so traffic's getting better. You feel -- you have these initiatives, which you expect to drive more traffic, you expect better product in the stores for 3Q, and it sounds like even better yet for 4Q. Can you be more specific about the things you are seeing that gives you a reason to be more conservative on the revenue outlook for the full year? 
John Currie: I mean, even though we're seeing -- we're more comfortable with traffic and we still are seeing a deceleration in comps coming into Q2, and that's reflected in my guidance. And so as we extrapolate out, we are taking into account the positives in terms of product assortment, et cetera. But I think it's still prudent to be conservative and expect that the underlying trend continues for the time being. 
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Tara, maybe you could just comment a little bit on the men's business? I think, you said it was up 9% in the quarter. So what's so are you finding about that? What's driving the men's business? 
Tara Poseley: So we're really pleased with the men's business. Q1, our big focus was on really landing our men's fit, which we are pleased to have done, as well as really focus on the base of our sweat assortment. So we've been pleased with the results there. So I think the men's team, this is their first quarter of our nearly formed men's team with Felix del Toro. And we're excited about the momentum that I'm continuing to see in the product that's going forward in Q2 and Q3 and moving into Q4. I don't like giving specifics on exactly what is doing well in the assortment, because that's just nice information I would just be handing out to competition. But we're very pleased with the results and where we see that business going, as well as when we talked about the Ivivva business, and I think the product there looks tremendous and very excited for the team and also the momentum there gaining in their business as well. 
Laurent Potdevin: And if you look on the digital side, what we've done with the men's business, they've just launched a very specific social platform. They've got a different sort of shopping environment. So we've done some really great work, and you can really sort of experience that firsthand on our website. 
Howard Tubin: Got it. Can you remind us what percentage of the overall business is men's? 
Laurent Potdevin: 13%, 14%? 
John Currie: 13% in the quarter. A little over 13%. 
Tara Poseley: Operator, we have time for just one more question. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, I wanted to check the cash balance on the balance sheet, $750 million. How much of that is in the U.S.? 
John Currie: A little over $100 million. Most of it's in Canada. 
Kimberly Greenberger: The $31 million onetime tax adjustment. How much will that charge? How much of the cash that's outside of the United States, will that charge allow you to repatriate? 
John Currie: $500 million. 
Kimberly Greenberger: $500 million? Okay. 
John Currie: That's how we did the calculation. 
Kimberly Greenberger: And then my question for Tara is, if there are -- and I apologize for asking such a basic question, but is there a simple way to help us understand what you think is wrong with the assortment currently? I'm not -- I've been listening through the Q&A and trying to understand this a little better. But I'm not sure I get it. 
Tara Poseley: That's okay. So what we've been, and we talked about it on the last call, is we have a core product assortment that has not been evolved as quickly as it should have been. And we're diligently working away at that. We didn't have enough depth in our seasonal product in Q1. We're very -- our balance is more heavily weighted towards core and less on the seasonal. So we're getting that rebalanced back in line. And it will be running more where it was running in 2012, by the time we get back into Q3 and Q4. I think there's been a real lack of cohesive merchandising stories in our store, really telling those product stories in a really clear and concise way. So lots of opportunity there, especially as we move into '16. And then, again, I talked about the go-to-market calendar. We have a lot of opportunity to evolve that process to really express where we are as a more complex North American brand and moving forward, as a global brand. So a lot of work being done there. That will bring a lot more consistency as we move into '16 in our product storytelling and our beautiful technical product landing in stores on time, in right place at the right time as we talked about. 
Laurent Potdevin: All right. So thank you very much. It was good speaking to you all. And we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-03-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q4 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Steve Nikcus [ph], you may begin. 
Unknown Executive: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on the fourth quarter 2013 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investors section of lululemon's website at www.lululemon.com, or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days on the Investors section of the website. 
 Hosting our call today is Laurent Potdevin, the company's CEO; John Currie, the company's CFO. Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 We would like to remind everybody that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. 
 For today's call, we've got a limit of 1 hour. So please limit yourself to one question at a time to give others the opportunity to have their questions addressed.
 And with that, I will now turn it over to Laurent. 
Laurent Potdevin: Good morning, everyone. When I spoke to you back in December, at the time of my announcement as CEO, I shared my excitement and enthusiasm about joining and leading such an exceptional brand and group of people. After now a couple of months under my belt, I'm even more inspired as I have started to discover the lululemon culture, the passion, the energy and the commitment of its people. 
 I have worked with exceptional individuals and fantastic brands over the past 20 years, and the connection and engagement of the team at lululemon, both in the stores and here in Vancouver, is clearly unique. 
 As we move into 2014, we are reflecting on our learnings with humility, and are entirely focused on our future. 2014 is an investment year, with an emphasis on strengthening our foundation, reigniting our product engine and accelerating sustainable and controlled global expansion. lululemon's magic has been dealt by creating technical, beautiful products and sharing our distinct culture with our community. The emotional connection that lululemon creates is at the very heart of what we stand for, and we are  being relentless in our commitment to delivering a distinct and authentic experience for our guests that is unlike any other. 
 lululemon is an originator brand, and we are refocusing our energy as a relevant disruptor in the space we created. It means being audacious, it means being curious, it means stretching our minds to invent the future and deliver the exceptional product that our guests are expecting from us. I plan to make sure all of our core values that make this business such a success remain in place and are leveraged and amplified, as we turn lululemon into a global brand for both men and women. 
 Looking forward, I see significant potential to grow both domestically and internationally, as we leverage this company's outstanding business model, and I intend to accelerate our global expansion. We see clear evidence of demand both in Asia and Europe, with several countries ready for stores. And we are currently onboarding, in Vancouver, our General Manager of Asia, who is driving new store openings, as well as seeding new markets and who will back in Hong Kong in the next couple of weeks. 
 Additionally, we have opportunities to build partnerships to increase speed-to-market and accelerate our international expansion in regions that are either too complex or don't have enough scale for us to have a direct presence in. 
 In Europe, we will be opening our first store in London next week. Our team on the ground has been celebrating with the community for several weeks now, including hosting yoga at the Royal Opera House. On Saturday, March 9, 700 people started queuing up for the event 2 hours before it started. And once the 350 spots were filled, the guests who didn't get a spot were engaged in additional community activities like cheeky yoga, a day of complementary yoga classes offered throughout the city of London. The enthusiasm from the community has been clearly contagious, and I can't wait to see it live next week. 
 We have plans to open a second store in London by the end of 2014, recognizing it is a tremendous platform to showcase lululemon, not only in Europe, but to the rest of the world. 
 As we embark on growing lululemon beyond our current footprint, we are strengthening our foundation to unlock our full potential. This means having our brand and our world-class product engine both back where they belong. 
 Product has always been paramount to our success, and will remain at the very epicenter of all we do. Our product is insane, innovative, technical and beautiful. 
 Going forward, we are refocusing the organization on being design-led. It's about getting back to our roots of inventing the future, and we are doing that by fostering and promoting the healthy tension between technical innovation, style, function and beauty. There will be no compromising, and it will bring out the best in us. 
 We are being relentless in building great products, and are pushing technical innovation, be it through leveraging our brand of expertise in raw materials, development and construction, to capitalizing on our in-house capabilities with our new Whitespace workshop.
 We are generating excitement at the store level with capsules and collaborations like our lab, core lab offering, and most recently, our And Go capsule, which I'm sure you've read about, and which enjoyed instant success in premium athletic styling. The success of the And Go capsule validates our guest's appetite of progressive athletic products, beautiful that performs. 
 Tara Poseley, our Chief Product Officer, brings tremendous experience and enormous amount of passion and vision to the product organization, and you will get a broader look into our product vision at the Analyst and Investor Day in April. Her near-term focus is on the balance of our product mix, both current and seasonal, as well as our planning and allocation strategy.
 As our business matures in North America, we see increased demand and success of our seasonal products that is taking a larger share of our overall product mix. Guests are responding so well to our seasonal product offerings that we're experiencing sales-through at a rate 4x faster than anticipated.
 Which brings me to our scarcity model. It's always been a strength, and we'll continue to focus on it. While we don't mind our guest being hungry for a product, we don't want them to starve for it. Tara is working on short-term solutions using our Fast turn pod [ph] to provide short-term opportunity while bridging the gap with our long-term product vision. 
 Impeccable quality is deeply rooted in our DNA. We are laser-focused on ensuring we have a world-class quality supply chain and sourcing organization to support our current business and provide the platform for continued global growth. As we continue to build on the great work that has been done, we are seeing constantly increasing level of our products, meeting our very high quality standards. Our ability to get these done on a short period of time is a true testament to the team's effort, the strength of our vendor and the partnerships we have with them. This is further enhanced by the lululemon presence we have built on the ground, both in our EMEA [ph] and our Taiwan and Hong Kong offices. There will be continued focus and investment in this area to ensure we're building a product development platform that will allow us to unlock our full global potential. 
 I would now like to touch on an area that's very close to me and which I refer to as our treasure chest of amazing stories. In the past 2 months, there hasn't been a day where I have not discovered an untold story that embodies the values of lululemon. From our SeaWheeze Half Marathon race that sold over 10,000 spots in 56 minutes, with 45% of the guests registering from outside of Canada, the unconditional support that we provide to more than 100 participants [ph] through yoga and goal-setting, to the countless ambassadors, over 900 of them, that embody the best of who we are in communities across North America.
 There are so many examples of how we connect with our communities and what we stand for as a brand. We've been voiceless for too long and I'm anxious to have all of us share more broadly who we are, what we stand for with confidence and humility. 
 We have created a category with fantastic products, and our guests and ambassadors have been spreading our message since day 1. 
 Up until last year, our grassroot communication strategy delivered exceptional results. Now is the time to amplify our voice, to promote our grassroot approach and ensure that we claim back our share of the voice in the market we created. 
 lululemon is an incredibly human brand that makes people cry, laugh and love. Those of you who saw the [indiscernible]video that we shared at the ICR conference, or who have seen our Made in Sri Lanka video on the website, will know what I'm talking about. This past week alone, I attended TED, which made its debut in Vancouver, and I was so proud that we provided TED participants with a true lululemon experience daily, morning and afternoon, by creating a well-being program featuring many of our incredible ambassadors. Including Ryan Leier, Maria [indiscernible] and New York City's very own Taryn Toomey, founder of The Class workout. Taryn certainly found a way to keep my butt and inspire me at the same time. And for those of you New York, I dare you to attend her class. 
 During the 5-day conference, we provided more than 25 classes including yoga, run and meditation in both Vancouver and Whistler. This ability to authentically connect with our communities is what makes lululemon unique, and you can expect to hear more of this in the year to come. 
 Another strategic focus that we're activating immediately is how we engage with our guests across all touch points, both in-store and online. Our guests are passionate and loyal, I've experienced it in many stores and seen it across our social channels. 
 The minute we add exciting new seasonal product to our assortment, the response we see from guests is astounding. However, unlike a few years ago, we are not the only game in town. And while we've created this category and continue to lead it, we understand that our guests have a choice and sustaining that loyal relationship is a priority. 
 I believe this will come from ensuring that we really focus on creating a best-in-class guest experience. The strength of our very core model is having a direct response with every guest, allowing us to be innovative, distinct and authentic in our interaction. And we are investing in technology that will help us better understand our guests and deliver a seamless yet personalized experience. 
 Our 10,000 educators, who are 100% committed to delivering an outstanding experience, had to play defense for most of last year. We are now empowering them to drive the business in their local markets, with an emphasis on listening and delighting our guests, and bringing forward the passion, the caring and the creativity that have set lululemon apart. 
 In closing, 2014 is an investment year. We are returning to our design-led roots, strengthening our supply chain and sourcing, providing an exceptional and inclusive guest experience and, finally, sharing the story of who we are and what we stand for with confidence and humility. 
 And with that, I will turn it over to John to go through the quarter, provide guidance for 2014. 
John Currie: Thank you, Laurent. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter of 2013, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the first quarter and the full year of fiscal 2014. 
 For the fourth quarter, total net revenue rose 7.3%, to $521 million, from $485.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase in revenue was driven by the addition of 43 net new corporate-owned stores since Q4 of 2012. Of those, 33 new stores are in the U.S., 2 stores in Canada, 4 stores in Australia and New Zealand, and 4 new ivivva stores. 
 Direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 24.9%, or $19.5 million, offset by comparable store sales decline of 2% on a constant dollar basis. And on a combined basis, including both physical stores and e-Commerce, our total comp increased 4% on a constant dollar basis. 
 A weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $13.4 million, or 2.6%. And finally, a reminder that there was an additional 53rd week, which contributed $26.2 million in total sales during the fourth quarter of 2012. 
 During the quarter, we opened 4 corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Canada, 1 in New Zealand and 1 ivivva store. We ended the year with 254 total stores versus 211 1 year ago. There are 199 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 129 in the United States, 23 in Australia and 8 ivivva. 
 At the end of the year, we also have 69 showrooms in operation: 17 of them outside of North America, 2 in Australia, 6 in Asia and 9 in Europe.  Corporate-owned stores represented 75.9% of total revenue or $395.2 million, versus 77.9% or $378 million in the fourth quarter of last year. 
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $97.8 million, or 18.8% of total revenue, versus $78.3 million or 16.1% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. 
 Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $28 million or 5.4% of revenue for the fourth quarter, versus $29.2 million or 6% of revenue in the fourth quarter last year. 
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $278.8 million, or 53.5% of net revenue, compared to $274.5 million, or 56.5% of net revenue in Q4 2012. 
 The factors which contributed to this 300-basis-point decrease in gross margin were a product margin decline of 270 basis points, attributable to a variety of factors, including: a shift in product-selling mix to lower -- to seasonal lower-margin items; increased airfreight usage; higher inventory provisions and foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar; deleverage of 30 basis points on fixed cost, including occupancy and depreciation; and product and supply chain team costs. 
 SG&A expenses were $124.6 million, or 23.9% of revenue, compared with $121.9 million, or 25.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The higher SG&A dollar spend, included an increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets; increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business, consistent with the year-over-year revenue growth; and increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses and professional fees. These were offset by a $9.1 million reversal and true-up of management incentive bonuses and stock-based compensation; $11.1 million in foreign exchange gains in our Canadian operating entity, which was offsetting its overall SG&A; and a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which decreased SG&A by $5.1 million. 
 So although we are reporting 120 basis points of leverage of SG&A expenses, this leverage resulted from the non-recurring impact of the incentive compensation true-up and the foreign exchange gain. As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter was $154.1 million, or 29.6% of net revenue, compared with $152.6 million, or 31.4% of net revenue in 2012. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $46 million, or a tax rate of 29.5%, compared to $44.7 million or a tax rate of 29% for the fourth quarter of 2012. Net income for the quarter was $109.7 million, or $0.75 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $109.4 million, or $0.75 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2012. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 146 million versus 145.8 million 1 year ago. 
 Capital expenditures were $34.5 million for the quarter, compared to $21.2 million in the fourth quarter last year, with the increase associated with new stores, renovations and IT and head office capital. 
 Turning to highlights for our full fiscal year 2013 performance. Net revenue rose 16.1%, to $1.591 billion, from $1.37 billion in fiscal 2012. Our annual store comp was 4% on a constant dollar basis. And including e-Commerce, our annual comp was 9%. 
 E-Commerce sales totaled $263.1 million, or 16.5% of total sales. Gross profit was $840.1 million, or 52.8% of net revenue, compared to $762.8 million or, 55.7% of net revenue in fiscal 2012. 
 Net income for the year was $279.6 million, or $1.91 per diluted share, compared to $270.6 million, or $1.85 per diluted share for fiscal 2012. 
 Looking at our balance sheet highlights. We ended the year with $698.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $108.5 million over fiscal 2012 year-end. 
 Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $186.1 million, or 19.9% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2012. This is slightly higher than optimal. However, the compensation is weighted more towards core items, which will typically sell throughout the year at full price and balance inventory levels by reducing future orders. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2014. As I mentioned on the last earnings call, commencing with 2014, we will begin aligning with standard industry practice in reporting total comparable sales that include both stores and e-Commerce. 
 As Laurent discussed earlier, we have seen a demand shift from our guests toward seasonal product, which is becoming a larger proportion of our sales mix. Although this has resulted in strong and fast sell-throughs in numerous style, we will not have the depth to capture the demand in these categories in the first half of 2014 as the buyers replaced 6 to 9 months ago. While we are actively pursuing opportunities to chase and fast-turn product, which will help mitigate some of this gap, our ability to bid deeper to rebalance our assortment to this shift in guest demand is weighted towards the back half of the year. 
 So with that in mind, for the first quarter of 2014, we expect revenue to be in the range of $377 million to $382 million. Our sales guidance assumes a flat comparable sales percentage on a constant dollar basis, which, as I stated earlier, includes both stores and e-Commerce. For comparison purposes, we have included a table in the press release to show comparable sales results for 2013 including e-Commerce. 
 Our outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.90 with the U.S. dollar, and 9 new store openings: 3 in the U.S., 1 in Australia, 1 in Europe and 4 ivivva. 
 We anticipate our gross margin in the first quarter to be between 50% and 51%. While we lapped the luon right up from Q1 last year, the shift in our selling mix from core to seasonal product, which has a higher cost, will negatively impact gross margin this year. In addition, the decline in the Canadian and Australian dollars by over 10% from 1 year ago will reduce gross margin on our sales in those regions. 
 We expect to be flat as a percentage of sales and occupancy and depreciation, but we expect deleverage in product and supply chain team costs as we continue to make the necessary investments to enhance these functions. 
 We expect SG&A deleverage as a percentage of revenue, compared with the first quarter of 2013, which is driven primarily from the run rate of key investments and headcount made in 2013 and additional strategic initiatives in 2014. 
 Our SG&A also reflects preopening costs related to the 9 stores planned to open in Q1, and additional stores planned to open in early Q2 2014. 
 So assuming a tax rate of 30% and 146.2 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.31 to $0.33 per share. 
 For the full fiscal year 2014, we're targeting to open up to 42 corporate-owned stores, including Australia and the U.K., and up to 10 new ivivva stores. 
 We expect our annualized combined comp to be in the low- to mid-single-digits, and therefore project net revenue to be in the range of $1.77 billion to $1.82 billion. 
 For the year, we expect gross margin to be in the low 50s, due primarily to a rebalancing of our product assortment to meet guest demands, continued investment in our supply chain and operating -- and product operations functions to create a product development engine for global business, and also foreign exchange impact from a weaker Canadian dollar.
 We're opening a second distribution center in Columbus, Ohio in the second half of 2014 to enhance efficiency and improve service levels to e-Commerce and store guests in the Eastern U.S. However, the startup period cost and increased capacity will initially delever our gross margin by 30 to 40 basis points in 2014. 
 We expect SG&A deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to 2013. Keep in mind, we incurred foreign exchange gains and reduced management incentive compensation in 2013 that should be considered non-recurring, and therefore, not assumed in our forward projections. 
 While continuing to invest in our infrastructure, we will also be rebalancing our investments to focus on key priorities that drive growth in areas such as brand, product innovation and guest experience. As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage from 2013, and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.80 to $1.90. This is based on 146.3 million diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, and it assumes our effective tax rate of 30%. 
 We expect capital expenditures to be between $110 million and $115 million for fiscal 2014, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation and relocation capital for existing stores, IT systems and other head office capital. 
 And with that, operator, I think we can open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva of Oppenheimer. 
Anna Andreeva: Great. I was hoping to understand some of the investments for '14. Maybe if you could talk about some of the buckets between the sourcing, marketing and international. And I guess, how permanent are those in nature? In other words, could we expect SG&A to be more in line with sales in '15? And then just a follow-up on comp guidance were flat for the first quarter, what does that imply for store comp? And is that what you guys are running currently? Do you need trends to accelerate to get there? 
John Currie: Okay, maybe I can take some of investment bucket dollar items. International, in 2013, the net negative was, I think, mid- to high-single-digit millions, that will probably be up $10 million and a little bit more in 2014. Compared to our run rate, I think, you'll see brands-related investments, $10 million to $15 million higher than you'd otherwise see. And then the other area, I'd say, quite a significant increase in the product and supply chain team cost. We built those teams significantly during 2013. So you got the run rate of those new hires and investments in 2014, as well as significant ongoing additions to those teams. So I'd say those are the primary buckets. Turning to the comp guidance. In Q1, the breakout of stores is low single-digit million -- sorry, low single-digit negative percent. And I think your question was how it progresses throughout the year, we do see store comp gradually improving from where we have it in Q1. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital. 
Adrienne Tennant: Laurent, my question is on the longer-term operating margin structure. Historically, we've thought about the business as a mid-20% margin business. As you've kind of explored and taken a look at the business, do you believe that, that is still the longer-term margin structure? And then what's your philosophy on, perhaps, more aggressive marketing and advertising? And then really quickly for John, can you just talk about the inventory? Obviously, at the end of the quarter, a little bit higher, the composition of it, and then when we should start to see that inventory kind of come down over the course of the year. 
Laurent Potdevin: To answer your question. I mean, I think that long-term, I mean, our target is still to hit the mid-20s. Short term, we have an act to build our infrastructure internationally, which really hasn't been done both in Europe and in Asia. And we're going to be investing in brand, but I don't expect us to do large marketing investments. I mean, it's really a matter of amplifying what we do really well at the grassroot level and amplifying that through PR and through communication, but not going through expensive traditional marketing tools. So we're building the product engine. We are reigniting the product engine, both from a design standpoint, but also from a quality and sourcing standpoint. And we're investing to grow our international platform, which really has a lot of demand. But long term, we should be going back to those mid-20s number. 
John Currie: Yes. And I think, within that, I've always talked about sort of 55% gross, 25% operating margin. I mean, there could be some shift between gross and operating as we go forward. As we've been discussing, increasing our seasonal mix would probably mean product margin down a bit. But I think, the efficiencies that we're building in it will gain -- long term will bring gross margin back. As Laurent said, there's no reason to change our thinking about a mid-20s operating margin. Adrienne, in terms of your question on inventory composition, as I said, it's a little higher than we'd normally want to be at, but the excess is really in core. It's the product that we order on a continual monthly basis, and it's quite easy to just reduce future orders to bring that down to the right number of inventory turns. In terms of any kind of stragglers, seasonal -- or aged items, we're actually very clean, because whatever we've had seasonally, the guests have been buying very quickly. So we actually feel quite good about where the inventory stands. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: Laurent, I was hoping that you could talk a little more about the international rollout and how we should -- since you've already been seeding some of these markets and you probably have a pulse on brand awareness, how you're thinking about that strategy and how you plan to really convey the authentic grassroots lulu message as you roll that out? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. I mean, having done that with a few brands in the past, I mean, that's what's critical to an international -- to the international building of a global brand, which is very different from a North American brand selling its product outside of the United States. It's to really build deep, local knowledge in those markets and having both local talent understand the lululemon secret magic. And what we've done in the past is that we've started taking up some of our key talent and decentralize them in the region, hoping they would learn the regions. And we're switching this mindset to really bring great local talent in the regions. And right now, the hiring and onboarding of our general manager in Asia is a great example of hiring the guy that knows the market and understand how to adapt lululemon, what's very unique to lululemon to a market, and ramp it up very quickly. So we've got Ken back in Asia looking at locations for us, and we'll be going through the same process in Europe. And in areas of the world where either the market is complex or maybe doesn't have the scale for us to have a direct presence, I mean, we'll be looking at partners. The Middle East might be a good example for that. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on the investment you mentioned that you're making to enhance the in-store experience and in-store selling and learning more about your customer to improve selling. Can you give us some of the specifics, technology or otherwise, where you're planning to put money to work? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I think most of these investments right now relate -- [indiscernible] it's Laurent, at CRM and really thought of creating a seamless experience between online and brick-and-mortar and also sort of understanding our guests at a more micro level, so that we can have a more personalized experience with them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: Laurent, I wanted to ask you about some of the comments you made on your opening remarks. You mentioned voiceless for too long, taking back share of voice. And you also seemed to imply in one of your answers to one other question, the grassroots, sticking with the grassroots strategy rather than shifting or amplifying with more traditional kind of brand building. Help us understand what you meant by your comments. Why you're comfortable with the kind of existing marketing and brand-building strategies, especially given how much the brand has transformed over the last several years. Doesn't the brand-building strategy need to transform? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, when you think about -- when you go like -- when you go back 1 year, I mean, lululemon's made the headlines like every other weekend, has not participated in pretty much any of those discussions. And that was one of the largest findings, or one of the biggest findings that I discovered spending time here is that lululemon is an incredibly authentic brand. I mean, it's doing very unique, distinct, meaningful work in its communities. We have a set of 900 ambassadors that we support in North America, some outside of North America, that we just haven't given these people a voice. And I think that our grassroot strategy, our grassroot communication strategy has resonated incredibly well with people, but we need to amplify that. I don't think we really need to -- actually, we know we don't need to go to price or marketing strategy, but we need to take control about the discussion around lululemon, and really share more proudly and with humility who we are and what we stand for, which really differentiates us from everybody else. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: Two questions. I guess, I know it changes season to season, but where should the seasonal product that you're talking about, Laurent, as a percentage of the business, run optimally? And what kind of supply chain and store work do you think the organization will need to quicken the lead times and inventory turns from already some of the industry best? And maybe for John, just on some store performance metrics. Can you talk about things that you're seeing from a regional perspective? Can you talk about Canada, the newer versus the older stores? Just trying to understand what's happening to the different class of stores over the last year. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, if I can talk briefly about product. I mean, it's a movie that I've seen before, either in the luxury industry or in the action sports industry. I mean, when a brand becomes really iconic and is centered around a staple product, its consumer evolves and so are their needs. And there is stronger and stronger demand for seasonal product. I mean, I think we need to really, really find the language that we use around core and seasonal. But our guests are clearly speaking for more freshness and more better products in our line. And our fast-turn pod are allowing us to do that short-term and tierized building global organization, both from a design but also from a merchandising and planning standpoint that will allow us to address these needs and address them with short lead time. So, Tara, you want to add anything to that or... 
Tara Poseley: No, I think you articulated it well. I think that, again, roughly, probably about 50-50 for a seasonal to core product. But as Laurent is saying, our guest is really responding well to our seasonal product, and we're excited about that. And we are chasing into what we can for Q2, and making sure that in the back half of the year, we're getting that balance of core and seasonal nicely adjusted, and making sure that we are not running out so quickly in our beautiful seasonal product. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think what's been really exciting is while we don't have the scale to make as much of that product as we'd like to and while our scarcity is a little too scarce, the response that we're getting for our product really validates the fact that we know how to answer our guests' needs. 
John Currie: And then your question on store performance. The factors impacting our store performance are impacting the entire market. I mean, the product assortment mix is across the board. Any impact of negative PR is across the board, and that's generally what we're seeing. I mean, a much smaller impact, I think, in things like weather. And the only reference point I have there when I look at the regions, where, even in Q4, we had double-digit positive comps -- L.A., Hawaii, South Texas, Florida, the Deep South region. So I think there's a little bit of weather impacting some regions more than others. In terms of new and old, again -- and I think, this is intuitive. The newer-age classes of stores seem to be less impacted than the older ones. I think that makes sense because in new regions, the guest is still establishing her core wardrobe. So the lack of newness is not as much an impact in these newer stores. And then even more so in terms of our new stores that are not in the comp base yet, they're performing actually well above our plan. And I think in terms of any way you want to measure new store performance, whether it's a percentage of the comp base productivity or just dollars per square foot, the new stores are actually performing quite strong. We've been 1,100 to 1,200 a square foot for the last couple of years, and it's actually edging above that. So that's a positive sign in these new regions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon of Canaccord. 
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to understand a little bit more about the expected improvement -- the gradual improvement in comps as we should expect them to improve in the back half. How do we income for that, the work that's being done on the supply chain will yield those results? And as we look to that, the back half comp trajectory improving, is there -- what can go better than expected? Is it more production from these incremental mills that are being added to the mix? Is it a faster -- is it faster shifting towards season products? Help us understand how we think -- how we could think about that improving incrementally as you go to the back half? 
John Currie: Maybe Tara can talk about the product mix part of it, and I can add some more boring numbers after she finishes. 
Tara Poseley: So obviously, Q1 and Q2 were purchased about 8 to 9 months ago, starting in December-January timeframe. Seeing the guest response in Q4 to the seasonal product, really began looking at third and fourth quarter with the teams, looking at sell-throughs of current product, going back and adjusting the back half, getting the core inventories in line, shifting out receipts, taking a look at all of core for Q3 and Q4, and really understanding where we had opportunity to update. Because, quite frankly, it shouldn't matter whether it's core or if it's seasonal, I want to have beauty and technical in every single product that touches our floor. So that's why you'll see that gradual increase as you get into the back half of the year, as we get that core more in mind. We've been chasing into, even trying to chase into seasonal product in late Q2, getting more prints and textures in our bottoms, which have been trending very well. So, John, I don't know if there's anything else. 
John Currie: And in terms of the quarterly comp trends, remember, really starting Q2, where there's a significant impact of luon shortage last year, so we're going to be lapping that, as well as lapping delivery challenges and bad PR in the second half. So there's a lot of opportunity for positive comps over a weak second-half in 2013. 
Camilo Lyon: Great. And then just one follow-up for Laurent, if I could. Kind of following-up on a question asked earlier. Also mentioned a few times in your script was the word humility. And I was wondering, how do you plan to convey that to your consumers that might've been impacted by the PR issues of the last year? 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, I think, it starts with the guest experience. I think it's taking the time. I mean, obviously, we've reflected on last year and we've learned from last year, and we've done that -- eventually done that with humility. And I think, that lululemon is -- you go back to our mission, which is really elevating the world to greatness. And I think, to do that well, we need to be inclusive. This past year, we've stumbled a couple of times, and we had to be defensive. But I think we are very proud of what we do. We're going to talk about that with confidence. And we really -- one of our largest asset is clearly our educators on the floor, in our stores, and I've visited a lot of them in the past 2 months, and they are the most committed people to the lululemon brand. It's just empowering them to get back on their feet and speak about the brand, the product and who we are, what we stand for with confidence, humility, but really, with the mindset of making our guests right, listening to them and being inclusive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Laurent, I'm wondering if you can look out over the next 1, 2, 3 years, and just help us understand what a realistic level of acceleration and international store openings that we should be keeping in mind. And then you talked about, in your introductory remarks, some speed or flexibility in the supply chain. Maybe you could just help us understand a little bit better exactly what you have in mind there. And if 2 years from now you're successful in this initiative, how will your sourcing and supply chain be different than it is today? 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I can't really speak beyond 2014 at this point, but what I can tell you is that building the foundational work that we're doing both in Asia and Europe will allow us to accelerate that footprint. And I think we're going to evolve from a strategy of having a sequential approach to countries and regions. And building the foundation in both Europe and Asia will allow us to actually attack different regions in different countries, especially if you think about Western Europe at the same time. So I think that's where we're going to be able to see significant acceleration of building our footprint. And really sort of leveraging our showroom strategy, which has been successful in seeding and growing market, but doing that at a faster pace and simultaneously in different countries. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar. 
Jaime Katz: I'm curious about what you guys are thinking about the evolution of the e-Commerce channel, as it becomes a bigger part of sales. Are there changes  that you're making to make it easier and more friendly to adapt to new consumers? 
John Currie: Oh, I think we're looking at that constantly. I mean, especially as we sort of grow our product offering, as we grow our men's business and as we sort of start touching different regions. I mean, that our e-Commerce environment is really going to be a platform where we can engage the guest in much broader assortment. And, Tara, I bet you've got a lot of great ideas in achieving that, right? 
Tara Poseley: Right. I mean, I think as we grow, I think our goal is having a e-Commerce site that will have the full breadth of our assortment. And then as you go into countries or regions of the United States, how we parcel that broader assortment up will be very related to the community, and what is the appropriate product in that community. And we're very excited about that going forward. And as you know, we've tested a lot of different capsules through the years. It's from tennis to golf. And as you think about going into southern markets or into warmer climates or even really amplifying Australia, what we can -- how we can mix these different capsules within our core and our seasonal product is really quite exciting to me. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Maybe just another question, maybe from you, Tara, on kind of the capsules that you have planned for maybe this year, for spring and then into fall, without diverging too much. Do you -- will you continue to have kind of test the -- test new and small product categories over the next couple of seasons? 
Tara Poseley: Absolutely. Obviously, I don't want to just play all of my cards, but definitely, I am a huge believer and advocate of the capsule. I think it's a great way to test new concepts. At the end of the day, I just want to bring extreme beauty and technical to every sport our guest does. And to me, that's exciting. We're going to keep experimenting with that. You can see our And Go collection that we launched. Probably you saw the press around that in spring. Fantastic guest response there. And you'll continue to see us experiment and grow that piece of the business. 
Howard Tubin: And then maybe, Laurent, you mentioned growing the brand both for men and women. How are you viewing the men's business? And do you still think that in 2016 you'll have a separate standalone men's store? 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. I mean, actually, in -- we're looking this year at 3 locations that are going to be fully dedicated to men's: 1 in Miami, 1 in Vancouver... 
John Currie: Sorry. Actually, to clarify, there are going to be 3 locations that are going to be a much bigger footprint with an expanded men's selection within certain locations [ph]. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, correct. In Vancouver, Miami... 
John Currie: And Santa Monica. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Santa Monica. And we're seeing -- I mean, we've done tremendous work on our product. I mean, our product is resonating with the guys incredibly well. I mean, I think we have a great opportunity to play with our brand identity and decline our brand identity in a way that's going to resonate better with the guys and attach more to their activities and what they want to do, and we're working on that right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy of Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: Can I ask you to speak in more detail around where you are with the evolution of the supply chain? Are you happy with the quality control process? Where it is right now? Is the product flow now normalized, such as merchandise assortments are cohesive? And then, in more detail, what needs to happen to make the supply chain accommodate this shift to more seasonal product? 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I think, throughout 2014, you'll continue to see us really build the foundation of our supply chain and sure that up. So I just -- I really want to stress that we're still continuing to build that muscle within the organization. From a quality standpoint, every stopgap's in place, so there will not be any bad quality getting to our customer, our guest. As you talk about the supply chain, one of the things that I've noticed coming into lululemon is that we have one go-to-market calendar, which is the 8 to 9 months calendar. In past companies -- and this what I'm going to be really focusing on, what I've felt is that I would have 3 distinct calendars: you have one managed more for the core, which might be slightly longer; then you have one that's more for the seasonal product, that is shorter end; and then you have a fast calendar. And so I think as this year, as we really fine-tune and get our main calendar strong, then we will begin, as we move into '15 and '16, to continue to sure up these 2 other tracks of bringing our product to the market. 
Jim Duffy: Okay. Tara, are you happy with the product flow that you're seeing now? Clearly, your light on some of some the seasonal items, but are things hitting stores at the appropriate times? 
Tara Poseley: Yes, definitely improvement over the last year. And really, right now, the result of -- it's not from fallout, it's just, again, we brought the product 9 months ago. And hindsight, to 2020, we would've invested more heavily in the product, so it wasn't running out so quickly in the seasonal. 
John Currie: Other than -- over the last 2 weeks, outside of our control, there's been a truckers' strike at the Port of Vancouver, so all of our Canadian product flows has been somewhat disrupted. But I understand that strike ended last night. 
Jim Duffy: Okay. And the last question, I guess, it's for both John and Tara. On the supply chain, given that you're still in the very early innings here, it would seem see that perhaps, down the road, there's margin opportunity as you evolve the supply chain. Is that a illogical thought process? 
John Currie: That's exactly the way I think about it. As I said earlier, I think, appropriately, we're adding more newness and seasonality into our line that might deliver a lower product margin. But the efficiencies that we'll gain from the steps that Tara and Jennifer and their teams are making, we're going to see tremendous upside, again, longer-term, in terms of lower air freight, lower cost of cancellations, et cetera, and just a lot of efficiencies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: I was just wondering, you highlighted a little bit -- you acknowledged some of the enhanced competition in your prepared remarks. And I was just wondering if you could talk about that, perhaps, for more of a seasonal category basis, and also more of a core category basis, what you're seeing from that perspective. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think, we're certainly not the only game in town anymore. But as we get back to our roots, we're really focusing on innovation. I mean, I don't want to spend too much time worrying about our competitors. I mean, I certainly want to know what they're doing, it's a validation of the strength of our market and its global relevance and its growth in every single global market. But we're going to get back to what we do best, which is inventing the future and really focusing on the magic that is very unique to lululemon, which is combining beautiful, as well as technical innovation. So certainly, something that we are aware of, but something that we're going to look forward rather than over our shoulder. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faye Landes of Cowen and Company. 
Faye Landes: This is Faye Landes of Cowen. Just hoping you can elaborate a little bit more on the international strategy. Laurent, you said you're going to -- in effect -- ultimately accelerate the international rollout, which is a bit of a change in the algorithm. Can you just talk to us about milestones that we should be looking for along the way as you do that? And also, can you address the issue of cost of real estate overseas, the current -- so the fact that you haven't opened stores in some markets like Hong Kong, where you've had a showroom for a very long time? 
Laurent Potdevin: I think maybe I'll let John speak to that. But before I do that, I think that -- to go back to the international strategy. I mean, we've opened showrooms and we've worked in a very sequential way. So we opened showrooms, then we look at stores and then we look at buildings and stuff. And I think it really -- going back to what I said earlier, it really does not have to be a sequential process. I mean, the showrooms are really a good way to see the market. But at the time we open the showrooms, we need to get the right stuff on the ground and we need to start looking at locations and have a very clear time frame by which we'll be moving forward. So just working in parallel rather than in a stereo fashion will allow us to accelerate that in markets where we know we're going to have a presence. 
John Currie: In terms of international real estate, I mean, as you say, lots of regions, Hong Kong in particular, rent per-square-foot is extremely high. I mean, it's high in London as well. And we're setting our pricing, et cetera, to adjust for that. But when we look at Hong Kong, I think the reason that we've moved more slowly than we'd like is not simply sticker shock on the rent, I think as we move into different regions, we have to be a little bit flexible in terms of what our store looks like in those regions. And I think, that may be a shift in our mindset. If the 3,000-square-foot on one level isn't really available in Hong Kong, we have to look at what's the best type of store layout for lululemon in that market. And I think, that openness will help us accelerate. 
Laurent Potdevin: And that's -- if I might add. I mean, that really -- that value comes with having the local deep expertise that we mentioned earlier, right? It's not how is Hong Kong going to adapt to lululemon, but how is lululemon is going to adapt to Hong Kong. And that's going to open a lot of doors to accelerate our international growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory. I'm sorry, our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: This is Nancy filling in for Oliver Chen. Can you give us a little more insight in terms of the in-store traffic and just decipher if it's recovered from the negative PR or where we are in that process? And then if you could talk a little bit about ivivva and the adjacent businesses like Luxtreme and how they are performing? 
John Currie: Okay, in terms of store traffic, I mean, our overall comp performance is basically traffic-driven as it has been in the past, so it's -- the negative has come from lower traffic. I mean, I wouldn't say that that's really rebounded, and that's reflected in my first quarter guidance, but we do expect some gradual improvement as the year progresses. In terms of ivivva, it kind of gets lost, but it's a real bright spot. ivivva comping double-digits, ended the year just under $900 a square foot. And as I think I've alluded to in the past, I mean, we're really putting our foot on the gas a bit on the rollout of ivivva stores. We ended the year with 12, and we'll add up to 10 in 2014. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: I had a couple of questions. First, as far as the infrastructure building for international growth, will that pressure the SG&A line beyond 2014? And overall, the investment spending that you're talking about, will that carry into 2015? And, Tara, I was wondering if you could talk about your comfort level with the fashion assortments being aligned by the third quarter, and if that would mitigate the need for the air freight that -- the air freighting that you're now recurring? And John, if you could just talk to us about what your leverage point of SG&A is, that would help. 
John Currie: Okay. I think that was 4 questions, but we'll try to -- try and cover as many of them as we can. Your question about international investment and does that impact -- I think you said, does the impact SG&A going into 2015. Yes, that's absolutely true. Because -- and in fact, as we accelerate new store openings in Europe and Asia, initially, that will compress our margin. Of course, the faster we go, the faster we get to a point of leverage in those markets. But certainly, through 2015, the international rollout will be a negative in terms of the income and margin as you'd expect. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Okay. And overall SG&A leverage, John? 
John Currie: You know I always struggle with that question when we're in such a growth mode, because so much of what we're spending is discretionary. But in terms of the delta, I mean, low single-digit comps would leverage us normally. But again, there's so much going on beyond just the run rate that I just can't really give you a clear answer on that. 
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand it over back to Laurent for any closing remarks. 
Laurent Potdevin: And I want to thank you all for your time this morning, and I really look forward to speaking and meeting with many of you over the course of this year and next month at our Analyst Day, and continuing this discussion on realizing our vision for lululemon's future growth. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-12-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q3 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Therese Hayes. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Therese Hayes: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2013 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the IR section of our website or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days, also available on the website. 
 Hosting our call today is John Currie, our CFO. Christine sends you her very best wishes with the announcement of Laurent Potdevin as our new CEO. She's now focusing on transitioning him into the role and will not be joining us on the call this morning. 
 We would like to remind everyone that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of '95. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to John. 
John Currie: Thanks, Therese. Let me start by saying on behalf of the lululemon team, that we'll miss Christine, both personally and professionally, and we wish her all the best. 6 months ago, in addition to initiating the search for our next CEO, we were also actively looking to fill 3 senior vacancies on our management team, all in the crucial product area. Since then, we successfully filled each of these roles. Jennifer Battersby in the position of SVP, Product Operations; Steve Berube as SVP, Logistics and Distribution; and more recently, Tara Poseley joined us as our Chief Product Officer. Now, with the addition of Laurent Potdevin as our new CEO, as we announced on Tuesday, going forward, we have in place the full management team needed to strengthen our foundation and capitalize on our growth opportunities. 
 The third quarter went pretty much as we planned and guided. We started the quarter running at a low single-digit comp rate, as delivery issues caused us to keep summer goods on our floors through August, when we normally would have set our fall product. 
 The black luon never out program in bottoms drove sales in August and September, and particularly in our tight silhouettes, in both solid and patterns, as our guests loved our technical seamless fabric for yoga in both tops and bottoms. 
 The quarter got progressively better in October was the strongest month. In our continued rollout of our international infrastructure, we opened 2 more showrooms in Asia in the third quarter, 1 in Hong Kong and 1 in Singapore, to bring us to a total of 5 in Asia. We also opened 2 more showrooms in Europe, both in Germany for a total of 7 in Europe at the end of the quarter, including the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands. 
 There are plans to open 3 more international showrooms in the fourth quarter, 1 in Asia and 2 in Europe. And we're still on track to open our first store in Europe in the Covent Garden area in London in late Q1 of 2014. 
 We came into the holiday season better equipped to handle high traffic volumes during peak periods, with handheld POS units for line busting. In our high-volume stores, we rolled out mobile e-Commerce devices to draw on e-Commerce inventory when the store is out of a guest's size or color. Our pricing architecture has also improved over last holiday season, with a better assortment of gift-giving items and key price point items, such as our cozy up style jackets in the $100 range. 
 We also continue to get very positive feedback from our guests on the new Full-On Luon, which is now available in all tight bottom styles. 
 Having said this, we've experienced a soft start to the fourth quarter. As we discussed on our last call, the supply chain team that we bolstered with new hires this year is now going through our entire sourcing process and putting in place new procedures to improve on-time delivery and quality control. 
 While these improvements are being put in place for future seasons, for now, we've enhanced our back end quality control filters at the distribution centers to ensure faulty product does not make it to our stores, and it resulted that some styles have been rejected by our quality filters and not released to stores. 
 The late product deliveries that impacted Q3 have also continued, resulting in uneven product flow and in some cases, cancellation of purchase orders. We know that any lost sales incurred during the fourth quarter, resulting from this increased focus on quality, is the smart investment for the long-term health of the business. 
 In addition, we are seeing a slowdown in traffic to our stores. Our best guess is that this is a result of a combination of causes. There's a difficult macro retail backdrop with all retailers experiencing lower traffic, but it would be naïve to think that the company specific issues that we've been dealing with this year, from the luon setback to the recent negative PR issues, have not also had some impact. 
 The combination of traffic and product issues resulted in a lower expectation for fourth quarter guidance. Now let me give you some details on the third quarter, and then I'll come back and provide more specifics on the outlook for Q4 and the full fiscal year 2013. 
 So for the third quarter, total net revenue rose 20% to $379.9 million from $316.5 million in the third quarter of 2012. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 5% on a constant dollar basis. The addition of 46 net new corporate-owned stores since Q3 of 2012, 37 new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 4 stores in Australia and New Zealand, and 3 ivivva stores. 
 In direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 37.3% or $16.8 million. If we included e-Commerce as a store in our comp calculations, the combined comp will be reported as 11% on a constant dollar basis. These are offset with the impact of a lower Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by 7.5% -- or sorry, $7.5 million or 2%. 
 During the quarter, we opened 17 net new lululemon stores in the U.S., 2 in Australia and New Zealand and 2 ivivva stores. We ended the quarter with 247 total stores versus 201 a year ago. There are 184 stores in our comp base. 38 of those in Canada, 117 in the United States, 21 in Australia and New Zealand and 8 ivivva. 
 Our new store productivity also remained approximately $1,100 per square foot, which contributed positively to the third quarter performance. At the end of the quarter, we operated 63 showrooms, which include 5 in Asia and 7 in Europe and 12 ivivva locations. 
 Corporate-owned stores represented 76.5% of total revenue, or $290.7 million, versus 79.6% or $252 million in the third quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $62 million or 16.3% of total revenue, versus $45.1 million or 14.3% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year.  
 Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets totaled $27.3 million or 7.2% of revenue for the second quarter versus $19.4 million or 6.1% of revenue in the third quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit in the third quarter was $204.6 million or 53.9% of net revenue, compared with $175.3 million or 55.4% of net revenue in Q3 2012. The factors which contributed to this 150 basis point decrease in gross margin were a product margin decline of 220 basis points, due primarily to higher air freight spend to improve product flow; product mix and an increase in our inventory reserves, offset with 30 basis points of leverage from occupancy and depreciation and 40 basis points of leverage in product and supply chain team costs, due primarily to timing of spend. 
 SG&A expenses were $112.3 million or 29.6% of net revenue compared with $94.7 million or 29.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. The increase is due to an increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with the new stores, showrooms on outlets, as well as increases at existing locations due to higher sales volumes, increased variable operating cost associated with our e-Commerce business consistent with the 37% year-over-year growth in this channel, and increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees, management incentive and stock-based compensation associated with the growth of our business. These increases were offset with the weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which decreased reported SG&A by $2.3 million or 2%. 
 In addition, we incurred a $1.8 million foreign exchange gain in our operating subsidiaries. As a percentage of revenue, our third quarter SG&A leveraged 30 basis points, due primarily to the foreign exchange impacts just discussed. As a result, operating income for the third quarter was $92.3 million or 24.3% of net revenue, or $80.6 million or 25.5% of net revenue in Q3 2012. Tax expense for the quarter was $27.7 million or a tax rate of 29.5% compared to $24.7 million or a tax rate of 30.1% in the third quarter of 2012. Net income for the quarter was $66.1 million or $0.45 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $57.3 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2012. 
 Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 146 million versus 145.7 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $27.9 million for the quarter, related to new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital compared to $33 million in the third quarter last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $600.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $206.2 million or 25.2% higher than at the end of the third quarter 2012, higher than our forward sales growth expectations, partly attributable to the timing of winter receipts compared to last year to a shift in our buying calendar. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2013. As I had discussed earlier, as a result of the supply chain issues, overall traffic trends and a weaker Canadian dollar, we're revising our fourth quarter guidance to a range of $535 million to $540 million of revenue from our prior quarter estimate of $565 million to $570 million. Our guidance assumes a continuation of the weaker-than-expected performance that we've seen quarter-to-date. 
 Our sales guidance assumes a flat comparable-store sales percentage increase on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. E-Commerce is performing better than expected. And including e-Commerce, our guidance for the fourth quarter would give an 8% combined comp. This outlook assumes a CAD 0.94 with the U.S. dollar, and 7 new store openings, 4 in the U.S., 1 in Canada, 1 in New Zealand and 1 ivivva. 
 We expect gross margin to be below last year and in the mid-50s range, due to higher air freight costs and the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian dollar compared to last year. We expect SG&A, as a percentage of revenue to be consistent with the fourth quarter of 2012. Investments made in the fourth quarter that deleverage on lower revenue offset with the true-up of our management incentive plan expenses, given our revised projections. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30% and 146 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the quarter to be in the range of $0.78 to $0.80 per share. For the full fiscal year 2013, we'll open 43 net new corporate owned stores, which includes our ivivva locations. We will also open 12 international showrooms this year. We expect full year net revenue to therefore be in the range of 1.605 billion to 1.61 billion or a growth of 17%. We expect gross margin for the year to be between 53% and 54%. We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to 2012, due in part to lowered revenue along with the investments we're making in the business to support our long-term growth. 
 As a result, we expect our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.94 to $1.96. This is based on 146 million diluted weighted-average shares outstanding and it assumes an effective tax rate of 30%. We expect capital expenditures to be between $100 million and $105 million for fiscal 2013, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, real estate purchases, including our new Ohio distribution center, IT projects and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing premises. 
 That concludes my prepared remarks. And as we turn it over to Q&A, I just want to mention that you might hear either Therese Hayes, whom you know, or Chris Tham, our VP of Financial Planning and Analysis, who are here to help me with questions today. So Operator, we can turn it over for the questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital. 
Adrienne Tennant: John, my question, really, is on these ongoing delivery of last quality issues. And we're in the stores, we're noticing stock-outs, both online and in-store on recently flowed products. And then we were told that perhaps that you won't get a replenishment for that, a lot of the jackets for the run -- cold-run, run -- cold-weather run stuff. And so how does this impact Q1 as we turn into the New Year? Will we see a resolution of that as we go into Q1? And if you can just talk about the -- just clarification on the -- did you say that if you had included GTC, that you would be running an 8% comp. And on that flat, do we need it to accelerate and get better? Or is that kind of a pretty constant across the remainder of the quarter? 
John Currie: Okay. Maybe I'll take the second question first. Yes, if e-Commerce was included in our comp guidance, it would be at an 8%. And the guidance does not require an improvement for the balance of the quarter. It reflects just an extension of the trend that we've been seeing. In terms of stock-outs that you're seeing in Q4, we are seeing great guest acceptance of some of our seasonal items that we haven't bought really deeply in, which is typically, what we do. And you do see stock-outs. And when I talk about late product deliveries or product that has not been released to the stores, in some cases, it is the seasonal assortment that's selling very well that, is therefore impacting revenue. As we get into Q1 and beyond, the improvements that are really underway with the new team on the supply chain side are a journey. We're putting the processes in place. And they will -- as each season progresses, the improvements we're making are going to improve our execution. But it's not all at once. And so, as we go through next year, you'll see continued improvement in product flow. 
Adrienne Tennant: I guess, can you give us the Canada and U.S. comp split please? 
John Currie: For Q3? 
Adrienne Tennant: Yes. 
John Currie: Yes, Canada was just slightly negative. I think it rounded to minus 1%. U.S. was high-single digits, positive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: John, I was hoping you could give maybe just some historical perspective on how the fourth quarter correlation with e-Commerce and stores really trend into the holiday season? 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, with all the other ups and downs, one of the things we are seeing that's positive is a shift towards e-Commerce. E-Commerce has been very strong. In Q3, it was our highest penetration ever at 16.3%. That is continuing. And that's -- I think more and more, our guest is shopping both channels. And that's why I'm making a point of also talking about the combined comp because there's a shift, to some extent, from stores to e-Commerce. 
Camilo Lyon: Okay. And then just with respect to the mills that you're onboarding. It seems like the second mill that was going through the onboarding phase here over the past couple of months had started to produce product that was of high-quality. Can you just update us on the production capacity coming from those mills? And are they starting to contribute to the better in stock levels? Or when -- if not, when should we see that? 
John Currie: Yes. The second luon supplier is fully on stream. We're very pleased with the quality. And so they're helping both with quality and capacity. And we're still on track to have a third luon manufacturer on the stream by spring of 2014. 
Camilo Lyon: And just last, if I could follow-up on that. Could you just break up the impact between the supply chain disruptions and the slower traffic as it relates to the flat comp in the fourth quarter? Is it a 50-50 split? Or there is one the main driver over the other? 
John Currie: Yes. Roughly, I'd say it's about 1/3 the product issues and 2/3 traffic discussion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad of ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: John, I'm wondering if you could maybe elaborate on or discuss further the PR issue impact that you had mentioned in your prepared remarks and what you think you're seeing from your store associates and the guests in the stores? 
John Currie: Well, I think anytime there's negative PR for a company, there's an impact on the business. I'm not saying we can see a one-to-one correlation. But let's face it. We've had lots of PR issues this year, whether it's the luon pullback or Christine's resignation. And there is, undoubtedly, some impact on traffic, and therefore on the business. Our job is to make sure that that's a short-term impact by earning back the trust of the guest. And that's what we're focused on both in terms of quality and making sure we're connected with our communities. 
Omar Saad: And then, I think you mentioned that October, in the third quarter, was the strongest month of the quarter. But it seems like you've seen this sharp slowdown since then to start the fourth quarter. Is there something specifically happening around that transition from October to November that's going on in the business? 
John Currie: Yes, not to get into weekly comps. I mean it -- November started somewhat slow. I think that might have been more product flow related. We saw, actually, very strong Black Friday, Cyber Monday weekend, and then dipped down again after that. So again, it's really too early to diagnose trends, but that's what we've seen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Edward Yruma: Just really quickly on the weak traffic trend. Does the guidance contemplate kind of a step up in promotion, increase in marketing, or things to kind of offset some of these weak traffic trends that you might be seeing for the balance of the holiday? 
John Currie: No, it does not. I mean, I've mentioned, yes, there's some increase in our inventory reserves to contemplate some level of additional markdowns, since we're running a little bit behind, but not terribly significant. And no other strategic changes other than that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Macquarie Capital. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [indiscernible] in for Liz. The question is that, in light of the PR issues, we were curious to know how you're measuring customer perception of the brand and how you're engaging with the customer beyond the apology video from last month? 
John Currie: It's really difficult to hear the question. Could you maybe repeat it? And... 
Unknown Analyst: Sure. This is [indiscernible] in for Liz. In light of the PR issues, we're curious to know how you're measuring customer perception of the brand and how you're engaging with the customer beyond the apology video from last month? 
John Currie: Okay. We are conducting brand perception surveys, et cetera, and that's, it’s a little too early to talk about our conclusions from that. In the very near term, as I said, the 2 things that we need to do are ensure that only the best quality product gets to the floor, so that we don't disappoint the guest, and reconnect with the guest. And, so for example, we have instituted a program over the holiday call -- we call it, no humbug, where we've allocated funds to each store to just surprise and delight the guest in whatever creative way they want to. It's not discounts, but just sending somebody home to visit their parents for Christmas or whatever else they come up with. Just random acts of kindness to the -- because that's who we are, and just trying to connect with the communities again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: John, where are you in the investment cycle, both for sourcing and international rollout? And should we see a step up in the SG&A rate next year to support these 2 investments? 
John Currie: Yes. In terms of sourcing, as I said, it's a journey. A lot of it is headcount, but there are significant system investments that we have been incurring last -- certainly, over the last year to 18 months. And those will continue over the next couple years anyway. So we're sort of midway through that step-up in investment. And also, international. In 2013, we put in place the core teams in each of Asia and Europe. We've done a lot of the infrastructure build. And what you'll start to see in 2014, as we open up more showrooms and even move to stores in some locations, you'll see some additional SG&A drag as we get up to critical mass in those markets. I think in 2013, international was a net negative of sort of mid-single digits. And it'll be something higher than that in 2014. And depending on the pace of rollout, we'll turn positive once we have enough stores and have critical mass in those markets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen of Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: I had a question on the nature of the current environment with respect to the promotions in the marketplace. Is that something that's impacting your business? And is there a view on how your merchandise margins may be in fourth quarter? Also, if you could just comment briefly on your inventory and the current status of it and how we should expect the growth rate next quarter, if you're comfortable with the level of freshness that's in the composition now? 
John Currie: Okay. Well, when I talk about the macro retail environment, it's not just general traffic in the malls, but it is also how promotional is everybody else. And it is a promotional season, as it looks so far. And we've dealt with that before. We're not promotional. But at some point, if everyone else is on sale, it does impact our performance. And that's the environment that we're living in this holiday season, as we have several other holiday seasons. I'm sorry, can you repeat the second question? 
Oliver Chen: The second question is just about the inventory composition and where the growth rate of inventory stand at the end of fourth quarter, and if the current status of the inventory freshness is okay with you relative to the sell-through’s? 
John Currie: Okay. Of course, inventory levels at the end of the fourth quarter is going to depend on how the holiday season turns out. Again, we're running a little below plan. So our inventory levels will likely be a little bit high and we'll be sending some product to the outlets. In terms of composition, I guess, the good thing is a lot of our, call it, heavy inventory is in our core styles, which we typically don't mark down and aren't season specific. So that will limit the amount of promotional activity. In terms of freshness, again, the holiday tends to be very different than what we'll be looking at in Q1. As we said earlier, we've got some great seasonal styles that have resonated with the guest and have flown off the shelves, and we're out of stock. So when that's the case, we'd love to have had more of some of those. But at the same time, we don't want to find ourselves overstocked in those items that are seasonal. 
Oliver Chen: Do you have any flexibility to become more strategically promotional in order to kind of offset what you're seeing versus competitors? Is there anything that can be done with respect to that so that you can garner your fair share of traffic? 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, It gets to be a much longer conversation. But certainly, we can be flexible as it comes to clearance and markdowns. Again, since a lot of our heavy inventory, as I said, is core, that may not be much of an issue. But we have been creative in the past. We've done pop-up stores, we've done warehouse sales. We'll do those again. And those should be adequate to once again clear the aged inventory. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: I just have a couple of questions. We've noticed that some of your price points appear to be reaching new highs. And I wondered if you could talk about the customer's response? And do you feel you've pushed price points too high in this economy? And then my second question is, have you considered a loyalty program with the incredible growth that you've experienced to get the word out quicker to your most loyal customers on new products and product issues? 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of price points too high, you're probably looking at some of the seasonal items outerwear, where typically the price point is higher. We think we've hit a better balance this year. If you remember last year, we had some of the What The Fluff and other outerwear styles had been, I think, priced too high and we brought them down. That was more of an issue last year than what we're seeing this year. And I don't think we've pushed the price point beyond where our guest is comfortable, especially in those special items. In terms of a loyalty program, that's not in our near-term strategy. Having said that, with digital and mobile becoming more and more important, I think, our strategy is to connect with the guest and let them know when new products are dropping. I think, there's lots of opportunities to improve our execution there in the future that may or may not look like a typical loyalty program. But definitely, we're looking at how we can evolve in that area. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Kate [ph] on for Brian. Just a quick question. So in order -- in terms of the slowdown in traffic, are you usually in there more in terms of new customer adoption? Or is it existing customers that aren't coming back to the brand? Just your sense in terms of who is picking up the brand and who is not? I mean -- and then also, if you could just speak to a changes that you're seeing in the competitive environment, particularly as more retailers enter the athletic and performance wear category? 
John Currie: Sorry, I can't remember the first question already. Can you please repeat the first question? 
Unknown Analyst: Sure. In terms of the slowdown in traffic, do you sense it's more in terms of new customer adoption, right, that's slowing? Or is it more so existing customers that aren't coming back? 
John Currie: I think it's too early to have a diagnostic on that. We are finding, as I said, the seasonal items, the unique items are selling. Typically, that's more our repeat customer, our guest. So that might indicate that she's continuing to come back, selling less core. That may indicate less new guests, but again, it's really too early in the holiday season to do that diagnostic. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then just what you're seeing in terms of the competitive environment? 
John Currie: Yes. As I've said repeatedly, there's no one competitor that we're looking at, that's opening stores that is having a particularly significant impact. But the crowded landscape, of course, makes it more difficult to stand out. And our focus has to be on making sure that our product offering is the best and our in-store experience is the best, so we continue to stand out from that crowded field of competition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Dracker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: Just 2 quick questions. You talked about the difference between the U.S. and the Canadian comp. I was just curious, if you could can dig in a bit on the drivers within each market, whether you saw similar impact from traffic or product issues or AURs or whatever the comp composition might be within the U.S. versus Canada, or if those markets were different? And then secondly, just to approach Lorraine's question in a different light. You talked about the supply chain story for you guys being a journey. As you've moved along, do you feel as if you have all the things you need to tackle under good control? Or are you considering perhaps, a much -- a more material step up in the amount of investment you'll need in order to get the systems right? 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of Canada and the U.S., of course, there are still very different levels of maturity in the 2 markets. Canada is fully built out in a very mature market, whereas the U.S., we're approaching 2/3 built-out and still lots of brand awareness improvement ahead of us. And in spite of that, as we've seen the slowdown, they've been in proportion to each other. So if Canada is X percent below plan, the U.S. is the same level below plan. So that indicates to me that it is the product flow issues that are across the board and to some extent, macro issues. It tells me that it's less competition than in those factors because in the U.S., there are more people trying to look like us than we have in Canada. So I do think it is interesting that the softness is consistent across both countries. In terms of the supply chain, there is a step up required that is what we've been incurring this year, and we'll continue to step up next year. And it's consistent with -- there's no change in our plan recently. Going back to March, and even before, when we're bolstering our supply chain teams and looking at the processes, we knew that there'd be a step up in our SG&A related to those efforts and it's several million. Again, a lot of that is in our run rate today, and there'll be some step up next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, I'm wondering, the product quality issues have been there since March. And if I heard you correctly earlier, it sounds like November was really the timeframe that you started to see a dislocation in the traffic trends into your stores. I'm wondering if you have any ideas or if you've received any feedback from your stores or guests on what the driver of that might be? Do you think there's any causality between Chip's interview and that fall off in traffic? And then, as you look out into 2014 and 2015, is there a way to help us understand or dimensionalize the incremental spend or the incremental investments that you feel like you need to make in the supply chain and product quality in order to make sure that there is consistent high-quality brand standard product that's flowing to the stores? 
John Currie: Okay. As I said before, whenever there's negative PR, it's reasonable to assume that there is an impact on the business. I wouldn't say we have specific feedback from the stores that their lower traffic is related to either Chip's comments or quality concerns. But I do think, as I said, it's realistic to assume that when there is negative press, that there's an impact on the business. And I do think that's impacted us in November and early December. And again, we're focused on reversing that trend. In terms of incremental investment in the supply chain, again, that's all underway. I think, our run rate of spend related to how we're changing the processes and beefing up the teams, probably $10 million or so annually of operating spend. And again, a lot of that's in our run rate for Q3 and Q4, and we'll continue and ramp up some as we go into 2014 and 2015. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Faye Landes of Cowen and Company. 
Tal Lev: This is Tal Lev for Faye. Christine, if you're listening, we're sad to see you go. So first, was or is traffic negative in Q3 or early in Q3 or so far in November? And then, we frankly don't understand why guidance is for flat in-store comps, if October and Thanksgiving were strong, and especially, given the year ago compare that's so much easier sequentially, just seems very draconian? And then finally, a housekeeping. What was the percentage of the men's business in the quarter? 
John Currie: Okay. No. In Q3, traffic was not negative. The comp that we had was driven primarily by positive traffic, just not as positive as we're used to seeing. Traffic in Q4 to date is kind of in line with the comp, it's pretty flat. And again, that's why the guidance is for a flat comp. And again, as I mentioned, but maybe didn't highlight, the other thing in terms of the store comp is we do see a shift towards e-Commerce. And it's increasingly relevant, I think, to think about our comp as both stores and e-Commerce. And as I said, the combined comp guidance for Q4 is 8%. Men's in Q3, Christie, you have that, the men's penetration? 
Chris Tham: Yes. I think, it was about 13.5%. 
John Currie: So men's continues to improve penetration. It's -- if we just broke out the men's comp, I think, it's in the 20s. So men's continues to improve, better acceptance as we're improving and expanding the men's product line. So that's -- the men's opportunity is still a real focus for us in the next year. 
Tal Lev: Can you shed some light on what's driving the 20s comp in Men? What products or areas? 
John Currie: I think, at this point, it really is better product. I think we've hit our stride in terms of the designs of the product team and we're introducing new items, new colors, so that there's more selection for the male guest than what they've seen in the past. And that will continue to be a driver, as well as we do have a pretty significant men's team that we've built up. It is focusing on the men's business beyond just the product piece of that. In terms of brand and marketing and how do we connect with the male guest, who is, of course, very different than the female guest. And I think, again, as we go into 2014 and beyond, that will also drive the opportunity that we see in the men's side of the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William and Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: So a couple of quick questions. Canada, I mean, obviously, it's been slightly negative for, I think a little over a year now. Can you confirm, if you include e-Commerce, whether Canada has been comping positively with e-comm all this time? 
John Currie: Yes. It has. Yes, as I said, the stores have been at very high productivity, sometimes flat, sometimes slightly up and sometimes, slightly down, but e-Commerce has continued to extend our reach in the Canadian market. And it has been -- the combined, I believe, has been positive every quarter. 
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. And then a question on 2014 and then coming back to the fourth quarter. I guess on 2014, I know 6 months ago, there was all this conversation about product flow and different ways to optimize that in 2014, segmenting by climate and doing more strategic markdown optimization and so on. I'm wondering, given the emphasis on product quality control, whether that's getting pushed back further now into 2015 or whether that's still on the docket for 2014? 
John Currie: There's a pretty significant systems implementation project related to that, that we are kick starting in 2014. So the IT team and the business owners related to that are going to be busy on that in 2014. But you won't see it impacting our -- the way we operate until 2015. 
Sharon Zackfia: And then, lastly, on the fourth quarter and your outlook. It sounded as if some of the initiatives you've implemented, like mobile POS and so on, have really helped during times of high traffic, like Black Friday weekend. Last year, it seemed as if maybe your quarter slowed somewhat towards Christmas, as you ran into out of stocks and some challenges handling that traffic. I mean, as you think about what you saw over Black Friday weekend, I mean, is there -- am I too optimistic to think that there's a positive wildcard as you get into those 10 days around Christmas, where you have that really high traffic volume? Or is the product flow really going to negate the potential positives of the mobile POS and so on? 
John Currie: Well, I guess, a couple of things. I mean, this is a tough time to be giving guidance because those super busy days leading up to Christmas are still ahead of us. So we do in -- we do expect, obviously, a significant step up in traffic, and because of the mobile POS, et cetera, we are better equipped to handle those high-volume days. And to your point, I think that did help on Black Friday and wherever else we had a spike. But I wouldn't get carried away in terms of upside expectations. To your point, last year it was actually a slow ramp and then kind of a spike just before Christmas. So I think that is likely similar to what we're expecting to see this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McClintock of Barclays. 
Matthew McClintock: I was wondering if you can talk about the e-Commerce business outside of U.S. and Canada. Is that a meaningful size yet? And how does this business accelerate once you launch a regional website? Lastly, are you learning anything from this business that is changing your views towards countries that you want to prioritize for expansion? 
John Currie: Okay. Actually, international e-Commerce really -- we're looking at as ramping up in conjunction with our bricks and mortar presence. Because we don't do mass advertising, similar to what we saw in the U.S, until we have a physical presence, there really is very little brand awareness. And therefore, the e-Commerce business is not significant until we make some progress on our physical presence. So right now, for example, if you look at Europe, we have 7 showrooms, still not a significant physical presence. We have an EU specific e-Commerce site and 1 for the U.K. And they're growing significantly as those showrooms seed the markets and improve our brand awareness. But a couple of things -- until we have stores, that'll still be quite limited. And other aspect is with only a handful of showrooms and e-Commerce, the volumes are low. And therefore, the inventory levels that we can keep in Europe have to be fairly focused on the core and not too deep. And so, the guest on international e-Commerce sites is still at a point where they don't have the full product assortment. So the key is, get enough critical mass moving to stores and e-Commerce so that we can offer the full assortment to those guests. And that's when we expect to see international e-Commerce becoming more significant. For the time being, it's where we expect it to be, but it's not a meaningful number in the current revenue targets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser of Sterne Agee. 
Sam Poser: I have a couple of questions. Number one, what percent of the quarter is in the books thus far in your current -- where we are as far as revenue? And number two, the SG&A grew at just under 19% in the fourth quarter, which was a significant deceleration of absolute dollar growth. How should we think about that both in Q4 and looking into next year? 
John Currie: Okay. Chris is working the calculator on your first question. 
Chris Tham: About 1/3 of the quarter has already been booked so far. 
John Currie: Then in terms of the lower-than maybe what you expected SG&A growth, I think you have to take into account the currency impact in that, since most of our SG&A is in the office here in Vancouver in Canadian dollars. As we translate to U.S. dollars, that actually reduces the reported SG&A. And as well in Q3, as I mentioned, there was a foreign exchange gain that offsets SG&A. I think, when you normalize for those items, the rate of SG&A growth is probably closer to what you would have expected. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager of Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: John, you've talked a lot about the SG&A side of things. Just hoping, higher level. How do you feel about the 25% longer-term margin target? I know you'll be cycling some gross margin headwinds next year. So maybe just help us understand the puts and takes as you think about the margin goals? 
John Currie: Yes. Long-term, there -- continues to be no reason to expect that our margin profile would be different than what I've been talking about to the market, 55% gross margin, 25% operating margin. And that's an offset of positive leverage on the core business, offset by investments to continue to build the foundation, and the investment, sort of early stage investment in international growth. So long-term, nothing in my mind has changed in that regard. In the very near term, if we see the traffic trends take longer to get back to historical levels of increase, that could cause some short-term compression on margins, especially if there's initiatives to put in place to drive that traffic back. But, when I talk about long-term targets of 25%, there'll be periods where we're higher and periods where we're lower, depending on investments that we have to make and then harvesting those investments. But longer term, no change in our view on that. 
Mark Altschwager: Okay. And then just following up real quick on Q4. I think one of the headwinds faced last year was just under positioning on some of giftable items, lower-priced items. Just -- could you talk about how you are positioned this year, and the early trends you're seeing from that? 
John Currie: Yes. I think we've done a better job this year in acknowledging that this is actually a gift-giving season. So there are lots of lower-priced items, some great mitts, et cetera, that are doing very well. And not just those lower-priced items, but a better selection in the key gift-giving range, plus or minus around $100. That's where there was a real void in our pricing architecture last year. So in that regard, I think we've done a better job this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Quintiliano of SunTrust. 
Pamela Quintiliano: Just a few -- clarification 3Q. How big an impact were the product issues in 3Q within the framework of what you were talking about with 4Q guidance? And then, I know there've been a lot of questions just surrounding the sourcing improvements. But any granularity at all on timing, even if it's what product we should see improvements with first? And just how we should think about into next year? And then just last, any updates on ivivva? 
John Currie: Q3 impact on product issues, I mean, when I talked about Q4, it was really the breakdown between traffic and product issues. I think that the traffic piece of that was less of a factor in Q3. So the product piece in Q3, actually may be a little bit higher because remember, we had very late deliveries of fall product that had a significant impact on August in particular, as we had the summer product still on the floor through August when we should had the fall product on there. So I'd say, that piece was more significant in Q3 than what we're seeing in Q4. Sourcing improvement, sorry, can you repeat that part of it? I'm sorry. I couldn't remember your second question on sourcing improvement... 
Pamela Quintiliano: Just any commentary or granularity on when we should be seeing those improvements or what areas we should be seeing them in first, just how you're tackling that when we think about the progression of '14? 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't say it's in -- this particular style mix or that one because there are across the board improvements on the processes that we employ with all mills, with all cut and sew factories. Having said that, luon is definitely our complicated fabric and that's where our focus has been. But I think, we're already seeing improvements there with a second supplier and the third one coming on. And also with our new 28 gauge Full-On Luon that the guest is absolutely loving. But other than that, I think it's across the board initiative that impacts all of our fabrics and products. Then lastly, ivivva. Sorry, I always kind of overlook ivivva because it's a little sister, but it's actually becoming a really significant growth driver as we look forward. In the quarter, I believe the ivivva comp was 17%. They're now a productivity of getting pretty close to 900 a foot. And so, we are looking to increase our store rollout in ivivva for next year, and I'll include that in my guidance on the next call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: I wanted to just ask John. Has this direct business accelerated from the third quarter to the fourth quarter? And perhaps, if you could explain why the issues that are affecting the stores may not be affecting the direct side of the business? And I think you said your inventory is a little bit high. Just wondering if there was a way to feed the direct business with the store inventory so that perhaps the inventory -- perhaps the markdown levels in store may not be as high as they might be, if comps continue to be flat? And lastly, on the quality control issues, where you're rejecting products. How long do you think that will last, John? Is this something you can look out to, and forecast how long this may cause imbalances in your assortment? 
John Currie: Okay. Well that one question, let's see, e-Commerce, yes, in fact, strong in Q3, and we've seen it even stronger in Q4, both in terms of year-over-year growth rate and penetration. So yes, really excited about what we're seeing there. The question why is e-Commerce not impacted as the stores are, in spite of the strength of e-Commerce, I think there is a similar impact. It's just that it's got such a strong growth trajectory that it's just a lower positive as opposed to flat or negative. If we do have excess inventory that was expected to be allocated to stores, absolutely, we have the ability to shift that to e-Commerce. We do buy for e-Commerce as a store. But since we do the fulfillment from our own distribution centers, it's relatively easy to shift inventory that was designated for stores into the e-Commerce channel. And the impact of quality controls, as I said, this is a journey. I feel great about the team we have in place and the progress we're making. But the quality controls that we are evolving to are very much front-end loaded. They're having people and processes at the mills, as the fabric's being made. And then checks and balances as we go through the cut and sew process, et cetera. And at a minimum, those can -- improvements can only affect the seasons that are just now being planned. In the meantime, as I said, we're focusing on quality control at the back end until those processes are affecting the current season. So quality control is very much focused on -- at the DC making sure that product that's already been delivered, if there are defects, that we're not releasing that to the stores. So at the store level, we're dedicated to ensuring that you won't see quality issues. But for some period of time, if those exist, they will be product not released to stores as opposed to there were never issues for the outset. So again, as 2014 progresses, we'll get progressively better. And by 2015, we're not holding back on investment, et cetera, and hiring. And by 2015, we should be seeing a much, much smoother supply chain operation. 
Therese Hayes: Okay. That's all the time we have for of this morning. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-09-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Second Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. 
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Therese Hayes. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Therese Hayes: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on the call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of our website or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at www.sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days, also available on the website. Hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO.
 We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. [Operator Instructions] 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Therese. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to talk about our second quarter results. John will speak to the numbers in detail in a few minutes. Today, I will speak to where we are strategically, update on the key hires, including the CEO search, and report on some exciting developments within the company. 
 This is the time of year when our board approves the short- and long-term strategic plans, and we have spent the last couple of days aligning on these plans and the key initiatives and milestones for the company going forward. 
 A practical benefit of being in the second year of the 3-year strategic plan is that with a strong plan in place, the new CEO will be able to come in and rely on the management team to run the business, while they take the time required to learn how they can incorporate their specific expertise and experience into our culture and business model. 
 As we announced during our last quarterly call, the board formed a search committee and began executing its CEO succession plan as soon as I communicated my intention to step down from the CEO role. The board engaged search consultants to screen for the full range of potential candidates for this role, and over the past couple of months, has reviewed a list of possible candidates. The search committee is in discussions with several high-caliber candidates, and in the coming months, expects to narrow the list to the final candidates. The start date for the successful person will be dependent on their required notice period, move to Vancouver, et cetera. 
 With a very strong senior management team in place to execute the strategy and run the business, we have plans in place for an orderly transition. And speaking of key people in the organization, over the past several months, we have been focused on strengthening our product operations function so we can continue to grow globally, while maintaining high-quality standards. It is a critical area of our business, so I'm excited today to share some leadership and organizational changes we've made in the areas of sourcing, quality and commercialization. 
 First, we've brought these groups together under one function. This new alignment will streamline reporting and enhance working relationships internally and with our factories. They will also strengthen our quality process, including our end-to-end product life cycle. 
 As part of that strategy, we named Jennifer Battersby as our new Senior Vice President of sourcing, quality and commercialization. Jennifer brings more than 20 years of industry experience, having spent a large part of her career with MAST Industries. Her last role with MAST was SVP, Victoria's Secret Production Asia, where she lead the production and sourcing, product development, raw materials and fitting in Hong Kong, Sri Lanka and Korea. 
 Most recently, she worked as a consultant on strategic sourcing solutions and established best practices from design handoff to manufacture. Jennifer isn't a new face to lululemon and has been with us as a consultant since May and is already well immersed into the culture and business. 
 Jennifer's team will include some of the strongest leaders in our industry, whose dedicated effort over the past several months have enhanced our quality standards and processes with our factories, vendors and partners around the world. We are very fortunate to have such a talented group led by Joan Mudget, our VP of Global Product Quality since September of 2012; Linda Goldstein, our VP, Global Sourcing and Production since January of 2011; and Krista Schreiber, our Director of Product Commercialization since January of 2013. 
 We have made significant progress on the search for our new EVP of Product, and at this time, have identified a strong talent pool for this role and anticipate hiring will be coordinated with the CEO hire. We've also hired Steven Berube, Senior Vice President, Distribution and Logistics. 
 Steven joins us from Cole Haan where he spent nearly 18 years, most recently serving as VP, Production, Distribution and Customer Service. He will be a big asset to our team as we continue to build and evolve our logistical capabilities to distribute our product to stores and guests around the world. 
 While Steve is completing his onboarding, we have been setting up the business to support our 10-year growth plan for the U.S. business, and in August, signed a contract for our distribution facility in Columbus, Ohio. The Columbus DC is scheduled for operation in June of 2014. The key benefit is enhancing our guest experience by enabling cost-effective 2-day service to 100% of e-Commerce guests and faster replenishments of our retail stores. 
 On the product side, we are continuing to support and solidify our points of differentiation. At the end of July, we introduced full-on luon, a next-generation luon that we have been working on for the past couple of years, and it was met with rave reviews from our guest in stores and online. We are expanding our base of production for luon and have onboarded the second source for luon and are on track to onboard the third for the first part of 2014. We recognize the value of our unique fabric and technologies and are taking steps to protect this competitive advantage.
 We are making great progress on the construction of our R&D center under the direction of our Whitespace team, and you will have the opportunity to experience the facility first hand in April when we host our Analyst Investor Day here in Vancouver at our support center.
 Today, we announced the strategic global alliance for X-STATIC with Noble Biomaterials. This partnership gives lululemon exclusivity to the use of Noble's X-STATIC antimicrobio -- I can never say that word, microbacterial technology (sic) [antimicrobial technology] over our performance apparel. Noble has been the longstanding partner of lululemon, providing its X-STATIC technology for our Silverescent fabric since 2005. This unique opportunity allows us to continue to innovate our technical product and secure our leadership position in anti-stink athletic apparel. 
 X-STATIC's properties have helped lululemon to set the industry standard by using the most powerful silver-fabric technology to create our Silverescent fabric. Made with 99.9% pure metallic silver, X-STATIC is designed to provide permanent odor production by naturally inhibiting the growth of bacteria on the surface of fabrics. The silver fiber is woven directly into the garment and will not wash out over time through laundering. 
 There were several key brand initiatives during the Q2, including a focus on yoga at our core, where in addition to the roughly 60,000 people per quarter who participate in our stores' regular weekly complementary yoga classes, we brought 200,000 people to the mat through a number of exciting yoga events around the world, including 1,500 people practicing weekly at Parliament Hill in Canada's capital city of Ottawa, 22,000 yogis at Wanderlust's event in North America, 5,000 people celebrated the SeaWheeze weekend with yoga music concert combination at Stanley Park here in Vancouver, a mega yoga event at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Missouri and over 300 people came together on the mat in Covent Garden in London. 
 heylululemon, introduced this quarter, is our first owned online community. It is designed to create deeper level of engagement and trust with our guests, where they can share their feedback and ideas with us and join in a conversation with behind-the-scenes updates straight from our functional experts.
 We were delighted to see that we were listed as the top e-tail performer in web consumer customer service in July in a report published in WWD called the Studies of Satisfaction Survey [ph], where we dominated the sportswear category with the best scores in phone, email and shipping. A big shout out to our folks at the guest education center and distribution centers for all their hard work. It is nice to see it recognized externally. 
 We are committed to earning our reputation for quality and guest experience every day. We saw a strong guest response to our technical innovation, like the sweat-proof pocket and to the functionality and styling in bags and backpacks. We have also brought back wraps into the assortment, giving the guest offering pieces she loves. 
 While the fall product was later to arrive in our stores, we have seen good response to the fall color palette and the texture and print we have brought into our core. We are excited about the innovation you will be seeing in functional outerwear and textured softshell fabrics, fluffy jackets and vests and versatile silhouettes. 
 Our SVP of men's, Felix del Toro, has been with us almost 6 months now; and he is doing a really great job of building the team to support the expansion of the men's business. He arrived in time for the spring by review of 2014, and we are all really looking forward to seeing the full impact of Felix and his team in the men's product in 2015. we are focused on creating a brand that builds on the same philosophy as our women's product with fit, form and function at the core, however, recognizing the unique characteristics of our male guests. 
 The build of team and product will dovetail well with the timing of the planned expansion of men's, and our store development team is starting the process of looking for optimal sites for our men's stores, which we anticipate opening by 2016. We see this as a tremendous opportunity for lululemon. 
 Men's penetration in Q2 grew to 13.2% of the business. We are on track with our plans to have 16 international showrooms opened by year end, planting the seeds for our global expansion. 
 In August, just ahead of SeaWheeze, we were thrilled to host 28 showroom managers and community connectors from our newest markets in Europe and Asia for a week of cultural emergence. A number of them have worked at lululemon for several years and others had joined 2 weeks prior to coming to Vancouver. 
 To give you a sense of the kind of growth in our international people, only 3 were in Vancouver at this time last year for the leadership conference. This year, we had representation from Hong Kong, Shanghai, Singapore, Tokyo, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Munich and Frankfurt. 
 And as a final note on our international business, I am very excited to announce that we have just signed a lease for our first international store in London in Covent Garden and expect to be able to welcome guests through that door in Q2 2014. 
 With that, I'm going to turn it over to John to go through the numbers. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our second quarter of 2013, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the third quarter and the full year fiscal 2013. 
 For the second quarter, total net revenue rose 21.9% to $344.5 million from $282.6 million in the second quarter of 2012. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 8% on a constant dollar basis, direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 39.4% or $14 million. If we included e-Commerce as a store in our comp calculations, the combined comp would be reported as 13% on a constant dollar basis. 
 An addition of 37 net new corporate-owned stores since Q2 of 2012, 28 new stores in the United States, 2 stores in Canada, 5 stores in Australia and New Zealand and 2 ivivva stores. These are offset with the impact of a lower Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $2.5 million or 0.7%. 
 During the quarter, we opened 6 lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 1 ivivva store. We ended the quarter with 226 total stores versus 189 a year ago. There are 176 stores in our comp base: 37 of those in Canada, 113 in the United States, 19 in Australia and New Zealand and 7 ivivva. At the end of the quarter, we operated 62 showrooms, including 3 in Asia, 5 in Europe and 11 ivivva locations.
 Corporate-owned stores represented 79.5% of total revenue or $273.8 million versus 81.9% or $231.3 million in the second quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $49.4 million or 14.3% of total revenue versus $35.4 million or 12.5% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $21.4 million or 6.2% of revenue for the second quarter versus $15.9 million or 5.6% of revenue in the second quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $186.0 million or 54% of net revenue compared to $155.8 million or 55.1% of net revenue in Q2 of 2012. Product margin declined 220 basis points, due primarily to a lower mix of higher margin black luon bottoms and increases in our inventory reserves. These factors were partially offset by 70 basis points of leverage from occupancy and depreciation and 40 basis points of leverage in product and supply chain team costs due primarily to the timing of spend.
 SG&A expenses were $107 million or 31.1% of net revenue compared to $85.6 million or 30.3% of net revenue for the same period last year. The increase is due to an increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets as well as increases at existing locations due to higher sales volumes, increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business consistent with the 39% year-over-year revenue growth in this channel and increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees, management incentive and stock-based compensation associated with the growth of our business. These increases were offset with a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which decreased reported SG&A by $1 million or 0.9%. In addition, we recorded a $4.4 million foreign exchange gain in our Canadian operating entity.
 As a percentage of revenue, our second quarter SG&A deleveraged 80 basis points due primarily to deleverage in store salaries and wages. As a result, operating income for the second quarter was $79.0 million or 22.9% of net revenue compared with $70.2 million or 24.8% of net revenue in Q2 of 2012.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $23.8 million or a tax rate of 29.7% compared to $13.7 million or a tax rate of 19.1% in the second quarter of 2012. Recall that in Q2 last year, we recorded a lower tax expense to reflect the catch-up in ongoing benefit of revised intercompany pricing arrangements.
 Net income for the quarter was $56.5 million or $0.39 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $57.2 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2012. Remember, the favorable impact of the retroactive tax adjustment last year contributed $0.05 per share. So normalize for that catch-up, EPS in Q2 of 2012 would have been $0.34 compared apples-to-apples with the 39% we're reporting for this Q2. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.9 million versus 145.7 million a year ago. 
 Capital expenditures were $23 million for the quarter, related to new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital, compared to $26.4 million in the second quarter last year. 
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $610.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $163 million or 30% higher than at the end of the second quarter of 2012, higher than our forward sales growth expectations.
 This now leads me to our outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2013. Over the past several months, we've focused on quality and getting luon back into our stores. While this is clearly what was important for our future, it resulted in some short-term pain. We've experienced a weak start to this quarter, driven primarily by late deliveries of fall product, leaving us with the summer product on the floor through August. These late deliveries are a hang over from the disruption caused earlier in the year with the luon issue. While we were successful in getting back in stores with luon, the effort required to get there had a lingering impact on our commercialization and sourcing teams' ability to be ready to hand off to our vendors the current season. We anticipate this knock-on effect to continue to impact timing of product deliveries in Q3 and through the balance of the year. As a result, we now anticipate revenue for the third quarter in the range of $370 million to $375 million. The low-end of guidance reflects how we've been trending in the first half of the quarter, and the high-end reflects some improvement in product flow. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase in the mid-single digits on a constant dollar basis compared with the third quarter of 2012. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar of 0.96 to the U.S. dollar and 22 new store openings, 18 in the U.S., 2 in Australia and 2 ivivva. 
 We expect gross margin to be below last year and at the low-end of the mid-50s range due to higher airfreight costs and the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian dollar compared to last year. We expect SG&A deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to the third quarter of 2012, which is driven primarily from the run rate of IT investments made over the past year, strategic investments being made this year and expenses associated with our international expansion. 
 As Christine mentioned, we plan on opening a second U.S. DC in Columbus, Ohio in the second half of 2014. In addition to costs associated with the planning and integration of the facility, a number of key systems implementations, order management, purchase order management and a new warehouse management system are necessary prior to this launch. These projects were all approved and launched in the second quarter of 2013. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 30% and 146 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.41 per share. For the full fiscal year 2013, we're still targeting to open up to 43 corporate-owned stores, including our ivivva locations. We're also on track to open 13 international showrooms this year.
 We expect net revenue for the year to be in the range of $1.625 billion to $1.635 billion. We expect gross margin for the year to be between 53% and 54%. Q4 will continue to be impacted by the same factors discussed with respect to Q3. And as we've discussed on previous calls, we will also continue to make incremental investments in the areas of quality assurance, design and product development. 
 We expect SG&A to deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to 2012 due in part to lost sales in the luon shortage and delivery delays and the investments we are making in the business to support our long-term growth. 
 As a result, we now expect our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.94 to $1.97. This is based on 146 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 30%. 
 We expect capital expenditures to be between $100 million and $110 million for fiscal 2013, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT projects, real estate purchases, including our new Ohio distribution center and other head office capital, including the build-out of expansion space in our new R&D center within our Store Support Centre here in Vancouver. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thanks, John. 2013 continues to be the most important and productive year in lululemon's history. We have not only worked our way back from the black luon setback, but have also added very talented people in important functions and have taken major steps forward on a number of key fronts, including the expansion of our international and men's businesses and many logistical initiatives. 
 In addition, our exclusive partnership with Noble announced today and additional sources for luon will help to ensure that lululemon remains a distinct leader in quality and innovation. We are well on our way to finishing 2013 as a much stronger company than when the year began. I am confident that the leadership currently in place, coupled with a new CEO, will have tremendous success leveraging the platform for growth. 
 And with that, we'll go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: My question is what is the actual sort of implied comp? You said that there was a tough start to the beginning of the third quarter. Should we assume that it is right in line with that guidance of mid-single digit? And does that guidance imply an acceleration in the comp as the quarter goes on? And then just finally, for the fourth quarter, what type of comp in margin is implicit in the annual guidance? 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, the Q3 guidance is based on a mid-single-digit comp assumption and a slight improvement. As I said, product flow is better as we head into the second half of this quarter. So a slight increase, but still within that mid-single-digit range. For the fourth quarter, the implied guidance is high-single digits of comp. 
Adrienne Tennant: And the margin -- the gross margin? 
John Currie: As I said, it's kind of convoluted that the low-end of the mid-single-digits range, so 53%, 54% in that range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you give any further update on black luon and the expected impact for the year on sales and on EPS? And also, with the comps complexion that you had this quarter, levers of the comp, traffic conversion, AUR and what you're seeing? 
John Currie: Okay. Let me start with the Q2 comp makeup question. The comp, such as it was in Q2, is driven by traffic and conversion being up and average basket being down, which makes sense. We didn't have the $98 group pants, for example, in the basket. We're selling more lower-priced items. I'm sorry. What was the rest of the -- that part of the question? 
Dana Telsey: Expected impact of black luon pants compared to your original estimate for the year? 
John Currie: Yes. The overall impact on revenue is $40 million to $45 million. As I recall initially, we've projected something higher than that. But since we're through it now, it will be in that range. 
Dana Telsey: And just, Christine, can you give us any color on the competitive environment, and what you're seeing? 
Christine Day: I think from reading press headlines every day, you would say that there is a vast variety and growing variety of competitors in the marketplace. What we have seen is that as we return to black luon and particularly the new full-on luon has been flying off the shelf, and we've increased some of our orders for that for the back half of the year. So on our core initiatives, we do believe our customer is weighted and then seize the opportunity to buy. So we feel really good about our positioning long-term based on the high, high quality and the introduction of the new full-on luon, which will go into all pants in tight bottoms in November. And so we're very excited about what that will bring us from a competitive set, as well as we announced obviously, today, X-STATIC. So we feel good about our competitive positioning and differentiation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser of Sterne Agee. 
Ben Shamsian: It's Ben Shamsian for Sam. Just a couple of question -- quick questions. You have talked about 8 store openings in the quarter. You had 11. Just curious what happened there. And secondly, given the increased spending to go international, can you talk about potential leverage points next year? If there is better top line results, will most of that get rolled back into the business, or can we see some of that fall through the bottom line? 
John Currie: I'm sorry. Can you repeat your first question on the store count because that wasn't quite clear. 
Ben Shamsian: Yes. You have guided to 11 stores openings in the quarter, and you opened 8. I just want to know if that was... 
John Currie: Well, yes, there were 3 or 4 openings that were right around the very end of the quarter. So it's just off by a day or so. As you see, there's a lot of openings booked into Q3. So yes, that excess would have been, I guess, at right around the end of Q2. I'm sorry, again. Can you repeat your other question? 
Ben Shamsian: Yes, with regards to just -- as you're spending goes up to go international next year, can you talk about some of the leverage points? If there is better top line, will we see that get flowing to the bottom line, or will most of that get reinvested back into the business? 
John Currie: Yes, consistent with the way we've been guiding. With the investment in international expansion and with the additional spend we're making to shore up our quality and product capabilities, not that I've guided to next year yet, but I wouldn't expect to see significant leverage next year on -- against the normalized 2013. Yes, there is leverage in the core business, but that is being reinvested to build our foundation and to push forward on the international expansion. 
Ben Shamsian: Got it. And can you just break out for us the Canada comps versus the U.S. comps? 
John Currie: Canada was flat and the U.S. was, I think, it was up low to mid-teens. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: Actually, just a clarification on the last question first, John. When you're talking about leverage next year off of a normalized margin, I assume you may normalize excluding the luon outage? 
John Currie: Yes, exactly. 
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Just wanted to clarify that. And I guess, secondarily, maybe I'll take the -- oh, gosh, my new phone. I have a question for Christine because I think there's a lot of kind of swirly thought processes on how the strategic vision of lululemon may or may not change going forward. And it sounds like you just went through a process with the Board of Directors. So maybe if you can talk about kind of where lulu has been and where it's going and whether you think there are any major differences that are going to occur going forward versus what we've seen kind of in your outline of the plan previously? 
Christine Day: Yes, we really look at it in a 1- to 3-year strategic plan, which I think I referred to as almost an operating strategic plan. And that's really deep on foundational investments and the infrastructure we really know we need to grow, even today's business. And then as we start to look into the mid-horizons or what are the seeds that we're planting to maintain long-term growth. And then a vision that we're painting and compelling through the -- a compelling vision that we're painting for really about that 10-year growth. And we look at all 3 horizons, so we know that we're making the right investments today to support that. What we anticipate will happen is it's very clear the things we need to do over the next 3 years from a foundational perspective. And as the new CEO comes in, we anticipate that the senior team will be able to continue to drive that day-to-day operational and strategic plan. Because what's true today is the team does that. And my focus has been and the senior team's focus is much more on that 3 to 5 and 10. So just balancing those 2 things in the beginning that the team is perfectly capable of doing, and that allows a new CEO time to come on, learn the company, learn what's different and valuable and distinct around lululemon, and then begin to shape those really beyond 3-year horizons with their own special talents and unique -- and visions for the company. And the board and us are very comfortable with that, and that's honestly the discussion that's had with the candidates that are coming in. 
Sharon Zackfia: And just to be clear, on the pace of expansion, is everybody pretty comfortable with the pace of store expansion that the company has embarked on? 
Christine Day: Yes. I mean, very kind of slow and steady. International is a very big comfort zone. If somebody wants to come and accelerate that and change the model in the future, that is always an open discussion. But right now, especially the transition stage we're on, very much on track. Everybody's committed to that. Men's is seen as a huge opportunity and that's -- go faster as we build the infrastructure and so on. And you've got your core business, which is on track and same strategy as we've deployed. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad of ICI (sic) [ISI] Group. 
Omar Saad: Could you elaborate on the -- why the effort and how the effort to restock the luon black bottoms, how that's kind of holding back the inventory flow? What's going on at the supplier level? And kind of leading to this position where you don't necessarily have the right product for the right time of year, where you wanted them to be, especially since it sounds like some of the luon product, I think you said, flying off the shelves. And is that holding back the tops business? I think last quarter, you had kind of mentioned a negative impact from not having the right bottoms and negatively impacting the tops as consumers coordinate the tops and the bottoms. 
Christine Day: Great. Our main bottleneck right now is our commercialization department. Every time we change a manufacturer, or every time we change a pattern or a fabric for the pants, so, for instance, moving the Wunder Under to the new Full-On Luon requires a complete recommercialization of every size in that pants. And so we've had the -- we've had to recommercialize the original luon, the new luon. And for every manufacturer we bring on, and we've got 3 new manufacturers, we've had to recommercialize the pants for all of those. Plus, we had to commercialize for every new style. So plus, as we correct for quality and making sure that in every step we've done additional inspections, which has slowed us down, and we've increased our -- or decreased would be the correct word, our sewing tolerances, which slowed the factories down a little bit to make sure that, at every step in the way, we were getting the quality that we wanted. And then you add on just time constraints with the amount of quantity of product we're trying to catch up on with luon and kind of the seasons collapsing. If we're late with one, then it affects the start day of the next. And so we're incurring a little bit more airfreight and slowdown in the shipping process. So for us, that is a short-term pain for the long-term gain of really differentiating ourselves on quality, and it's the work that we're managing to make it through. So that commercialization impact in bringing on the third factory is still at play. And we're working back through all of our other fabrics to make sure that we're hitting the quality standard we want. So the commercialization workload will affect us for a period of time. And then the tops business... 
Omar Saad: And the impact on tops business and the bottoms? 
Christine Day: Yes, we definitely saw that in Q3 as we were trying to get back in stock beginning -- sorry, even the end of Q2, beginning of Q3, the top-bottom ratio was definitely affected by the ability of not having bottoms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: I wanted to ask a couple of questions. Christine, if you -- I know you probably had too much summer in the stores in August, but if you could give us an idea of the leads that you're getting on the fall products and how confident you are on the styling there, particularly on the tops and underwear? And as we look forward to the fourth quarter and next year, I was wondering with -- how confident you are that these production issues and delivery issues will begin to moderate and if you have the right people in place to manage that process. And for John, I was wondering if you could address 2 issues. First, the new store productivity levels, where they are and if they are meeting your internal objectives. And secondly, what we should be thinking about as a long-term operating margin level for the company? Because there's been a lot of issues to this year that have obscured the -- our ability to come up with that. 
Christine Day: Okay. Starting with your question around fall. We've -- we just really dropped fall this last week, and we had several pieces that actually sold out within the hour. If you tried to buy the skirt, you couldn't buy it. There -- it features a very attractive commuter line with a great jacket instead of pants that builds on the statutory [ph] fabric we use in the men's Mission Pant. So very successful first read on fall. Lots of great customer comments. Lots of great comments on the Full-On Luon. And as I said in November, Full-On Luon goes from just being in Wunder Unders into all of our tight [ph] bottoms, so we're excited about that. Outerwear was a smaller buy. I think with the warm weather in the States, we are seeing a slower takeoff there, but a very strong reception in Canada. And we do have ability to move inventory back and forth, depending on where the guest is buying it. So we're not overly concerned about working through this smaller buy in outerwear that we did. On the commercialization, I feel very, very good about the people. Jennifer, as we said, has been working with us since May and the team that we have in place on the partnership that we have with our factories and how they're working with us. So while we do anticipate some timing as spring bumped into fall, fall into winter, and just build -- rebuilding our stock in luon to catch up with demand, we do expect it to kind of be an airfreight situation to catch up and manage flow. We did experience some additional late deliveries and shortages due to political unrest. One of our key tops is manufactured in Egypt. And so we've seen some late shipping from that that we're working through. But we do expect that from a luon impact that, at the beginning of next year, we should be caught up. 
John Currie: Then your questions, new store productivity continues to be strong, a little bit better than our expectations. $1,150 a square foot or higher on average versus a range within that. But again, continuing similar to how it has in the past few quarters. And then on your question on long-term operating margin, even though we're -- we are investing more on the product team, et cetera, we also see future efficiencies. And there's no reason to change my longer-term outlook on the 55% gross margin and 25% operating margin as, again, as we continue to grow and expand internationally. And again, that's -- leverage above that in the core business, reinvested into foundation and international expansion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff of CLSA. 
Barbara Wyckoff: Can you talk about the current mix of core basics versus fashion basics and fashion? Optimally [ph], what should it be? And how long do think it's going to take for you to get there? 
Christine Day: I would say that because of some of the delays, we haven't had as much new product in the end of the quarter than we would have liked. And so with the fall drop, we're pretty much back on track with our historical percentages in probably the overall buy. The timing of when things arrive, the tops that matches the bottom and some of the challenges we've had with that in holding certain items does affect the mix on a day-to-day, week-to-week basis, and that's really what we're working through right now. But from an overall product strategy perspective, I feel very good about the mix and the design details in the fall and winter and offset by the challenges of the timing that we're having. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, you mentioned in your gross margin discussion that you had an increasing reserve here in the quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk to us about what that is and any light on the magnitude would be helpful. And then I think you said in the SG&A commentary that you experienced some deleverage in stores, salaries and wages. I was just wondering, given that you delivered an 8% increase in comp store sales in the quarter, maybe you could just talk about the puts and takes of why, with an 8% comp, you would be seeing some deleverage there. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, the provisions that I referred to, we take a variety of provisions against our inventory, whether it's for shrink or damaged goods or obsolescence, et cetera. So there's a variety of factors, including the fact that we were high on inventory at the end of the quarter. And so it's just prudent to take some additional reserves to reflect the impact of that on the gross margin. The question about store, salary deleverage, to some extent, that was delivered and tied to the luon issue with the lower revenue than we would otherwise have expected. We didn't want the educators that we employ in the stores to be the ones suffering. So we've maintained labor hours that-- or maybe higher than we'd otherwise have incurred for the level of revenue we saw. And as well as we set bonus targets for the store-based employees, those bonus targets were reset downward to realistic expectations of revenue based on product that we had available. And so therefore the bonus for the store-based staff was there even though revenue was down. 
Kimberly Greenberger: But going forward, when do -- would you expect that to normalize? 
John Currie: That's -- that was -- as I said, that was an issue that was really a Q1, Q2 issue related to the luon shortage. That should be normalized now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black, Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: I'm just trying to -- had a question about -- see that you're bringing back some of your electronic product offerings. Can you talk about what kind of response you're seeing from your new guests and your loyal guests on those iconic pieces? And then, I guess, a follow-up would be on your men's business. It appears that the fit, especially in the bottoms, is evolving. Can you talk about your men's -- where your men's business is? And are you happy with the fits and offerings? It seems like the inventory levels has been fairly lean on smaller size line on both online and stores. Can you talk about your strategy in the men's inventory? 
Christine Day: So on the men's inventory, we're actually seeing stronger sell-throughs, which is driving some of the stock-outs that you mentioned. We've seen actually tremendous growth recent -- in the recent quarter in the men's business as we started to add some more color and some of the technical pieces were brought back. There was a little bit of some vendor issues in terms of supply on our popular Vitasea. And we expect to be back in stock with that shortly with some really great colors for fall. For fit, as we discussed in other quarters, we had gone under Rob's leadership to quite a tighter, more European fit, and now we've loosened that back up. Some of the initial work that Felix has done is really re-look at all of the blocks -- fit blocks for an athletic fit and that was one of his first initiatives. That work is complete, and you can expect very consistent sizing in men's, which is going to be a huge win. And then on the iconic styles that you mentioned, definitely bringing back wraps, and we want our wraps to last 5 years. And so we've really worked with our knit manufacturers to develop a knit quality that is going to last for a long time. So we're really pleased, not only that we brought back some of the iconic styles, but the quality and longevity of these items we're also very excited about. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul of Barclays. 
Ronbert Drbul: Yes, the question that I have is, you talked about opening the store in Covent Gardens. Could you give us any more color on early reach on the international showrooms that give you the confidence in Europe and in Asia specifically, and then most specifically the U.K.? 
Christine Day: In the U.K., we've -- we know that we're more than ready for stores. We've opened several showrooms in the London area. We've been seen great response. We've seen the business grow in e-Commerce as well. But still, with a few showrooms in the market, you're not -- you don't have a lot of big PR and we grow things with our community events. We believe the first store will be a milestone event for us. We are going to be doing some things that we don't normally do in the course of lululemon by increasing our PR strategy and making a little bit more of a splash with that London store opening. So we view this as really a beachhead into the opening of both the U.K. and the European market, really telling the brand story, which is important to us. And we've gotten great guest feedback on the products. We do note that they like more color and pattern in the U.K, particularly in the bottoms, and so we're prepared to address that need. We see sizing run very similar to North America in the U.K. In Asia, we see brighter colors are appreciated and a shift into the smaller size runs. But no major change because we work with stretching it and we do hemming of tops and bottoms that we've not had a fit issue in the Asian market. In Asia, very, very strong response in Singapore, in particular. And we are beginning to shift into Shanghai this year as well. So very strong response, and we believe all the markets are right on track. And we're seeing very positive response to the concept, and most importantly, to the culture of lululemon. We had several events in Shanghai where we're doing some pre-branding, where we had several hundred people participating in the event. So we're very confident that the lululemon culture and brand translates as well as the product. 
Ronbert Drbul: Great. And Christine, if I could just ask one more question, which is it's been a little over 3 months now since you decided to step down. Have you given your next chapter any thoughts that you could share with for us? 
Christine Day: If I could get an end date, I'd be happier to answer that question. No, I'm going to take some time off and then I'll evaluate what's next for me. But I'm still here, as I committed to, for a period of time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: I just wanted to go back to the commercialization discussion. Christine and John, if you could just maybe speak to what parts of the commercialization process could lead to some potential upside in the back half here? Is it more airfreighting that would get your product delivering more in-store on time? Is it a more streamlined control process that -- where the bottleneck starts to release? Is there any part of that process that could really result in a reacceleration of that product flow? 
John Currie: Yes, not really, because what we're guiding to is based on what we now either know or have a high degree of expectation in terms of when product will deliver. So delays, in other words, are already baked in. We're using more airfreight than we have historically and that's already factored in. And the point we're making is we still have inconsistent product flows and that will carry on through Q4. 
Christine Day: I think it's important, as like in the raw materials process of bringing on new manufacturers in that the on-site quality inspections and being there and really ensuring we're getting the right raw materials that then begins the rest of the process. We do expect, over time, the tightened tolerances we have on our sewing standards will increase the speed of production as the sewers get used to the new patterns and tolerances. So you are talking about a lot of our core product. We had to slow them down, make sure that all of the tolerances were being sewn to the right specification. So what I mean by that is that a sloppy 4 doesn't become a bad 6. And so we've really made sure the manufacturing spec across all of our base are tight. And as they get used to sewing to the new standard, they will slow up. But we've hit Q4 volume, as I think the other thing that you have to recognize is that's one of our biggest quarters and it takes a lot to get that back in stock, which is why, by the time we get to Q1, it should ease up because the volumes were down. And you also have to remember there's Chinese New Year, so we have to make the spring product in the same period. So there's a lot of challenges. We're just managing kind of a peak volume of production in Q4. 
Camilo Lyon: Great. And then just lastly, on markdown rates. What was the markdown rate in Q2? And how do you see that unfolding for Q3, given that there's more still carryover product from summer? 
John Currie: Yes, it was actually fairly consistent with what it's been sort of in the low teens. Expect that to continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: How do you -- so in terms of inventory being up 30%, where do think it'll be at the end of the third quarter and maybe at the end of the fourth quarter as well? 
John Currie: Boy, that's a tough one, especially with the inconsistent products, what we're seeing. Maybe I can start by giving a little bit of color on the end of Q2. We actually had excess summer product at the end of Q2. But then with delays in a lot of the fall product, we, as Christine said, we left a lot of the summer product on the floor through August and ended up selling through a lot more than we would have otherwise. And that means, with late deliveries, we now have somewhat of an excess of fall product against a shortened selling season. So that's part of what's going on. And again, with inconsistent product flow through the rest of the year, it's pretty tough for me to give you a meaningful estimate of a point-in-time inventory balance. But I do expect we'll be a little bit higher than the level that we normally like to be at the end of Q3, which is the same as at the end of Q1 and Q2 this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy of Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: So I'm still unclear on some of the mechanics of the supply chain delays. Pardon me if I'm dense, but you talked about some of the commercialization delays. To be clear, is that specific to luon? Or does it impact other products as well? 
Christine Day: It -- there's a lot of our product made in luon. So that is the primary effect, was both in the raw materials switchover and, particularly, the pants and bottoms. And then if we've made outfits in colors and dyes that match tops, we have hold the tops to match the bottoms. So it does have a knock-on effect to both. The -- but we are working through all -- recommercializing every single one of our top fabrics to making sure that they really last and hold the standard and that we've done everything that we should be doing to hit the quality standards that we have. So it's very much a company exercise in being quality first. And so there is a knock-on effect to the other fabrics, which affects all tops at the raw material stage. The sewing process slowdowns through the experience are primarily pants. 
Jim Duffy: Got you, that's helpful. John, can you share some specific thoughts on the process around the calculation of the impact to comp and margins in the back half of the year? For instance, could you quantify the expected airfreight expense? 
John Currie: The airfreight, trying to see.  Airfreight is about 80 basis points. Yes, it'll impact gross margin by about 80 basis points, if that helps. Sorry, what was the rest of your question? 
Jim Duffy: The rest of it was the thought process around the calculations of the impact to comps specifically and then the margins. 
John Currie: Okay. Well, again, the guidance is based on what we've been seeing so far this quarter. It then gets a little bit more difficult because I am trying to forecast revenue based on inconsistent product flow. But that's the main item. And as I look out -- I mean, also influencing my guidance is the fact that every other retailer is experiencing weakness and mall traffic is down, so it wouldn't be a time to be bullish on the macroeconomy either. 
Jim Duffy: Understand. And then, the fall product, for instance, can you maybe speak specifically about how late that arrived in the stores? 
Christine Day: We just set this last week, and normally, we would have set in the second or third week of August. Usually, actually, the second week, we do a transitional pod. So that definitely was about a 3-, 3.5-week delay and we're still waiting confirmation for deliveries for our October and November. So that's affecting our ability to forecast. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss of Crédit Suisse. 
Christian Buss: I was wondering if you could talk about what the normalized margin rate is for 2013 implicit in your guidance. Another way of saying that is, how much is the luon impact and how much is the investment in quality in international and how much is coming from the sales deleverage? 
John Currie: Oh, boy. The write-off on luon, and that hasn't changed, that was roughly $17 million. The investments that we're making to shore up our product and quality capabilities, it's about $5 million this year, primarily in the second half, and that will be a run rate going forward. And then, deleverage, actually -- we're actually leveraging some of our fixed costs in cost of sales. So for example, as I said, even in Q2, we saw positive leverage on occupancy and depreciation. Some of that's coming from the fact that we've got caps on all of our percentage rents and that we're starting to see the benefit there. So don't see overall deleverage as being a component. But the other pieces are -- hopefully, have clarified the quantum. 
Christian Buss: Could you talk a little bit more about the international investments that you're making? 
John Currie: Yes, and that's everything from store pre-opening costs, but more significantly, building all the infrastructure and getting the headcount in place to manage the business ahead of having a revenue stream. So that's where we are now. So if you look at Europe, for example, we have a head of Europe on board. We've hired a head of real estate for Europe and several other key positions. But of course, we're not opening the first store until the middle of next year. So overall, it's consistent with what I've said in the past. I think we're sort of high-single-digit millions negative on the international and net investment. 
Therese Hayes: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for this morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-06-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. And welcome to the lululemon athletica First Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Therese Hayes. Please go ahead. 
Therese Hayes: Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2013 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning -- or this afternoon, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days, also available on the website. Hosting our call today is Christine Day, lululemon's CEO; and John Currie, our CFO.
 We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. 
 We have about one hour for today's call. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn it over to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Therese. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today to talk about our first quarter results. Today, we're joining you from Chicago, where we're holding our AGM and board meeting this week. 
 Before we get into discussing the quarter, I would like to speak to the announcement we made today about my decision to step down from my CEO role here at lululemon. For me, personally, being a part of lululemon over the past 5.5 years has been an incredible journey. I am proud of building a world-class team that has produced one of the best growth, brand and profit stories in retail. The plans have been laid for the next 5 years and a vision for the next 10. I feel that the timing is now right to bring in the next CEO candidate who will drive that 10-year vision. The board has formed a search committee and is executing its CEO succession plan. While I will continue to lead the team until a successor is named, to ensure a smooth transition, in keeping with our efforts to be open and transparent, we are announcing this today so that the board can openly search for the next CEO. 
 And now let's talk about the business. In a way, the past quarter has been one of the most important in our company's history. While we regret that we had a quality issue with our black luon, we are proud of the organization's ability to get luon delivered back into our stores within 90 days of having pulled it from our line, all the while keeping our guests happy and engaged with the brand. While we certainly understood the importance of quality control and running a tight sourcing operation, and we're working on upgrading our infrastructure and controls, the silver lining to this crisis was the big leap forward in our transition to owning our own technical standards and expertise. We are continuing to make key investments in this area. We now have Jennifer Battersby, formally of MAST, working with us on a consulting basis for 5 months to enhance and improve our product processes. And we have had strong round of candidates for our senior supply chain and logistics position. 
 We are also well into the process of interviewing candidates for the EVP Product role. Since the last week in May, we have been delivering luon to our stores that, according to 2 separate sets of tests, one with a third party, demonstrates that our luon performance characteristics shows no significant differences when compared to garments produced from 2007 to 2010. Most importantly, the feedback from our educators and guests has been great, and there is across-the-board excitement about being back in black. Our stores are back to being their cheeky, fun and irreverent selves and are focused at what we are best in the world at, educating our guests. 
 We also achieved some other key milestones in Q1. We continued to expand internationally and have now opened 2 new showrooms in London, Covent Garden and Islington; a showroom in Berlin, Germany; and one in Singapore. We launched our e-Commerce website for our New Zealand guests. Early feedback online from the new communities have been very positive, and we're seeing strong early interest in our product and our complimentary yoga classes and community events. 
 In China, the legal entity is now formed, and we are working towards finalizing our retail license and expect to have 3 showrooms in that market by year end. In North America, we expanded into 7 new communities. And as we always do, each new store location hosted locally inspired community events to celebrate their opening. For example, our meatpacking store's opening party was called "breathe deeply, be lifted." The intention was to inspire our guests through meditation while celebrating the juxtaposition of stillness in a community that's the epicenter of nightlife, fashion and the fast-paced New York City lifestyle. 
 In Brossard, Quebec, our team celebrated with a "back to the roots" themed party, celebrating everything they love about Montréal and the local culture. In Garden City, we held several celebrations. One event included Tata [ph] lounge and the booty bar, which provided graffiti signs where community members could add their own words to celebrate their bodies. And here in Chicago at Deer Park Town Center, they opened their doors to host a book party with a local author, who is creating community by shaking up business as usual. 
 We launched our eGift Cards program on our e-Commerce website on April 24. Our guests love them. And in the 2 weeks leading up to Mother's Day, we saw a significant growth in total gift card sales year-over-year. 
 One of the most exciting community milestones in Q1 was the launch of our new yoga finder app, called Om Finder, which supports our ambassadors and helps guests find a yoga class wherever they are in the world. It launched in April, and in its first month, we surpassed 50% of our annual target for downloads. It has been a huge hit. And most importantly, we are authentically supporting our ambassadors' businesses while helping more people in the world find yoga, new teachers and, hopefully, expanding their practice. 
 There were some very tragic events in the past quarter in countries where we make our product, including the building collapse in Bangladesh and recent strikes in Cambodia. Our sourcing philosophy is to work with a relatively small group of vendor partners, which gives us the opportunity to work very closely with them on all aspects of the business. We have small percentage of our production in Bangladesh, and both vendor partners we work with are in a separate areas of country from Dhaka where the issues with building safety have occurred. The factories we work with are located in Chittagong in an economic zone that pays approximately 30% more in wages and has specific requirements for building safety that reflect international standards. 
 Labor issues can be complex in some of these countries. And recently in Cambodia, there has been a strike outside one of our factories that is being led by a group of workers who organized a minority union that has different views from the current majority union. Our vendor partner, Sabrina, who has been highlighted in the press around this issue, actually raised workers' wages ahead of the government mandate and has better benefits than any other factory in Cambodia. I encourage you to check out our recently launched sustainability microsite, where you can learn more about our sustainability efforts with our stores, ambassadors and vendors. 
 Turning now to product. During the quarter, we regrounded ourselves and why we're best in the world at developing technical athletic apparel that makes our guests look and feel beautiful. Our differentiator is our value proposition. It's all of the amazing elements that benefit our products provide. It's a combination of fit, style, color, performance, compression and of our bottoms. It's our design and product team's ability to hit the optimal amount of each of these elements that keeps us on the leading edge of innovation. It's also important to note that while we're tightening our processes, we'll always push innovative boundaries and we'll continue to disrupt the market. Taking risks means we'll will make a few mistakes along the way. But as part of our DNA, it has been a driving force behind our success to date. 
 We continue to explore new categories once again this year through fewer but expanded capsules to build our future product lines. Here is what we learned: early feedback on our tennis and golf capsule, which is in stores now, has been terrific, particularly our polo top, tennis skirt and club short. In fact, we sold out of the polo online in less than 48 hours. Our hot-hitter tennis dress was more of a traditional tennis outfit and didn't do as well, which reminds us we do our best when we design products that have great crossover appeal. 
 Our continued foray into swim continues to be very promising. We implemented learnings from last year's capsules and have had strong cross-channel rollout of imagery education, and our guests love it. The one learning this year is around timing. Our guests are telling us they would like the selection now in June, so we'll look to adjusting our cadence for swim next year. 
 Our cycling capsule continued to be a great opportunity to test our technical fabrics and construction. However, we didn't perform as well as last year as the prints were more popular than the color black that we had this year. So we'll take that feedback and look at new ideas for next year.
 And that's what's great about capsules. We can use them to test out ideas and explore new opportunities for the brand, as we continue to create the future. 
 Turning to Men's. It continues to be a key area of focus for our team, as we put the building blocks in place to grow this area of our business. We're well set up for Father's Day next weekend with inventory and selection in polos, shorts and technical tops. We're specifically excited about Men's polos. We took feedback from last year and added more color to our polos and more variety and comfort and performance fabrics. They're being very well received so far. Felix del Toro has completed his immersion and will take the helm of Men's this quarter. The stores that he worked in will miss his merchandise and selling skills. We saw comp increases in the Men's departments in the stores he trained in. He is excited to drive this opportunity to the next level. 
 We also have more depth and colors in Men's shorts as well. And our technical tops, like the Metal Vents and Precise Tee, are available in more colors than ever. In fact, you'll see greater color in all of our Men's styles now and in the coming summer months. 
 With that, I'm going to turn it over to John to go through the numbers. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our first quarter of 2013, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the second quarter and the full year of fiscal 2013. 
 For the first quarter, total net revenue rose 21% to $345.8 million from $285.7 million in the first quarter of 2012. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 7% on a constant dollar basis; the addition of 38 net new corporate-owned stores since Q1 of 2012, 29 of those new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 6 in Australia, 1 in New Zealand and 1 ivivva store; direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 40.4% or $15.5 million. If we included e-Commerce as a store in our comp calculations, our comps would be reported as 12% on a constant dollar basis and offset with a foreign exchange impact of a lower Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $2.6 million or 0.7%. The adverse impact on revenue of the luon issue was within the range of what we estimated when we guided last quarter. 
 During the quarter, we opened 6 corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S. and 1 in Australia. We ended the quarter with 218 total stores versus 180 a year ago. There are 168 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 105 in the United States, 18 in Australia and New Zealand and 6 ivivva stores. We also opened 3 international showrooms during the second quarter, 2 in the U.K. and 1 in Singapore, for a total of 6 in Asia and Europe at the end of Q1. At the end of the quarter, we operated a total of 51 showrooms, including 6 ivivva showrooms.
 Corporate-owned stores represented 77.9% of total revenue or $269.4 million versus 80.1% or $228.8 million in the first quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $54 million or 15.6% of total revenue versus $38.4 million or 13.5% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $22.5 million or $6.5 million of revenue in the first quarter versus $18.5 million or $6.4 million of revenue in the first quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $170.7 million or 49.4% of net revenue compared to $157.3 million or 55% of net revenue in Q1 of 2012. The factors that contributed to this 560 basis point decrease in gross margin were the $17.5 million write-off of unsellable luons that did not meet our standards, which had a 510 basis point impact on gross margin. The luon write-off consisted of on-hand delivery at our distribution -- sorry, inventory at our distribution center, including store pullbacks and product on order held at our factories, offset with estimated duty recoveries. This was slightly higher than the $17 million estimated at the time we announced the issue, primarily due to higher-than-anticipated percentage completion of some of the work in progress at that time. 
 Product margin decline of 90 basis points due to a lower mix of higher-margin core items, such as luon, and slightly higher markdowns compared to the first quarter of 2012, in part due to winter markdown product allocated to stores during the luon shortage. These were offset with 40 basis points of leverage in product and supply chain team costs. 
 SG&A expenses were $104.8 million or 30.3% of net revenue compared with $84.2 million or 29.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 24.5% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets, as well as increases at existing locations due to higher sales volumes; increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business, consistent with the 40% year-over-year revenue growth in this channel; and increases in expenses at our store support center, including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees, management incentive and stock-based compensation associated with the growth of our business. And finally, these were offset with the weaker Canadian and Australian dollar, which decreased SG&A by $900,000 or 0.8%. 
 As a percentage of revenue, our first quarter SG&A deleveraged 90 basis points, due primarily to the luon shortage, which resulted in lower-than-planned sales, while we continued to invest in our strategic initiatives, including international expansion and key IT systems. As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $65.9 million or 19.1% of net revenue compared with $73.1 million or 25.6% of net revenue in Q1 of 2012. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $20.1 million at a tax rate of 29.8% compared to $27 million at a tax rate of 36.5% in the first quarter of 2012. The lower effective tax rate reflects the ongoing impact of revised intercompany pricing agreements.
 Net income for the quarter was $47.3 million or $0.32 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $46.6 million or $0.32 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2012. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $145.8 million versus $145.6 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $21 million for the quarter compared with $12.7 million in the first quarter of last year, with the increase associated with new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital.
 Turning to our balance sheet highlights. We ended the quarter with $588.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $143.7 million or 33.5% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2012, slightly higher than our forward sales growth expectations. A portion of this is timing, as we took earlier possession of summer product in April versus May last year due to a change in our buying calendar. But we also had certain spring styles that did not perform to plan, and those will be sold through our outlets and other exit channels through the year. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2013. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.97 with the U.S. dollar and 11 new store openings: 7 in the U.S., 1 in Canada, 2 in Australia and 1 ivivva. We currently anticipate revenue in the range of $340 million to $345 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase of 5% to 7% on a constant dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2012. 
 Our guidance for the second quarter reflects that we began to deliver certain black luon styles, such as Groove Pants, Astro Pants and Wunder Unders, beginning late May. And we will continue to for the remainder of the quarter, based on estimated product flow. However, we're getting back into stock gradually as production and delivery of these styles ramps up, and we'll not be fully back in stock until the end of Q2.
 We expect gross margin to be in the low 50s, down from a year ago. Primarily due to deleverage against fixed costs as sales are impacted by some continued black luon shortages, lower merchandise margins due to a lower mix of higher-margin core product and the impact of foreign exchange due to a weaker Canadian and Australian dollar compared to last year. We're also making incremental investments in the areas of testing and quality assurance protocols; raw material teams; increased factory oversight, along with training and education delivery that will increase expenses, including cost of -- included in cost of goods sold. We expect SG&A deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared to the second quarter of 2012, which is driven primarily from the run rate of key systems investments made last year, strategic investments in 2013 and our continued focus on international expansion. Our SG&A also reflects preopening costs related to the 11 stores planned to open in Q2 and additional stores planned to open in early Q3 of 2013. 
 So assuming a tax rate of 30% and 146 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.35 per share. For the full fiscal year 2013, we're still targeting to open up 43 corporate-owned stores, including our Australia stores and ivivva locations. We are also on pace to open up to 15 international showrooms this year.
 We expect net revenue for the year to be in the range of $1.645 million (sic) [billion] to $1.665 billion. For the year, we expect gross margin to be below our long-term 55% target, with gross margin in the low 50s in the third quarter and increasing to the mid-50s in the fourth quarter. Temporary suspension of production at our factories and mills, along with chasing noneffected styles to even out product assortment in Q2, did have an adverse impact in fall production, which will result in increased airfreight to be incurred in the back half of the year. As mentioned earlier, our gross margin guidance for the remainder of the year also reflects the impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, along with investments that are being made in quality and product development.
 We will also begin incurring some expenses associated with the setup of our second U.S. distribution center, which we plan on opening in the second half of 2014. We are now down to choosing between our final East Coast potential locations to complement our existing U.S. DC in Sumner, Washington and anticipate it could manage as much as 65% to 70% of our volume in the next 5 years and play an important role in efficiently flowing product to our stores and guests.
 We expect some SG&A deleverage as a percent of revenue compared to 2012, due in part to lost sales from the product shortage, along with continuing to progress with our long-term systems and supply chain roadmap and together with international seeding and planning. As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage from 2012 and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.96 to $2.01. This is based on 146.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 30%. We expect capital expenditures to be between $95 million and $100 million for fiscal 2013, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing premises.
 And with that, I'll open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: Christine or John, I was hoping you could talk about what you're seeing over the last couple of weeks with the restocking of the luon back on the shelves. Has there been a release of the pent-up demand? Does the consumer understand that they're back -- that you're back in stock? And what is really the message that you're communicating to them about being in the greater in-stock position over the coming few weeks as the quarter starts to reach its end? 
Christine Day: I like -- we're doing a soft launch really of kind of our back in black, as all the stores get fully up to speed. And most importantly, the e-Commerce just really started to release its black stock this week. So you'll see us escalate the messages out and with an email and with some cute online things that will start happening towards the middle of the month. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: Christine, I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail on the reason for your departure and also a little bit more color on thoughts of succession plan. 
Christine Day: Great. This was a personal decision of mine. And look, it's never a perfect time to leave a company that you love. I've had a great run at lululemon over the past 5.5 years, and I'm really proud of what the team and I have accomplished. And now, as the company embarks really on that next 10-year vision, the timing is right to bring in a new person to lead. And I have complete confidence in the succession planning process. We have also a great leadership team in place. And I really look forward to welcoming the new CEO. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I was hoping, if you kind of go back before the luon shortage, there was a lot of discussion about ways to improve inventory flow and product mix, maybe localizing it more for markets in the back half of this year. Can you give us an update on kind of where you are with cross-channel visibility, some of the systems and the processes you're rolling out in the back half of this year that could better optimize sales? 
Christine Day: Yes. We -- the first step in that was changing the timing from a 3-season to a 4-season calendar, so we got more of the seasonal lines right. The next step is that we're now designing lines going forward, starting with spring of next year, that optimize hot markets and colder markets, as well as temperate climates. So that we can really address product at the right time and the right place. And so e-Commerce will have a fuller line. And then each store would have seasonally appropriate. And what will that will mean, for instance, is some of the things that we've learned this year, which showed up in the numbers, is if the line drops long pants in February, it's perfect for the colder climates but it's not perfect for Florida and LA. So by next February, what you'll see us doing is there'll be an actually timed release of product that's appropriate for the market. So we'll start lighter colors sooner in the south and hot climates. We'll start the transition to crops sooner in those markets, so we've built the capacity to design the lines for those specific drops and the systems that will allow us to flow and do store-level planning. And then we'll move into more of a localized, even a more localized buy strategy, as we move forward and a much more fuller integration of e-Commerce and stores. Some of the -- one guest experience system that we're putting together will allow a guest to order from the store and ship it to the store or their home. So we are moving to a one-inventory condition. But that will -- that's still a little further out. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adrienne Tennant with Janney. 
Adrienne Tennant: First, Christine, thanks for all your hard work building the company over the past 5 years. Can you talk about the regions of growth outside the U.S. and Canada, specifically Northern Europe and Asia, as well as Australia? And what we should expect as far as sort of prepping the environment in those regions and how long before we were to see lulu move to opening stores? 
Christine Day: Okay. Well, we're very excited about very -- saw very strong opening with our Singapore showroom that we recently did and very excited about the licenses that we just received in China, which allows us to move forward with our showroom strategy there. We've seen very strong demand particularly in the Shanghai market for the product, and this allows us to go there. We're not as far along in securing a store site in Hong Kong as I'd like to be. It's proving a little more difficult to get the size and location of store than we had hoped. On the flip side, you're seeing us open more showrooms in London, and we're actively looking for our first sites in that marketplace. We've opened showrooms in Germany as well. So we feel very strongly about how those markets are performing. Our e-Commerce business is growing very nicely in those markets as well. So we're seeing the crossover effect from showrooms and strategic sales building into online sales, which is a key indicator of our ability to grow demand. So I would say that we're on track. And you'll see stores in the London market next year and that we're proceeding with building out as quickly as we can. Hong Kong, that's real estate dependent. But we will definitely be seeding more aggressively in Asia for showrooms. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to follow up on the gross margin commentaries. It sounds like some of the issues will linger over the next few quarters. And I was hoping that you could quantify how much of this is the spring styles that you'll need to clear and how much is ongoing supply chain costs that we should build into our longer-term targets? 
John Currie: Let's start with the longer-term supply chain costs. As I mentioned, we're investing in the quality teams for testing, both internal headcount and additional third-party testing. And we're building a raw material teams out. And through the balance of this year, that's going to amount to about $4.5 million with a similar run rate beyond that. Other factors, as I said, inventory is a little bit high relative to our desired number of forward weeks, which is similar to where we ended the year. And I talked about that in the last call. So we did some clearance of winter product in the spring season, which -- the timing worked out okay because it gave us an opportunity to put winter markdown product back in the stores and give the guest a reason to keep coming back even with the luon missing. But even with that, as I said, some of the spring styles didn't hit our plan. Some of the buy was to deep in some new styles. And so again, that's reflected in the gross margin guidance for the balance of the year. It's going to result in our product being marked down sort of closer to 15% versus our run rate that's been 10% to 12%. So it's not an enormous difference but it's a little bit chunkier coming into Q2. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, I'm wondering if you can help us think about how to forecast inventory through the rest of the year. And as you reflect on the last couple of years at lulu, is this -- you talked about some misses in the spring product and product -- in styles that you'll need to save for the outlets. Is this a reflection of just some issues in execution this spring? Or is this something that you see on a normal seasonal basis? 
John Currie: No, I think it's a reflection on -- in -- some imperfections both in the buy and some of the design for the spring product, which really goes back 9 months earlier when it was placed. We do feel a lot better about the product coming in for the balance of the year. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I would just add some color to that. What we really saw was the color blocking. We did it in -- cross too many styles and didn't offer enough basic neutrals that went with that. So we were a little off formula with the buy, particularly in the earlier part of spring. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Sam Poser with Sterne Agee. 
Sam Poser: I just have 2 things. Number one, when will the Groove -- the Groove and the Astro Pants are in the stores. When did the crop show back up? And two, where -- what are you looking for in a -- in your successor? And how involved are you going to be in that process? 
Christine Day: The Wunder Under crops, we just received some of the very first deliveries into the warehouse and started some QA. We're doing a lot more quality checks in the process. So we're just completing the quality assurance in that, so we do expect to have them start shipping out to the stores in the next week or so. And really, a CEO succession is led by the board. So that is the right place for it to be, and our board is very qualified to manage that process. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Christine, best of luck to you. Want to better understand -- the original expectation for black luon, I believe, was $57 million to $67 million in the sales shortage and $12 million to $17 million first quarter. Was that less in terms of EPS impact? Was it more $0.09 than the $0.11 to $0.13? And are you still looking for an overall $0.25 to $0.27 impact? 
John Currie: Okay. So Q1 -- and again, it's not sort of a GAAP definition but estimate the impact in Q1 was about $0.12 a share. In terms of the overall -- I think this is part of your question, the overall revenue shortfall that we talked about last quarter was at the high end, that's $67 million, with our ability to get some luon product back in earlier. As I said, it's trickling in slowly, but we think that the impact will be about $15 million better than that original estimate, and that will be primarily a Q2 benefit. Again, just extrapolating our own modeling of the impact overall on the year, it's about $0.21 a share. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bob Drbul with Barclays. 
Ronbert Drbul: Christine, I just have one quick question for you, which is, do you know what you want to do next in terms of your game plan in your career? 
Christine Day: Well, first of all, I'm here for a while and I will be showing up work on Monday, business as usual. So I'm not distracting myself with anything else at the moment. My focus is really on ensuring a smooth transition and delivering a strong back half of the year for right now. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Christine, I wanted to thank you for all your leadership and congratulate you on building such a great brand. Just a couple of questions. John, it sounds like the markdowns on the -- some of the markdowns are higher than expected. And my question is, will they all be cleared here in the second quarter? Is that assumed in your guidance? And secondly, Christine, does the search for the -- for a new CEO preclude the appointment of a Chief Merchant? I don't think you call that person a Chief Merchant but as a Chief Product Manager or whatever the title is. Does one -- the CEO position have to be filled before you bring in the product person? 
Christine Day: No. So let's start with the second one and then let John go. We are still proceeding and have a very strong list of candidates for what we're -- remember, we split the role into 2, so an SVP kind of Product Operations. We're also adding the SVP of Logistics. And then, we're calling it the Executive Vice President of Design and Merchandising. It's the position that you're referring to, and all 3 searches are proceeding. 
John Currie: And to answer your first question, I mean, I wouldn't say we'd be completely back to our ideal inventory level by the end of Q2. That's a little bit too quick. But by -- certainly by Q3, we'll clear the -- again, this isn't a huge backlog, and we have the outlets to handle it. And I think we'll be back in a balanced inventory position by Q3. 
Christine Day: And we really expect to see, especially as we get back into back -- black pants, because there's definitely a ratio between plants and tops. And the more pants we have, the more tops we sell. And so some of this was in that tops inventory, and we do expect that to balance out. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse. 
Christian Buss: Yes. I was wondering if you could provide some perspective on how you're going to engage with your customers now that you have the pants back in stock? And what you're going to do to make sure they understand that these kind of quality issues won't happen again? 
Christine Day: I think there is a full back-in-black strategy that we'll be executing. And as I said earlier in the call, there's a soft launch until we are fully back in stock. And then, there is a complete guest education, including new style and fit guides that are online. And there's also a guest feedback forum. There's videos online. There's an online monitor site called Ask For It [ph]. So if you do go to our website, you will actually see already today far more support in education for the customer, and we'll begin more unique lululemon outreach in the middle of July. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Betty Chen with Wedbush Securities. 
Betty Chen: I was wondering, John, if you can talk a little bit about SG&A. I know you mentioned that we should expect that to delever in Q2 as well as the back half, partly for some of the investments you're making in supply chain. Is there any way you can help us quantify some of those buckets, so we can figure out how much of that would be ongoing into next year? And then, could you talk about any comp performances between Canada, U.S. and Australia? 
John Currie: Okay. Maybe I'll start with the second one first. And again, it's a strange quarter to read much into comps because of the luon dip. But as we've seen in recent quarters, the U.S. continues to be early in its brand awareness. And so the comp is strong there. The comp in Canada was sort of mid-single-digit negatives, it's trending a little bit better than that, of course, if the luon had been there, and a little bit better than we saw in Q4 of last year. But -- and it was somewhat negative. And then on -- Australia's comping in the teens, again, earlier in the brand awareness and continuing to ramp up towards the higher comp base average. Investments in SG&A, I mean, I talked about the pieces that actually end up in cost of sales, which is where we're investing a lot of the new dollars in terms of testing and quality. Beyond that, it's really the same things we've talked about in the past. We have a very heavy IT roadmap. We've implemented significant systems in 2012, and we have several going live this year. The run rate of operating those 2012 systems, coupled with the spend this year, is probably the biggest, single area. And then as I've said in the past, we continue to not just roll out the showrooms internationally, but we're building the teams to run Asia and to run Europe. We spend significant amount of time onboarding those people. And so those expenditures are happening this year. And, I've said this in the past, it's probably high-single-digit millions invested and just based on the international plan this year. So I mean, those are a couple of the biggest buckets. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Lejuez with Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: I'm just curious in terms of the comp performance that you saw during the quarter. How much did the luon issue hurt you guys in the U.S. versus Canada? And I guess I'm wondering, was it a conversion issue? Or did you actually see decline in traffic because of the publicity around the luon issue? And then, I guess, second piece of that is why in the second quarter, as you're getting back into these styles, do you forecast a lower comp than you saw in the first quarter? 
John Currie: Okay. And remember, in the first quarter, we had full stock of luon for the first 6 weeks. And so you have to keep that in mind when you're comparing to Q2, where it's slowly trickling in, in the second half. Sorry, I'm trying to think the earlier part of the question. 
Christine Day: Traffic. Well, it varied by channel, which was e-Commerce, we saw a lot of traffic, people looking and double-back and checking. 
John Currie: Yes, I think it's curiosity traffic. 
Christine Day: Yes. So -- and -- so we saw a lot of unproductive traffic. And then we definitely saw in the stores traffic held relatively whole with a couple of exceptions, and it was really on conversion. And then because we had more markdowns, there was a decrease in AUR as well. 
John Currie: Yes. And a slightly, slightly lower spend per basket, again, perhaps in part because the luon pants were not part of the basket. 
Christine Day: Yes. And we definitely see more impact to -- you're also asking about U.S., Canada. We saw more impact to Canada, because they are definitely more of a luon customer. And in the States, because they already had a broader base and tend to like the luxtreme fabric in the running pants, we saw more transition to those bottoms until we ran out of stock than we did in Canada. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jennifer Black with Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: Okay. I wondered if you can talk about jackets as a category. Will you be offering a more diverse offering, including longer length? 
Christine Day: We will, and I actually was going to go there. We definitely had too many short jackets and not enough long. We just recently dropped long jackets, and we saw them moving very quickly. So you will see a broader assortment, including long jackets all the time going forward. 
Jennifer Black: And are you going to bring back some of the reversible jackets and your other iconic pieces? 
Christine Day: We haven't actually focused on the reversible. But I will bring that back to the team. And yes to the iconic pieces, plus we've had some new designers in. And there's a really great lineup of jackets coming, particularly for the fall that I think you'll be very happy with. And lots of black, Jennifer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask what, if anything, you were able to kind of learn from your guest, from your customer in the period where you didn't have the iconic black lululemon "yoga pants." That's been such a huge success. In your conversations with your customers, what did you learn about the brand and how they perceive it? And how tied the brand is or isn't to that iconic pant? And then I'd also just wonder if, Christine, you're going to -- you plan to stay on as a member of the board. 
Christine Day: No to the second one. I won't stay on, on the board. So what we learned, with a lot of very interesting things, was what they love about luon, what they love about our pants. And I think even for us, frankly, internally, communicating that it was more than just about coverage and it really is about how everything works together from compression, fit, style, that there really is no comparison. And the guests really learned how hard this fabric is to make. And when they tried other pants, we got a lot of feedback that they were not comparable. So I think, even though we maybe saw some substitution occurring, I think the bounce-back in loyalty and comments was really clear. And so we know that our sweet spot is all of those things together and how they make the woman look and feel when she's wearing the pants. And that's what we're committed to delivering with high quality. And I think that we have to keep earning that guest's trust by being very, very stringent about quality. But they also know we stand for it, and we got a lot of positive feedback about hitting our own stop button and not letting quality deteriorate and very positive that we did that. So we absolutely know that quality and fit, as well as feel, compression, function, are absolutely essential to what lululemon stands for. And that's what we plan on continuing to deliver to our guests. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Can you maybe, in just very general terms, tell us what the difference is between the kind of the new luon that's coming in now versus the luon you had to pull off the shelves? I know you said it's kind of consistent with the historical luon. But what exactly has changed? 
Christine Day: I think there's quite a few things that we learned in this whole process. And I think number one was, if there were 10 technical specs, we were probably controlling 4. And so we had to become our own expert in depth in all of the technical specs, not just relying on our factory partners for some of them. We also, as we grew, had not managed grading, for instance, at every single factory from one master pattern. And with our tolerances, we -- as we really dug deep and did a lot of investigation, found that a size 2 sewn to the edge of a -- large end of the tolerance in one factory was too close to a 4 sewn to the small tolerance in another factory. So we brought in a master pattern grader, and we sent -- every single factory has all the same patterns now. And we also reduced our tolerances from 1 inch to 0.5 inch, which takes more to sew, which is part of the reason why it took us a little longer to get back in stock because the factories had to sew to a new technical level. And that's just some examples. We also added more tests and quality control tests, that John spoke to. We've added a lot more testing to the raw material stage to make sure that we're getting exactly the product. And we now do more weight test and take anything out of pants that would be at the low end and put them more into tops or looser styles. So really reinvented our whole quality control process end to end to make sure that we were delivering a great pant, plus we do a lot more on-site inspections when they arrive here, just to make extra sure. 
Operator: Our next question will come from John Morris with BMO Capital. 
John Morris: Christine, my thanks for all your contributions as well and wish you the best. John, with respect to the inventory and kind of the planning as you go forward to Q3, did -- have you guys gone ahead and pulled forward product? And I'm just wondering if that had affected some of the planning that we're talking about for Q3. And then my second question is just so we have a sense of timing on progress of the search, when was the search committee formed for the new CEO candidate? 
John Currie: And I'll just quickly answer your first one. Yes, I mean, we have taken efforts to pull product forward, and so that's part of what you're seeing. And it creates some of the airfreight and other stress on the second half of the year. 
Christine Day: I notified the board on Friday of my decision. And the search committee was already formed over the weekend, and they're activating the succession plan that we have in place. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Zolidis with The Buckingham Research. 
John Zolidis: Could you give us the Men's comp and tell us how that did in the U.S. and in Canada? 
John Currie: Okay, pretty granular. Men's business is getting some traction. It was still about 12.5% of the overall mix for the quarter. I can't remember the exact comp on Men's and certainly can't remember the split between countries. But in general, Men's was comping higher than the rest of the business. 
Christine Day: Particularly in the last few weeks of the quarter and into the... 
John Currie: Yes, at the end of the quarter and coming into this quarter, we're seeing real strength showing up in Men's. 
Christine Day: Yes, when we dropped the new color, and we're very excited about the line that's in the store. And Men's has been beating plan for the last few weeks. So we're very excited, and it seems our guest is very excited, which is even more important. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn with Macquarie. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Let me just add to what everyone else has said. Christine, it's been a real just pleasure to watch you grow and evolve this company. So best of luck. I know you'll be around for a while, but I just wanted to get that out. Can you tell me whether or not the lack of luon sort of exacerbated some of these issues you've had with some of the colors and whether that was part of the problem? And then just as a follow-up to another person's question, do you think that any of this has had any long-term impact on brand perception with your core customer base? 
Christine Day: We're definitely not hearing that from our core customer base. I think, actually, it reinforced why they love our pants so much. And we're definitely hearing that there. There is definitely a relationship between bottoms and tops. And so if somebody comes in looking for the bottoms, and we didn't have the black luon -- and there's a definitely relationship between black and color. So we had an awful lot of bright colors, starting earlier this year in January and moving through Q2. So when there's not a neutral color like black to break up the color, it gets color on color, which was a trend for the season, but we were probably overdoing it with having no black. And we had less neutrals in the line. So that meant the colors -- our learning in that was the colors didn't sell through at the same rate. And we've made those adjustments and tweaks for the back half of the year. And we're already definitely seeing a pickup with black being back in the stores. And we've had to take a little bit of black out of tops in order to -- luon, in particular, to move it into bottoms. And that will start to rebalance in Q3. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Huei Suen Ng with CLSA. 
Huei Suen Ng: I'm just wondering how happy you are with the product mix right now, fashion versus basics, and also between the yoga versus other styles, run and cycle. And also, just quickly, any color on the productivity for international showrooms versus U.S. would be great. 
Christine Day: We're definitely fuller on actually basics. So it's very much a more athletic technical line with lots of color at the moment. So it's actually very low-risk inventory. And what you'll see us shift to in the back half of the year, particularly for the back-to-school and then holiday season, is a little bit more of those specialty jackets that we're known for, a little bit more of the cotton and a broader line with more fashion details in it. 
John Currie: And just on the international showrooms, as we said in the past, the 2 Hong Kong showrooms performed very strong. That's why we're already working hard to find a full store location. We're also really pleased with the early performance of the Singapore showroom. And then, in Europe, where we opened 2 new showrooms in London and actually 1 in Berlin after the end of the quarter, so it's really too new to talk about. Again, consistent with how we've been doing with the earlier showroom in London, in general, better than the U.S. showrooms, even though it's very early in the brand awareness there. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark [indiscernible]. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Blair Pierson [ph] for Mark [ph]. Real quick on the management transition, Christine, the press release mentioned looking for a CEO to drive the next phase of growth. Could you maybe hit on what you and the board are thinking of as far as the top key competencies that you'd be looking for someone to come in with? 
Christine Day: Yes, I think that's really for the board to say. But definitely, somebody who's managed in a high-growth, global and definitely a product background would be some, I think, the key attributes. And, obviously, somebody who will manage well within the lululemon culture and value set that we've established and ready to grow a premium brand. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wilson, Tiburon Research. 
Rob Wilson: John, you said there's a $17.5 million charge to inventory. Could you help us break that out between the stores and the direct-to-customer channels? 
John Currie: Well, we really keep one pool of inventory, even though -- yes, I mean, we sort of buy for e-Commerce like one big store. But I think maybe to answer your question, e-Commerce is roughly 16% of our revenue, and the impact on e-Commerce is proportionate to that ratio. 
Operator: And our final question will come from Faye Landes with Cowen. 
Faye Landes: I was just trying to figure out -- and first of all, Christine, I'm quite sorry to know that you won't be here -- much longer here at lulu but -- I'm sort of stunned. But I was hoping -- you talked about products that didn't work, did work. I'm trying to figure this out because it's very -- the comments are kind of piecemeal. And I -- are there things that were -- everything you listed was things that worked worse than expected. Were there -- can you talk about things that worked better than expected overall with the whole -- x luon with the whole situation, were results better or worse than expected? Were there standouts in either direction because we heard quite a few things that didn't work, that needed tweaking going forward. 
Christine Day: Yes. We did talk about some things that did work, too, Faye. Like the swimsuit capsule was very, very successful. The golf and tennis capsule was very, very successful. So those were the good new things. As well as we saw more conversion to color in bottoms than we really did anticipate in the original projections we gave for luon. And particularly in the U.S., more substitution for the black tuxedo, swift and other fabrics that are in our running bottoms. So that -- and which is mainly the luxtreme. So until we started to run out of that inventory, we definitely saw conversion in switch, which gave us some upside. And we definitely saw strong sell-through of color. We just had a lot of colors and fewer neutrals. So I think we could have done better had we had more neutrals in the tops. And then we put color blocking in too many things. But we saw strong momentum in the basics of the business. Both yoga and the run category, in particular, did very well. 
Operator: And at this time, that concludes our time for questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Christine Day for any additional or closing remarks. 
Christine Day: Well, thank you, everyone. And I particularly want to say thank you for all of your graciousness in supporting lululemon and me during my journey here as a CEO. It's been a pleasure to work with all of you. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, presenters. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may log off at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-03-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Q4 2012 Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Joe Teklits of ICR. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Teklits: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 conference call. Today, a copy of today's press release is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available on our website as a replay for 30 days.
 Hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. Sheree Waterson, our Chief Product Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.
 As a reminder, the statements contained on this call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.
 [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call over to Christine Day. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Joe. Good morning. I'm joining you from Australia today, where it's actually just after midnight. Our board meeting was held here this quarter, and we have just finished a few days of meetings with our board and our team here in Australia.
 Before we talk about our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results, I will give you an update to the announcement made on Monday of this week regarding the sheerness in certain styles of our Women's black luon bottoms. Following my comments, John will speak to our guidance.
 We have not yet determined the specific cause for the sheerness and are pursuing several hypotheses in parallel with our manufacturing partners to determine the root cause. What is clear to us is that this is not the luon that we and our guests have come to love. The process for creating luon is complex and involves a specific set of proprietary ingredients and a multistep production process.
 Even the slightest changes to the process can create meaningful changes in the fabric. We had already begun putting more stringent specifications in place on the production of luon, and we will be redoubling our efforts in this area. We currently have a dedicated team working with our suppliers to identify and resolve the issue.
 We have recently added strong leadership in quality control, our liaison office and our commercialization and development teams. I expect these people and other investments to solidify our quality consistency and delivery capabilities.
 Our company is rooted in integrity, and we are ready to make the tough decisions and do the right things for our guests and our communities. I am confident that we will recover from the set back and be stronger than ever.
 Our confidence is based on the history of strong performance that the team here has produced, including what we achieved during the past year. In 2012, we once again had strong revenue growth in all of our markets and profit growth to match.
 This time last year, we were celebrating hitting the $1 billion sales milestone. And in 2012, we were able to grow by an additional $370 million. This growth gave us the leverage to invest in international expansion and implementing a broad range of foundational systems to support our further expansion.
 Our new financial system was implemented at year-end, and we are looking forward to the improvements that our PLM and advanced product allocation Phase 1 implementations will create for managing the flow of our product.
 I would also like to point out that our e-Commerce revenue grew by a 85.5% in 2012 to $197.3 million or 14.4% of sales. e-Commerce will be a valuable tool as we expand our brand's presence around the world, and it gives us an exciting opportunity to charter new ground in retail with an integrated footprint to meet the future in ways in which guests shop.
 We achieved these results in a very brand appropriate way and did not buy our comps through discounting, which ultimately would have harmed the brand. We maintained a full priced strategy up to the holidays and used our traditional warehouse sales as an effective and lower risk way to clear our inventory. We are already following the learnings on price sensitivity and assortment preferences from the holiday season into this year.
 It is fitting that I'm joining you from one of our international locations, given our increased focus on growing globally for the coming year. This year, we will expand our foothold in 2 key markets, London and Hong Kong, while establishing local community connections and introducing our beautiful product to guests in a variety of markets in Europe and Asia through strategic sales, showrooms and e-Commerce.
 But of course, our primary growth over the next few years will still come from same-store sales increases and expansion in North America. We are being very intentional and methodical regarding how we will operate globally to maximize both our current business in North America while growing internationally. We hosted our first ever Asia yoga tour in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Singapore during the first 2 weeks of this month. And it was our first large community event in Asia, with a series of complementary yoga classes and workshops with 6 of our ambassadors from North America and Hong Kong. The community classes were held in some cool locations, including local radio stations, art galleries and even an amazing rooftop bar that overlook Marina Bay in Singapore. We are getting great receptions to these events, and the team shared that we blew the doors off in Shanghai and had to turn people away.
 Now turning to product. We will explore new categories once again this year to fewer but expanded capsules to build our future product pipeline. While immaterial to current revenue and earnings on their own, they do drive traffic and create demand and are key to maintaining our leadership in innovation. You will see a return of the swim and cycling commute spin capsules as we refine those product lines. And this year, we are going to do golf and tennis lululemon style. These capsules are focused and intentional, and we're excited about what we've seen so far with the combination of function and beauty in key pieces that transition perfectly from high sweat to street.
 Women's tennis builds on what we already do well with mid-support bras, tanks and skirts now engineered for tennis, solving for unrestricted arm movement and lateral movement in bottoms. They are also cross functional for run and other high-impact sports. For Women's golf, the approach is technical street, with pieces that transition from sweat to street. Innovation -- innovative construction methods like bonding and laser cutting are also elements we played with in this collection.
 For Men's, we are excited to be introducing our largest polo offering to date in response to feedback from our guests, especially around Father's Day. These tops will be handsome yet functional for tennis and golf. Our polos will come in both athletic fit, providing enough room in the body to accommodate swings during a match, as well as slim fit for guys looking for something more modern and progressive.
 Sticking with this theme for a moment. We continue to see opportunity in Men's and have recently enhanced that team with the addition of Felix del Toro as our new Senior Vice President and GM of Men's. He comes to us with over 22 years of merchandising and design experience with Warnaco and Gap Inc. and adds to the creative talent we have in place.
 We are also generating some really innovative ideas in our brand team, driving under the leadership of Laura Klauberg, who joined us last spring. Coming soon is an app that will support our guest yoga practice, will help you find a yoga class wherever you happen to be and to select according to your favorite teacher or style of yoga. This is a perfect example of how we are supporting our ambassador community and helping to build their businesses.
 Early reports from the testing phase are that they are thrilled with this application that will be launched in April. We also have exciting plans to enhance our social media platform with a more interactive blog focused on product education, and you will see us do more crowd, or in our case, guests, sourcing of content like the cool razorback series we did in February.
 We are looking forward to hosting our second SeaWheeze Half Marathon in beautiful Vancouver. Allison Forsyth, our organizer of our first ever SeaWheeze Half Marathon last year, had set a goal to sell the race out in a month. 7,400 people signed up for last year's race in 8 months. And this year, we increased the number of participants to 10,000 and sold out in less than 30 days.
 We look forward to hosting the 10,000 runners who are joining us on August 10. And with that recap of the quarter, I will now turn it over to John to give you some more detail on the financials for the quarter and our guidance for 2013. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter of 2012, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the first quarter and full year of fiscal 2013.
 For the fourth quarter, total net revenue rose 30.7% to $485.5 million from $371.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase in revenue was driven by: comparable store sales growth of 10% on a constant dollar basis, bringing our average store productivity at the end of the year to $2,058 per square-foot; the addition of 37 net new corporate owned stores since Q4 of 2007, 27 new stores in the United States, 1 store in Canada, 5 stores in Australia, 1 store in New Zealand and 3 ivivva stores; direct to consumer sales, which increased by 48% or $24 million. If we included e-Commerce as a store in our comp calculations, our comps would be reported as 16% on a constant dollar basis;
 a stronger Canadian and Australian dollar; and the effective increase in reported revenues by $5 million or 1%. And finally, the additional 53rd week of fiscal 2012 contributed $26.2 million in total sales, which included $4.2 million in e-Commerce revenue and $2.3 million from a warehouse sale.
 During the quarter, we opened 8 corporate owned lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 1 in Australia. We ended the quarter with 211 total stores versus 174 a year ago. There are 169 stores in our comp base, 42 of those in Canada, 103 in the U.S. and 19 in Australia and 5 ivivva.
 Corporate owned stores represented 77.9% of total revenue or $378 million versus $78.7 million (sic) [78.7%] or $292.6 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $78.3 million or 16.1% of total revenue versus $50.1 million or 13.5% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of last year.
 Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $29.2 million or 6% of revenue for the fourth quarter versus $28.9 million or 7.8% of revenue in the fourth quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $274.5 million or 56.5% of net revenue compared to $209 million or 56.3% of net revenue in Q4 2011. The factors which contributed to this 20 basis point increase in gross margin are product margin improvement of 10 basis points attributable to product mix and lower air freight rates and usage, offset by slightly higher markdowns compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 and fixed cost leverage of 10 basis points made up of 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation, offset by 30 basis points of deleverage in product and supply chain team costs.
 SG&A expenses were $121.9 million or 25.1% of net revenue compared with $93 million or 25.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 31.1% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets, as well as increases at existing locations due to higher sales volumes; increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business due to the significant year-over-year revenue growth, along with investment in key e-Commerce support functions, such as our development, demand creation and creative teams; increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees, management incentive and stock-based compensation associated with the growth of our business; additional expenses incurred during our 53rd week; and finally, the higher Canadian and Australian dollar, which increased the SG&A by $1 million or 0.8%. As a result, the operating income for the fourth quarter was $152.6 million or 31.4% of net revenue compared with $116.1 million or 31.2% of net revenue in 2011.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $44.7 million or a tax rate of 29.0% compared to $42.6 million or a tax rate of 36.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011. A lower effective tax rate reflects the ongoing impact of revised intercompany pricing agreements.
 Net income for the quarter was $109.4 million or $0.75 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $73.5 million or $0.51 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2011. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.8 million versus 145.3 million a year ago.
 Capital expenditures were $21.2 million for the quarter compared to $16 million in the fourth quarter last year, with the increase associated with new stores, renovations, IT and head office capital.
 Turning to the highlights of our full fiscal year 2012 performance. Net revenue rose 36.9% to $1.37 billion from $1 billion in fiscal 2011. Our annual comp was 16% on a constant dollar basis, and if we included e-Commerce, our annual comp would have been 24%, which excludes the 53rd week.
 Gross profit was $762.8 million or 55.7% of net revenue compared to $569.4 million or 56.9% of net revenue in fiscal 2011. Net income for the year was $270.6 million or $1.85 per diluted share compared to $184.1 million or $1.27 per diluted share for fiscal 2011.
 Looking at our balance sheet highlights, we ended the year with $590.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $180.7 million over fiscal 2012 year end. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $155.2 million or 49.1% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase is due to higher levels of spring seasonal product receipts and a higher mix of winter carryover product as we entered 2012 with a lighter carryover position due to the strong holiday sales in 2011.
 This now leads me to our outlook for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2013. Let me start by quantifying the estimated impact of the black luon issue reflected within this guidance. The impact falls into 3 buckets: firstly, lost revenue as a result of shortages of the impacted styles; secondly, higher cost of sales, resulting from the write-off of faulty products and additional costs likely to be incurred including air freight, additional handling, testing and other supply chain costs, offset with some duty recoveries; and lastly, higher SG&A due to additional costs likely to be incurred in managing through this situation.
 In estimating this impact, we think it prudent to take a conservative view as we are operating in real time to identify the full impact of this issue and do not have perfect information. Therefore, we have assumed that all affected products that has been pulled from our stores, as well as inventory of the same styles in our DCs and in transit, is unsalable and must be written off without offset by any potential recovery. We have also assumed that product which is still in the factories or under production for the summer season is similarly impacted and therefore, must be written off without offset by any potential recovery.
 Although testing is underway, at this time, we believe this to be a likely scenario. So in this basis, we're currently estimating lost revenue of $12 million to $17 million in the first quarter and additional lost revenue of $45 million to $50 million for the balance of the year, primarily in the second quarter, spread over new and existing stores and e-Commerce.
 This assumption is based solely on the lost black luon sales that would have been assumed based on available product for sale. It has not, for example, take into account sales that could possibly transfer to other products but also does not take into account lost add-on sales that often accompany the purchase of black luon pants. Next, we're estimating additional cost of goods sold of $17 million in the first quarter.
 Even though some of the affected product is slated for delivery over the balance of the year, the reserve for the full write-down of the product will be taken in the first quarter and thus, the full cost of this product is brought to cost of goods sold in Q1 with no related sales. This reserve is therefore estimated to impact Q1 gross margin by 500 basis points.
 And finally, we estimate additional SG&A of $1 million to $2 million incurred over the first and second quarters. The estimated impact on diluted EPS is $0.11 to $0.12 in the first quarter and $0.25 to $0.27 for the full fiscal year '13.
 So now the resulting outlook for the first quarter of 2013. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.98 to the U.S. dollar and 8 new store openings: 6 in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 1 in Australia. We currently anticipate revenue in the range of $333 million to $343 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase between 5% and 8% on a constant dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2011 -- sorry, 2012.
 As we had indicated in our press release earlier in the week, our comp through the first 6 weeks of the quarter was 11% and our guidance would have been $350 million to $355 million for the first quarter, assuming a low double-digits comp.
 We had anticipated gross margin would have a similar profile to the first quarter of 2012 in the 55% range. But with the impact of the luon issue outlined above, we now expect gross margin to be approximately 48% to 49%.
 We expect modest SG&A deleverage as a percentage of revenue compared with the first quarter of 2012, which is driven primarily from the run rate of key investments made in 2012, new strategic initiatives in 2013, our continued focus on international and incremental expenses outlined above associated with luon production.
 Our SG&A also reflects preopening costs related to the 8 stores planned to be open in Q1 and additional stores planned to open in early Q2 of 2013.
 Assuming a tax rate of 30% and 146 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.30 per share. For the full fiscal year 2013, we are targeting to open up to 43 corporate owned stores, including our Australian stores and ivivva locations. We also plan on opening 10 to 15 showrooms in international markets and are actively searching for a site for our first store in Hong Kong. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $1.615 billion to $1.64 billion.
 Fiscal 2013 will, of course, be back to a 52-week year. For the year, we expect gross margin to be approximately 53% to 54%, with lower gross margins in the first 2 quarters and a return to more normalized gross margins in the 55% range for the back half of the year.
 We expect some SG&A deleverage as a percent of revenue compared to 2012, as the leverage gained from our core North American business is offset by reinvestments into areas such as our supply chain, IT and international seating and branding and, of course, the luon production-related expenses in the first half.
 As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage from 2012 and our fiscal year diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.95 to $1.99. This is based on 146.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and it assumes our effective tax rate of 30%.
 We expect capital expenditures to be between $90 million and $95 million for fiscal 2013, reflecting new store buildouts, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital, including expansion of our existing office premises. 
 So with that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thanks, John. This has been a challenging time for all of us. Disappointing our guests and shareholders and falling short of our own expectations is not something we take lightly and we deeply regret. 
 With that, we will open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. 
Erika Maschmeyer: Just to go back to the recall issue. If you identified the issue today, when would you expect to receive shipments into your stores? And then, can you talk about the revenue impact that you're assuming in your guidance in Q2? And then also, any thoughts on diversifying your vendor base? 
John Currie: In terms of the revenue impact in Q2, the amount that I guided to for the balance of the year, the bulk of the impact of that is in Q2. I'd say roughly 85%, 90% of that. 
Christine Day: I think on the other one, we still have to find out exactly where the process broke down. And what I want to say is that it's a multistep process with multiple vendors involved. And we don't want to call attention to any one particular vendor because it would be unfair until we've completed the diagnostics, that -- or it's more complicated than it being just one individual or group. Regarding identifying or diversifying the supplier base, we have actually moved in that direction and we should have 2 additional sources up ready for manufacturing our key fabrics by the fall. 
Erika Maschmeyer: That's great. So do you think that by the end of Q2, you could have, potentially, shipments of fixed products coming into the stores? 
Christine Day: Right now, what we're still waiting for is we have a lot of product on the water and so it was a little complicated to get the samples from that product. And we won't receive those for a couple of days. So I think our first step is to see what to correct or what we can use in that. And then -- and meanwhile, we're working with our suppliers to do some additional testing of any old stock that we have to see what we could do to flow in. And we won't have those answers probably for the next week or so. 
Erika Maschmeyer: That makes sense. And then on golf and tennis. Could you talk about how you expect to get the word out? Any -- I'm sure you have something creative in mind, but just your overall thoughts on PR and any type of sponsorships or events? 
Christine Day: I'm sorry for... 
Erika Maschmeyer: For golf and tennis. 
Christine Day: Oh, for golf and tennis. We actually have some social media campaigns ready to go with that and letting the guest out and doing some additional reach. We've also been working with our elite ambassador community. We had several of those on our Maui retreat that we did earlier this year. So we've already been infiltrating, I could say, those communities in fun and unique ways so that everybody will know that they are out there. And they are small capsules. So as I said, they're not going to be truly incremental. They are just driving a lot more energy into the store. And they're not made of luon, so we're good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Tennant of Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: I wanted to know if you can tell whether the quality issue is isolated to luon? As you do these vendor checks, is there any other chatter that you've heard from the websites and blogs on any other particular product? And then just in terms of dealing with sort of -- I've looked at a lot of the blogs and the website reviews and the chatter seems to be taking on a very negative tone, particularly when people are returning stores -- returning products back to the stores. I'm wondering how you're dealing with training the store ambassadors to handle this in the best manner? 
Christine Day: Yes. We have put all of our educators on high alert. And making it really seamlessly easy for the guests as well as our GECs. So communication and training calls with every store manager have already occurred to make it seamless for the guests to return the product that we believe is affected. And for right now, we primarily see this as an issue with luon. There are a couple of other fabrics that occasionally will have issues, but that's fairly minor and nothing that we see as significant as what we've seen in the luon. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Switching topics to the international expansion opportunities. I was hoping you could give us an idea of what types of investments you'll need to make over the next couple of years to get the infrastructure ready to open stores? And then also maybe a timeline of when you'd expect to be opening stores abroad? 
Christine Day: I'm sorry, you cut out a little bit just before the last part. So you said investment in infrastructure, and then you blanked out and said, stores abroad. So sorry, we didn't hear that. 
Lorraine Maikis: Sorry, maybe just a timeline of when you'd expect to start opening more stores abroad? 
Christine Day: Okay, so mainly, we have a couple of different levels of investment. One is the significant investment that's already occurring in our legacy systems, preparing them for a more complex environment of multichannel and international. And we've -- that's already been baked into our capital investments that we've laid out. In terms of directly in markets, there's 8 or 9 markets where we're doing what we call pre-seeding, where we participate in events such as I described on the call, in Shanghai. Those are pretty low costs measures, where we're really doing community work. And then we are getting those ready for showrooms. So that's pretty non-capital-intensive. Then there's markets which we've already identified, such as Hong Kong and London, where we are engaged more at that showroom level. Again, those aren't a lot of capital and it's more just some small headcount expense, and it's pretty revenue expense-neutral once they're up and running for at least 6 months. So we've already built out the international e-Commerce site, which we've already preannounced. And we'll only be adding one additional international website this year, which will be in Shanghai. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Wedbush Securities. 
Betty Chen: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about some of the learnings you've gleaned from pricing last year? What have you heard from your customers and guests regarding sort of how they view the merchandise, not only from the core, but also some of the new capsules and new product extensions that you have been expanding into? 
Christine Day: Definitely, the #1 learning over the holiday, particularly in the Canadian market, was that those more $100 price point cottons was -- that they're used to having, particularly the scuba hoodie, and we usually have something called the cozy up and the cuddle up. And there's a variety of versions of that, that we offer, which we did not this year, significantly affected that holiday purchase in particular. And then we felt that we also got a little too aggressive in pricing our what the fluff? line. So we pulled that back to the same pricing it had been the year before. So this year, the holiday architecture will include more of those $100 price points and the kind of cotton layering pieces that, that guest is looking for. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I guess, Christine, it will be helpful if you could maybe walk through the quality control process so we can understand how the product made it to the stores. And then, secondarily, I'm assuming the guidance for the full year doesn't have any kind of pent-up demand in the second half of the year, if you could confirm that. And then how are you planning on communicate with your guests -- communicating with your guests kind of the return of the black luon and kind of getting people back in the stores that might be disappointed in the next several months? 
Christine Day: I think just like the still pants, as soon as we get something up there, they'll eagerly know. And of course, we'll communicate through our product notification system and our other social media channels as soon as we have other product back in stock. For the quality control, there are -- we've had a very standard metrics-based system for the luon for a very long time that controls it within the environment of the manufacturer. There are a couple of gaps that we found in that, particularly in the overfeed process, which creates the fluff, that are harder to measure and really are more subjective. And that's certainly one area that we feel that we can do a better job of controlling. And then the environment after it leaves, we have to do a better job of controlling or creating standards for that process, as we're shipping to more locations to manufacture it. And then I think the quality control around the lycra chip itself, if it's stale or not stale. So there's things that I feel that we didn't have as much standard controls in place that created some variables. And I think also, the transition with patterns. So more protocol. And we've hired a very seasoned head of QA, who just recently started with us. And she's already been of tremendous assistance during this process. And we're definitely looking to make some more significant hires, particularly in the raw materials area, going forward. 
John Currie: And Sharon, just to confirm. No, we did not assume a benefit of pent-up demand in the second half guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser of Sterne Agee. 
Sam Poser: Can you give us -- you gave us same-store sales guidance for the quarter. Can you give us some form of how you're looking at the full year same-store sales? Number one, I guess, is on share. 
John Currie: Yes, obviously, the second quarter is probably the most impacted in the guidance. Our expectations would be a very low single-digit comp, close to flat for Q2 as a result of the luon issue. The balance of the year, I'm not giving quarter-by-quarter guidance, but it comes out to roughly high single to low double digits. 
Sam Poser: And then, secondly, I guess the question is this. I understand that you don't understand the -- how this exactly happened. But I guess the question is, is how did it both get to where it was shipping without somebody trying on a pair of pants, like the first batch, to make sure that this wasn't an issue, I mean, and stopping it before it got so out of control? And then what is going to be, sort of, do you see as the incremental cost of adding the different people, the new QA and so on and so forth, to -- at the different factories and so on to ensure that something like this doesn't happen again? 
Christine Day: Well, that was already reflected when John mentioned some incremental cost in the SG&A. So we've already built that number in. And some of these were already planned hires, so we have people on site in every factory. The truth of the matter is the only way that you can actually test for the issue is to put the pants on and bend over. So just putting the pants on themselves doesn't solve the problem. So because it passed all of the basic metric tests and the hand feel is relatively the same, so it was very difficult for the factories to isolate the issue. And it wasn't until we got it in the store and started putting it on people that we could actually see the issue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger, Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: It sounds like quality is going to be priority #1 at lululemon. And I'm wondering if there are some permanent investments in gross margin that you think you need to make in order to make sure that your quality standards are strictly adhered to? And then, as you think about the -- this is sort of the second quality issue, I think, in 9 months. Is there some sort of an organizational effort to make sure that whenever there are quality issues that appear anywhere, either in the supply chain or at the stores, that there is a concerted effort to sort of raise those issues to senior management and make sure that their -- that behavior is really encouraged so that the issue can be identified early on and with the least impact to the guests? 
Christine Day: Absolutely. Project Canary, as we're referring to it. We have made significant investments last year. I mean, the issue we're referring to in the dye issue, where we brought the experts in, rewrote the whole process for dye, and working in partnership with our manufacturers solved the problem. And so we no longer have dye issues. And so we can very much say that with confidence. And I feel that we'll accomplish the same thing here with the fabrics once we identify exactly where in the chain the breakdown was and have long-term solutions for this. And we -- this big shift for us is making sure that we have people actually on site, in the mills and the other environments. And that's the infrastructure that we started investing in this year and will continue to do so this coming year. And we've had -- the whole organization is very devastated, obviously, by what happened. And so everybody understands the sense of urgency of making sure that we alert the small noise and symptoms that we see, the little canary chirps, getting those to us as quickly as possible so that we can deploy the resources to avoid anything like this again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Macquarie. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Just like a several kind of follow-up questions. It sounds like this is really related to inputs, not manufacturing, because it's multiple factories. But it sounds like it's more the inputs. Could you just confirm that? 
Christine Day: I wouldn't -- I don't think that I could say that at this point in time. That's one possibility. But because it's touched by so many people across the line that -- at different stages, this could have happened in any 1 of 4 stages. So that's what we're looking at right now. And so I don't think it's fair to say that it's inputs. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay. And then, I'm sorry, it was a little unclear to me. Are you opening a store or stores in U.K. and Hong Kong this year? 
Christine Day: We're opening -- our goal is to open a store in Hong Kong. We're evaluating several sites right now, but those usually take a little bit long to negotiate. But we're confident we'll have it some time within like a 12-month period. And then, London, the goal is to open additional showrooms this year and then move to stores the next year or so. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay. And then just, finally, one for John. Was the 500 basis points that you called out in the first quarter just related to the write-down? And what impact, if any, should we see from deleverage on the lower comp? I would assume that'd be mostly a Q2 impact. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, based on the magnitude of the revenue drop there, as a result of lower revenue on the luon issue, we do deleverage based on occupancy and depreciation, et cetera, primarily Q2. But there's some impact in Q1. The other thing, just to get a little more granular on the overall impact of -- on the gross margin. A lot of these are key styles and tend to be higher product margins. So the impact is a little bit larger than it would be if it was just more seasonal items. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: What's happening to all the excess luon? Is that a product that you could considerably sell to your outlets at a discounted price? 
Christine Day: Right now, we are holding all the products because there are actually might be some treatment solutions that we're investigating that actually could solve some of the problems. So until we get those test results back, we haven't made a decision at this point in time. 
Camilo Lyon: And we're assuming none of that is embedded in your guidance currently? 
John Currie: That's correct. 
Camilo Lyon: Okay. And then are you able to tell us what the tie ratio or the add-on purchase historically has been when a customer buys a pair of pants, what else do they buy in that basket? 
John Currie: Yes, that would be a little bit more precise than the information we have. I mean, the average number of units per transaction is between 1.5 and 2. But I couldn't break that down to when there's black luon pants, what's the add-on. We don't have that detailed information at this point. 
Christine Day: I was just going to say, normally works the reverse, right? So somebody comes in, they're attracted by one of the new items, and then they pick up additional core. So because they're looking for an outfit or as they pay say, "Okay, I want the extra pair of Wunder Unders." But so I think that what we're seeing so far is that the color has been really well received. And so that at least, I think, has been some of the good news. As well as the fact that the timing of this, we normally shift in spring to a lot more of our swift and other lighter fabrics for run and for spring. So that is the good news, is that we do have a lot of other products that's available just based on the timing of this and the shift in spring. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about the people that you're adding in quality control. How many are you adding? Where do they come from? Is it here, is it in Asia? And as you think about basis going forward, do you see pricing at all changing on basics? And is there a greater percentage of the basics sold in new markets versus mature, or online versus stores? 
Christine Day: Some of the individuals that we've added, Joan comes to us from, most recently, at jcpenney, and she's worked for Nordstrom before that. So she's our new director of QA, just recently joined us, completed her training, and has, unfortunately, had to hit the ground running very hard over the last 2 weeks for this. And we also made a significant hire as Vice President of Commercialization and Development, which is really critical in the raw materials area. And we've also made a deep hire in our R&D department, Dr. Tom Waller, who comes from the Speedo group. And so he also works on developing raw materials. So those are just an example of 3 key senior leaders that we've hired. We've also put a person on the ground in Taiwan and he's already been in place. And he is building a team there that will actually be at the factories where we produce. And as well as just doing, in addition to the outside third-party testing which we do, we will also have people at our manufacturing sites. So those were already all planned investments for this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Just a question on your lead time. So if you decide to offer this luon today and you started from scratch today, how long will it take for that product to get in stores and be available for sale? 
Christine Day: We were working with the manufacturer today. But first, we have to certify that everything that's coming off that line does actually meet the specs. So we have some sample product that's being made up and sent to us, which we'll then conduct the complete test on. And once that's done, then we'll feel more comfortable setting that date. But in general, if we said that was 100% perfect, we could begin flowing at least the simple Wunder Unders and group pants within no more than 28 days. But we need to make sure that, that product is something we can stand behind. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: A couple of questions. I was wondering, Christine or Sheree, what the substitution potential would be. When a client can't buy a luon pant, is there a likelihood or high likelihood that they may substitute for a different fabrication? Also, Sheree, I was wondering if perhaps your innovation level in fabric and product design may have something to do with this quality control issue. Obviously, you've been very innovative. Maybe that's put some risks into the product production and quality control. Are you examining that situation for a potential change? And for John, I'm wondering if we should be expecting gross margin decline in the second quarter to be deeper than you're forecasting for the first quarter. And I have a follow-on. 
Christine Day: Janet, I'll go ahead and answer the product questions. Right now, there are luon pants that are not affected. So there are luon pants in the store. It just is particular to the group pants and the Wunder Under and then a couple of seasonal styles, a couple of crops that match those and a couple of shorts. So there still are luon. There's still printed luon and there's luon that's colored. So it's just the black pants in particular. And then for the innovation level, because this was around our core fabric and not any the new fabrics, I wouldn't say that, that is the root cause. And it's not something that we feel that we need to drag into all the different tests that we're conducting because this is really about the core product. And then, John? 
John Currie: Yes, Janet, the biggest gross margin hit is actually Q1 because as I said in the prepared remarks, we'd be taking a reserve to write down any expected faulty product in Q1. The impact on gross margin in Q2, therefore, comes primarily from deleverage on fixed costs and, to some extent, there's a shift in margin, as I said. The items impacted our typically higher margin than the average, so there's a little bit of averaging down. So again, not to get too granular, I'd expect gross margin in the second quarter in the low 50s. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy of Stifel. 
Jim Duffy: John, thanks for the average store productivity information. Can you share the run rate productivity of new stores in '12? And then looking forward, how we should think about new store productivity, e-Commerce and the other revenue line items as contributors at the full year guidance? 
John Currie: Okay. As has been the case throughout most of the year, we talk about it every quarter, the new stores are still running in that about $1,150 a square foot plus or minus range, which, again, is what we expect. There's a lot of new stores in new markets where the guest is very early on in the discovery of us. So it's a lower percentage of the mature store productivity. But again, that's expected. But it's maintaining that level that it's been at for the last 12 to 18 months of new store experience. 
Jim Duffy: Okay. And then would you expect that percentage rate to be consistent in the guidance for '13? And then one of the things I've been struggling with is some volatility in the other revenue line item. And trying to get my arms around how to think about the trajectory of the e-Commerce business in '13 off of what was a great year in 2012. 
John Currie: Okay. So the first part, yes, we continue to expect that new product, new store productivity to be similar looking forward. Some noise in the other channels. I mean, just in general, it goes up and down based -- we had 2 warehouse sales in Q4. We've closed a lot of the strategic sales accounts in some markets. There's no franchises anymore. So it's not a big line item in our revenue in general. So maybe on a follow-up, I can walk you through some of that up and down. But I understand how it's hard to model it. 
Jim Duffy: Okay. And then how about e-Commerce, John? Any thoughts on the growth rate for that? 
John Currie: I guess what I'd say is Q4, we're, for the first time, over 16% of total revenue. I tell you, it's a little bit higher in Q4. As we have said, we certainly see growth, e-Commerce growing to 20% and beyond in the foreseeable future. For 2013, I'd expect it to be mid-teens, maybe 15%, 16% of total revenue against the overall growing base of revenue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: As far as the luon product goes, did it hit every region of the country in the entirety of your store base or just some specific segments? And then do you have a sense of how many consumers transactions were actually tied to those purchases in the first 3 weeks of March that may have been impacted and that you could think about being disgruntled and maybe pulling back a bit in the near term? 
John Currie: It was across the entire store base, it wasn't regional. And no, we don't, at this point, have good data on the number of transactions or guests that would have bought it before the pullback. 
Christine Day: We haven't seen any significant return uptick at this point in time, but the word is still getting out. And so -- we did catch it relatively quickly and acted quickly to go through the stock. So I think we'll see within the next week or so, as guests learn about it and begin exchanges, whether or not that impact or how many guests were affected. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Faye Landes of Cowen. 
Faye Landes: Sorry to harp on the same thing [ph], but I just want to -- it sounds like you were starting at sort of ground zero. In other words, for other manufacturers, the idea that you have to put the pants on and bend over to test them out is something that would happen before they hit the stores. So do you think that there was sort of -- is that correct? I mean, were you sort of behind the curves on processes in general beforehand, do you think? 
Christine Day: I don't know of anybody else who has people actually -- I mean, a final proto in garments where we make up those, of course, you would produce all of those tests. And we do wash tests and do a lot of other things at that stage. And then when it goes to the bulk manufacturing, you'll do random sample pulls. But again, I'll stress that this product passed all initial testing that we're aware off. So the whole conversation at this point is then where did it break down from that initial testing. And that's what we're trying to figure out. You wouldn't notice the change from hand feel. And it's not a simple put it over a mannequin or put it on, it has to be engaged in a four-way stretch for the sheerness to appear. So it's a very complex thing to test for. And that's what we're looking at what can we do better job of to make sure that we can identify that earlier in the process. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital. 
Edward Yruma: I believe that you said you're not expecting any recovery on some of your inventory write-downs. But I guess is there the potential for you to go back to your supplier and manufacturing partners for a compensation in this process? 
Christine Day: I think once we identify with certainty the real issue. And in the past, we've worked very closely like on the dye issue and amicably settled whatever we need to settle with our manufacturers, where we were both happy with the outcome. And I think as we identify where that is with our partnerships that we have in place, I'm confident that we will resolve it in an amicable way. If the mistake was ours through something like a pattern change or whatever, then obviously, we're on the hook for that. But at this point in time, we don't know specifically what the issue was. 
Edward Yruma: Great. And one underlying question. It seems like you've changed some of your philosophies around Men's sizing to, perhaps, have more accommodating or athletic fit. How does that change the addressable market that you're attacking for the Men's business? 
Christine Day: We definitely think that it makes it broader because our core market is that athletic males and the styles should be styled slim, not a slim fit. And as we've made that modification and brought back things like the favorite Kung Fu pants, that's sold out very quickly, and we went back to reorder on that. 
Operator: I'd now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Christine Day: Thank you. Thank you for joining us this morning and we look forward to updating you with more information as soon as we get it. We want to just reiterate our commitment to being completely transparent and passing along the information as we learn it, so that you can have confidence and faith in us that you will always be the first to know whenever we have an issue. So thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-12-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q3 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Ms. Therese Hayes. You may begin, ma'am. 
Therese Hayes: Hi. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on our third quarter 2012 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available in the Investor Relations section of our website and furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at www.sec.gov. 
 Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days, also on the website. And hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; John Currie, the company's CFO; and Sheree Waterson our Chief Product Officer will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 
 We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.
 [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn it over to Christine Day. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Therese. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our stellar third quarter results. I'm very proud of the team for achieving yet another strong quarter and coming in ahead of our expectations. Our robust financial results in the third quarter were largely driven by first-rate execution, beautiful product, community engagement and continued strength in our e-Commerce business. 
 During the course of the quarter, we celebrated the opening of an ivivva store, 3 stores in Australia and North American store openings in Omaha, Pittsburgh, New York, Memphis, Baltimore, Columbus, Franklin and Bridgewater, New Jersey. I am continually amazed with the creativity of our teams in enrolling their communities to the store opening events, which this quarter included the Gospel of Sweat at New York City's historic Upper West Side Riverside Church. Both the name of the event and the location were intentionally created to engage a conversation about spirituality and the mindfulness in New York City yoga studios, spin studios, fitness studios and the laps run around the reservoir. 200 yogis practicing mandala style mat-to-mat on the rooftop of the iconic Peabody Hotel in Memphis to celebrate the opening of that region's third store. 
 For the opening of our second store in Columbus, both stores came together for a huge community class, Om-H-I-O, where 500 yogis practiced yoga inside the Ohio State University Oval together. When we entered the Columbus market as a showroom 3 years ago, there was only 1 yoga studio, and today, there are 15 studios. This speaks volumes to the work both teams have done in their communities to cultivate yoga and be the resource for all things yoga related. It is this authentic connection with our guests and our community that differentiates us from many other retailers. 
 e-Commerce continued to be a significant growth driver for the business in the third quarter, with year-over-year increases up 89% in sales, the highest rate of growth in the active wear or vertical retail apparel categories. 
 In addition to our investments in bolstering our social, e-mail and blog activities to support our e-Commerce business, we are also laying the groundwork for future growth. We recently launched our Hong Kong, Singapore, U.K. and EU specific websites, which gives us access to 24 markets with local fulfillment, more localized content and the ability to connect more authentically with those communities. We established third-party logistics and distribution centers in Hong Kong and Rotterdam to better serve the Asian, European and U.K. markets. 
 We have said previously that we have been spending the past several months doing a lot behind the scenes work, and our international expansion is now entering a phase of more on-the-ground development. Based on the success of both Hong Kong showrooms, we are actively looking to secure real estate for a store in that market. In London, we will leverage the website and current infrastructure with the Chelsea showroom, with an additional showroom penetration in 2013. Overall, we intend to go deeper in showrooms in Europe and Asia over the next 24 months, and we will begin pre-seeding activities in up to 15 countries over the next 2 years. 
 Based on our experience, when we seeded the U.S. market in 2009 with 50 showrooms, we are confident that this same approach in the international market, along with the intelligence that we gained through our country and region specific websites, will allow us to create the optimal mix of bricks and mortar and e-Com for these markets. 
 We know that the seeding period in some of these markets may be up to 2 years. In the meantime, we are building the international team. Through our store networks and in-store -- in-country contacts, we are actively looking for showroom managers and community connectors for each of the countries that we are targeting.
 And I am particularly pleased to announce that we have made a key international senior executive hire. Barbara Le Marrec is joining our team. Barbara brings great international experience in Europe and Japan, and shares a common history with me as she comes to us from her most recent position as the head of Starbucks operations for Japan. She also held the positions of SAP International Health Solutions at Starbucks and General Manager of Starbucks France. 
 We announced earlier this month the resolution of the infringement action related to our Astro Pants. We cannot comment specifically to the terms of the settlement with Calvin Klein and G-III. In general, lululemon protects its designs and maintains the strategy of remaining focused on our market-leading position in innovation and execution. We believe that we have taken the necessary steps to establish and protect our IP.
 We experienced a slower start to the fourth quarter as we were not immune to the consumer distractions that negatively impacted many retailers for the first half of November. In addition to the November macro issues, we lost some momentum in the beginning of Q4 due to some execution issues with our e-mail product notification, our grassroots marketing communications that drive sales and traffic. These issues have since been resolved. 
 This season, we made a strategic shift into technical mid-layers, consistent with our strategy of building a layering systems for our run product. The what the fluff? line items are the pinnacle layering pieces for our run line. The price points of these items may have created a barrier, but like many of our products, we know that when these pieces get into our guests' hands, they will love them, so we have repriced some of the pieces to make them more accessible. 
 We are excited about the holiday season as we have some of the best products we have ever made available for our guests in our stores and through our extended e-Commerce network. We have seen accelerated gift card sales, indicating we are on many gift lists this holiday. 
 The most productive weeks of the quarter are still ahead of us, and we are excited about the back-to-gym and back-to-studio products that will hit the stores in January.
 And with that recap of the quarter, I will now turn it over to John. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our third quarter of 2012 and then I'll update you on our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year of fiscal 2012. 
 For the third quarter, total net revenue rose 37.5% to $316.5 million from $230.2 million in the third quarter of 2011. The increase in revenue was driven by the addition of 36 net new corporate owned stores since Q3 of 2011, 21 new stores in the United States, 8 stores in Australia, 2 in New Zealand and 5 ivivva stores; comparable store sales growth of 18% on a constant dollar basis; and direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 89% or $21.2 million. If we included e-Commerce as a store in our comp calculations as many retailers do, our comps would be reported as 26% on a constant dollar basis. 
 During the quarter, we opened 8 corporate owned lululemon stores in the U.S., 3 in Australia and 1 ivivva store in Canada. We ended the store with -- the quarter with 201 total stores versus 165 a year ago. There are 144 stores in our comp base, 39 of those in Canada, 89 in the United States, 13 in Australia and 3 ivivva stores. Corporate owned stores represented 79.6% of total revenue or $252 million versus 82.6% or $190 million in the third quarter of last year. 
 Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $45.1 million or 14.3% of total revenue versus $23.9 million or 10.4% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $19.4 million or 6.1% of revenue for the third quarter versus 16.3% or 7% of revenue in the third quarter of last year. 
 Gross profit for the third quarter was $175.3 million or 55.4% of net revenue compared to $128.5 million or 55.8% of net revenue in Q3 2011. The factors which contributed to this 40 basis points decline in gross margin were product margin decline of 30 basis points; investment in innovation and function in our product mix, coupled with slightly higher markdowns due to a more normalized inventory position impacted product margin versus last year, but was offset with lower airfreight usage and rates in 2012; 60 basis points of deleverage in product and supply chain team costs due to investments in product development, operations and supply chain, which is partly offset by a net 50 basis points of leverage on occupancy and depreciation.
 SG&A expenses were $94.7 million or 29.9% of net revenue compared to $68.8 million or 29.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. The $37.6 million SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and outlets, as well as increases at existing locations, due to higher sales volumes, increased variable operating costs associated with our e-Commerce business due to the tremendous year-over-year revenue growth, along with continued investment in key e-Commerce support functions, such as IT development and support, site content and creative assets, and increases in expenses at our Store Support Centre including salaries, administrative expenses, professional fees, management incentive and stock-based compensation associated with the growth of the business; and finally, the higher Canadian and Australian dollar, which increased SG&A by $0.5 million or 0.5%. As a result, operating income for the third quarter was $80.6 million or 25.5% of net revenue compared with $59.7 million or 25.9% of net revenue in 2011. 
 Tax expense for the quarter was $24.7 million or a tax rate of 30.1% compared to $21.4 million or a tax rate of 35.5% in the third quarter of 2011. The lower effective tax rate reflects the ongoing impact of revised intercompany pricing agreements. 
 Net income for the quarter was $57.3 million or $0.39 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $38.8 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2011. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.7 million versus 145.3 million a year ago. 
 Capital expenditures were $33 million for the quarter compared with $13.6 million in the third quarter last year. In addition to new stores, renovations and IT capital, we also acquired the building housing our Kelowna store in Canada and additional head office space in Vancouver. We ended the quarter with $439.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $164.7 million or 27.5% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2011, and is consistent with our expected forward sales. 
 This now leads me to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2012. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at par with the U.S. dollar compared to an average exchange rate of $0.98 in Q4 of 2011. 
 We anticipate revenue in the range of $475 million to $480 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase in the high-single digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Keep in mind, our comp guidance excludes the additional 53rd week in 2012, which contributes approximately $20 million in sales for the quarter.
 We plan to open 8 lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Canada and 1 in Australia during the fourth quarter. As Christine mentioned, we experienced a soft start to the quarter, and so our sales guidance is roughly $5 million lower than implied in our annual guidance given on the second quarter earnings call. We again expect gross margin for the quarter to be above 55% for Q4 and sequentially above Q3 due to the leverage on sales volumes.
 We expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be roughly 500 basis points below the third quarter level, which is consistent with our normal historical seasonality. We also expect year-over-year leverage relative to Q4 of 2011. Our SG&A will reflect preopening costs related to the 10 stores planned to open in Q4 and additional stores planned to open in early Q1 2013. Consistent with previous quarters, we continue to invest in our international market planning and seeding efforts, while also investing SG&A in our infrastructure such as planning, scoping and building new systems within our global IT and supply-chain functions. 
 Assuming a tax rate of 29.4% and 145.9 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.71 to $0.73 per share. This brings our full year sales to a range of $1.36 billion to $1.365 billion. 
 For the full fiscal year of 2012, we anticipate we will open a total of 37 corporate owned stores, including Australia and ivivva locations. We expect capital expenditures to be between $85 million and $90 million for fiscal 2012, reflecting the purchase of real estate housing stores and office premises, new store build outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital. 
 We now expect 2012 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.81 to $1.83. This is based on 145.8 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 29%.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thanks, John. I would just like to thank, again, all of our educators and people at the support center that made this great quarter happen. And again, we're very excited about the balance of the quarter and wishing you a big happy holidays. 
 With that, we will open it up to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird. 
Erika Maschmeyer: I wanted to ask you about your inventory position. It's close to 28% but well below your sales growth and your implied sales guidance for next year. How do you feel with regards to that? Do you think you're still on the light side there? 
John Currie: No, we're in a solid inventory position for Q4. Remember that the quarter-end inventory number is just a point in time. It doesn't take into account the flow. We don't see ourselves being constrained by inventory in Q4. 
Erika Maschmeyer: Great. And then, exciting news about expanding your international base. Could you talk a little bit more about how you're building capacity on the supply-chain side for that? Are you going to be expanding your vendor base or building out capacity at vendors, and also, how that could impact your expected SG&A leverage? 
Christine Day: From an operations perspective, we've had the team on the ground basically over the last 18 months building our capacity for international supply chain, doing all of the compliance, all the duty rates, so a lot of behind the scenes both modeling, information gathering, analysis, making sure that we have compliant product going into all of the markets. And so we're well on our way in that work for all of the markets that we're looking to enter, even just through e-Commerce or through strategic sales and eventually showrooms in those markets. And initially, we will focus on some of the main markets, for us, that's the U.K., Hong Kong. We'll open some on-the-ground presence in Singapore and Germany in the short term, and then we'll go through more markets until we do the 15. We'll be working in both the Asian markets and the European market simultaneously. So a lot of great progress on that operationally and both in the supply chain and building the team that's capable of doing that and building the systems, so being very prepared. 
John Currie: And in terms of SG&A, you're already seeing some of the SG&A related to international in the second half of this year. As we go into next year, and we haven't been specific yet just in terms of how many showrooms and how many countries we'll open. But there will be some drag on SG&A leverage, but it won't be significant. But I'll talk about it more in the next earnings call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Tennant with Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: Christine, can you talk about -- the what the fluff? line looks fantastic. I was wondering if you can just talk about sort of the learnings on launching it, both online and in stores, the repricing, what -- now that you've done that, have you seen a pickup in sales cadence? And are you happy with where the product is now priced? 
Christine Day: Number one, the response to the product in terms of the technical user runner who purchase it, loves it so it's really well received as a technical product. And definitely, we see long-term being in the business of the technical mid-layer and layering pieces. So it's important for us strategically to drive the business in where we want to be in being a market leader and innovating. What we realized when we put the whole package together and saw it on the floor set that overall store price felt a little high to us, and we realized that we really want long-term commitment to this product, so we made the strategic decision to bring the price point down to a more accessible level to really get it in the hands of the people who we want it to be in and to drive the line. So that was really what guided our decision was that, first and foremost. And then the second was recognizing that overall, our price points were a little higher than we'd like to have seen in the holiday period. So we feel good about where that's at. And as John said, we're trending against our expectations, and we feel really good about that product in particular. 
Adrienne Tennant: And then really quickly, John, just the high-single digit comp, does that include the anniversary of the warehouse sales that happened in January of last year? 
John Currie: No. The warehouse sales aren't included in our comp. We do intend to have a couple of warehouse sales this year, so it is in my revenue guidance. 
Adrienne Tennant: Okay. So we will see the anniversary of the -- I think it was 3 events last year, the same ones? 
John Currie: Yes, we will do that again this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: Christine, could you address a little bit the performance of the mid -- some of the mid-layer products you talked about, there's some price resistance there. Is there any sort of general takeaways from what you're seeing in the business in terms of what's -- some of the more innovative fashion, newness products versus the core products? Are you seeing kind of equal performance across the board there? And then this pricing issue. 
Christine Day: I think one of the things that really surprised us at the end of Q3 and coming into Q4 was the strength of our basic bottoms business. We ordered an extra heavy amount kind of towards the end of the quarter because those are easily replenished items. And it really drove traffic on the Wunder Unders, the Groove Pants. The bottoms have been an exceptional performer in the core business, which has been really great to see. A strategic decision that we made was to walk away from some of the cottons that we've done in the past because they're not as technical product. Those were high-volume sales drivers for us, so transitioning the customer to a more technical guest is still always a strategy that we're optimizing. So if to do it over, I would probably not have walked away maybe as much in the holiday season from that because that scuba hoodie for young girls is a big gift giver. But I think we'll look at that again for next year, but on the whole, the technical product is great and the core business is great. And it's more a story about what strategically we chose not to do for the holiday season. 
Omar Saad: Okay. And then just on the mid-layer where you're kind of repricing to make them a little bit more accessible. Can you just maybe expand on that a little bit? 
Christine Day: Yes. I mean, I think, we -- we're obviously a little excited about the premiumness of that product because it truly is. And so we priced it as a premium product, but then when we stood back and really looked at it in the store and our desire to really drive it as a key line piece for long-term, we made the decision to bring it back down in margin and in price point. But it's still a very healthy margin product, so it's not like we're going below our historical margin levels in doing so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Chen with Wedbush Securities. 
Betty Chen: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the Men's versus the Women's business in the quarter. And then also, any learnings from the innovations, the capsules and how the team may be thinking about those learnings in planning for 2013? 
Sheree Waterson: So the first question was about Men's. Hi, this is Sheree. And there are a lot of learnings about Men's for Q3. So one of the things that we did was shift some of our fits to a slimmer, more modern fit. And what we learned is that the guest, the male guest, is so excited about the modern detailing and the later cutting and gluing of pockets and so on and so forth. And we want to put those fits into more athletic blocks, fit blocks, so that we can satisfy a more democratic consumer base. So lots of great things happening in Men's. And I think you can see the ethos shifting quite a bit. So the only thing I'd add to that is we really are attracting a younger male guest because of those changes, and I think that's so exciting we broadened the appeal of the Men's line and I think that's one of the leading indicators we're very excited about. And the rest is -- what was the second question? 
Betty Chen: In regard to the capsules this year, any learnings and how we should think about the team planning for capsules next year? 
Sheree Waterson: First of all, we are so excited about what we've learned about capsules. One thing that I continue to talk about is cascading our learnings into our core line, and so when I look at our commute line, when I look at the spin line that we did and so on and so forth, what we were able to get in terms of insights for technologies and then also insights for stylings that we want to bring into the core line has been great. So cascading from more wow factor down into the core I would say is the key learning that we get from capsules. This year, we executed 8. Next year, we're going to go deeper and look at about 6, and that's exciting. We also, you should know, have just hired a Head of Innovations. His name is Dr. Tom Waller, and he is also having us or leading us into the future with some new technical fabric innovations and construction innovations, so we're really looking forward to him joining the team. 
Betty Chen: Is there any way you can share with us, John, what were the comps for the Men's versus Women's business in the third quarter? 
John Currie: The comps were very similar. Men's during Q3 continues to run around 12% of the overall sales. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the balance of price and margins on basics versus new categories, how are you thinking about pricing and margins? And how is -- will 2013 be different than 2012? 
Christine Day: I think the fourth quarter is always a little bit more of an unusual situation where you've got outerwear and then this year, we led into the technical mid-layer. But our core business margins continue to strengthen. We've been able to leverage some of our supply chain, some efficiencies, so even with rising either raw materials or labor, we've been able to really hold strong margins on our core product. Always in innovation, we're going to accept slightly lower margins to drive the business. Usually, those are on higher ticket items, so from a dollars perspective, those are our key. And I think it's what the strategic choices are about the things that we do in between because we believe in not just cluttering our store with stuff. And our goal is to always innovate and have a discipline to do what we are driving strategically versus easy sales because as a market leader, that's what keeps you disruptive and innovative. So we're always leaving room in our margins to perform overall, though, hitting the target of the 55% range that John has laid out. And that's our goal is to always innovate while hitting the target that we've laid out. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: Can you talk about just really quickly in 3Q what the comp components were? Was the comp driven mostly by traffic, or was AUR or other metrics at play as well? And then how do you think about 4Q in terms of the difference of product flow into the stores versus last year? And how are you thinking about markdown rates as you anniversary more normalized markdowns? 
John Currie: In Q3, the comp was made up pretty much entirely by traffic. There's a little bit of up-and-down in the other elements, but the traffic increase is pretty much equal to the comp growth. What was the second [indiscernible]? 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay, great. The second one is more about 4Q and how you think about both the flow of products. And as you anniversary normalized markdown rates, how you're thinking about that this year. 
John Currie: Okay. Again, as I said, coming into the quarter, we've got a strong inventory position with additional product coming in. So the flow, whereas in the past, it has created some ups and downs, we don't see that as being a factor this year. In terms of markdowns, again, as I've been saying the last few quarters, probably up a little bit year-over-year, but still at a very low overall level of markdowns relative to our history in retail in general. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Jim Duffy: John, I was wondering, on the fourth quarter, could you quantify the impact that you saw from Sandy early in the quarter? And then with respect to the execution issues you saw early in the quarter, did those persist through Thanksgiving weekend and Cyber Monday? 
John Currie: Okay. The impact of Sandy, I don't want to make it sound like that was material. I mean, a small number of our stores were closed for a few days. But that -- if it was $1 million, that's probably a good estimate, so that's really not a big factor. And yes, the other things that Christine mentioned in terms of product notifications, that did carry on through. 
Christine Day: Yes, there was about a 2.5-week where we were down, and it did carry through Thanksgiving weekend and through the next week. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tal Woolley with RBC Capital Markets. 
Tal Woolley: I was just wondering if you can break out the CapEx budget for this year in terms of what was the sort of the base capital spending versus what was optional or real estate re-acquisitions. 
John Currie: Oh, let's see. The real estate acquisitions totaled about $17 million, $18 million. The balance, I don't have a breakdown in front of me, but as I said, it's new stores, it's renovations and significant investment in IT. 
Tal Woolley: Okay. And has there been any discussion at the board level about -- thoughts about deploying the cash either share buybacks, dividends, what are the thoughts there? 
John Currie: It's something we talk about pretty much every quarter because we do have a healthy cash position. As I've said in the past, my preference at least, is to get to a point where we've got sufficient cash reserves to fund the most aggressive expansion plan in the midst of a deep recession and can still be comfortable. And then, what I see us doing in the future would be to get to a point where we could institute a regular recurring dividend as opposed to looking at special dividends or buybacks. But it's an ongoing discussion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Once you restarted the e-mail notifications, did you see the comp return back to maybe last quarter's state, or are you still seeing some weakness, I think you mentioned macro, come through? 
John Currie: It's getting pretty granular. I guess I'd just say, with the product notifications back, we're seeing the traffic in business on trend that's consistent with my guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Christine, I wondered if you'd talk a little bit about your test of some of the more casual product and dresses in the quarter, and what you're thinking about in terms of layering in fashion versus basics as we go forward. I also wanted to learn a little bit more about the comps in the Canadian market and how they compare to the U.S. market. And John, I just wondered on the gross margin guidance, I think you said 55% -- above 55% for the fourth quarter, and I'm wondering if you could just highlight whether or not your AUC or your average unit cost per unit looks lower versus last year in the fourth quarter. 
Christine Day: So we always do in the summer a few casual layering dresses to go either with the swimsuit pod or just for fun. They always blow out. They're well received. But that's not what we would consider a major -- that's a fun item for us. It's not necessarily what we would call the technical street. So when we talk about moving into technical street, it's always technical first. And so things like the what the fluff? line to us represents a technical street where it's beautiful enough to wear as your outerwear but it also has that highly technical element to it. So you'll see us move more into technical that crosses over. And some of the beauty of like the Men's jacket, the commuter jacket that was just out there, is so handsome on, but at the same time, you can ride a bike in the rain and show up for work and it's so handsome. So those are the things that we refer to when we talk about pushing the line into technical street. And we'll always do things like the dresses or something for a little bit of summer fun because our guest enjoys it and, frankly, so do we. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Does that mean that the technical street portion of the assortments could become a bigger contribution to the assortments going forward? 
Christine Day: I think that's the plan over time. And obviously, we have very high sales per square foot, and we have to plan in what the future growth is going to be and do that in a very strategic way, and I think that's what you see us doing. 
John Currie: And in terms of your questions on comps. Canada, in spite of its very high productivity, continued in Q3 to deliver a positive low-single digit comp. And in the U.S., again really strong comps in the U.S. We're a little over 30%. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Okay. And if I could squeeze in a question for Sheree. Sheree, I was just wondering if we had a lot to look forward to in terms of swim in the spring? Will it be a bigger product line, more frequent product line, than last year? Or how should we be thinking about that category? 
Sheree Waterson: There's always something exciting to look forward to, Janet. Sure. Yes, next year, for 2013, we are doing swim, and so you'll see swim show up a couple of times, one for the early buyer and one for the in-season buyer. So for March, we'll be doing a capsule and then for June, we'll also be doing another capsule. And what you're still going to be noticing is that we're exploring the -- this category, so we're getting better and better at it, and as we do, you'll see that grow. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Okay, great. And John, did you want comment on the gross margin question? 
John Currie: Yes, sorry. Our average unit cost in Q4, I think you were saying. Like-for-like, we're seeing unit cost pretty flat on a -- by unit basis. I mean, we are innovating, so there's a slight increase when we're doing something new, but I think your point is really like-for-like, which is, as I said, pretty flat over last year Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser with Sterne Agee. 
Ben Shamsian: Ben Shamsian for Sam. Had a question on the comp. The last few quarters, it was entirely or mostly driven by traffic and conversion. Given that you're going more towards the technical and sort of moving more towards the Men's, will we see any help on the ASP side? Or do you think sort of ASPs are topped out going forward? 
Christine Day: Yes. Well, I think you'll see based on outerwear in Q4, that always does drive it up, but at the same time -- which is your average ticket. But at the same time, the volume of the core being sold kind of neutralizes it, so it does depend a little bit quarter-by-quarter, but definitely, the comps with the technical line shift and a little bit higher price per piece will add -- will start to build that ticket over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie Capital. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just -- on the capsules. So there will be fewer of them, but you'll go deeper. Is it just sort of a -- are you looking at some of the things that you experienced in 2012 and kind of evolving those, or will there be new categories? And how should that impact margins? Will there be a little bit of margin pressure because like we saw this year, there will be some experimentation? 
Christine Day: Let me answer the second part, and I'll let Sheree answer the product piece. But our -- the overall effect of the small buy in capsules varies -- does not really drive our margin in particular. However, what I will say about that is, when we take a fabric or a new innovation from a capsule and drive it into the main line, in the beginning, there is usually a small decrease in margin until it becomes a consistent part of the line and we reach efficiency. So it's not the capsule per se. It's the translation of innovation into the main line that would have that effect until we get to a point of efficiency, which is why we always -- that investment in innovation is so critical for us. But we also know as the market leader and the disruptor while we're creating new space is what we strategically want to drive and we're constantly reinvesting the gross margin that's over the 55 into the product to be -- maintain the market leadership. I just want to make sure that our strategy is really well understood. With that, I'll let Sheree tell you what's exciting about capsule. 
Sheree Waterson: This goes back to the way -- what I said earlier. As we learn from capsules, we learn what the key items are in capsules so that the capsules actually become more productive. So one of the things, as an example, that we learned from commute is that there's room for a stretch technical fixed waistband pant, which would go from your bike to work, as an example. And... 
Christine Day: Sheree has been wearing one for 3 days. And if she took it off, I think we'd all steal it. 
Sheree Waterson: Yes, it's a good one. And so -- but we see the same thing with tops. So for Men's, as an example, we've done polos, and this year for Father's Day, we will have polos that will be great for golf and cross-functional-type activities. So because those have such key item implications, we're learning, and it's becoming more productive, not less. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: Wanted to discuss a little bit more of the international expansion, and congratulations for the hire. Obviously, Christine, you come from a company that's been very successful internationally, but also spent a lot of money to get to that level of success. So I'm just kind of curious, on the layup in investments, as you go deeper into Europe and Asia, when do you really expect that to kind of peak? Or how do you think about the profitability arc of the international and outside of Australia business model? 
Christine Day: One of the things that I learned tremendously was in working in international at Starbucks, and Barbara did as well, it is far better to spend your money on the infrastructure and getting ready to build a profitable business model when you go in rather than to build a loss-leading market and then cleaning it up afterwards by putting the fixes in place. So we're being very disciplined about creating a healthy business model, and it's not growth at any cost. We've built the models and are testing them, and the beauty of showrooms is it gives us the ability to test the labor rate, the real estate rate, the duty import rate so that we can fine tune the model market-by-market. We also can see what's driving the guest behavior, what's the definition of luxury in the market, what's the definition of technical. So all the pre-seeding we work, we're doing now. All those learnings are being taken in, and so the same strategy that we did in the U.S. is learned from the showrooms and have highly profitable stores from day 1. That's what we're looking to do. So it's not a first-to-market. At the same time, being an early mover in e-Commerce in the showrooms protects our IP and allows us to own the brand and the strategy in all of the markets. So what you see us doing is laying the groundwork for financial success, a healthy business model, which allows us to continue to be who we are strategically everywhere we go. 
Sharon Zackfia: And just to follow up on that, is the economic model for the showroom the same then when you're doing it in London as when you started to do it in LA? 
Christine Day: It's not, right? So I mean, your real estate in London is a lot more expensive. So we open -- our goal is to open a showroom a few more days and to bring in more of the wow product than the basic product than we did in U.S., so we very much localized to create the business model that's needed. And you'll see us do maybe more trunk shows in combination with our showrooms. You'll see us do slightly larger stores in those markets but fewer of them because you've got more density in the city. So we're very strategic about how we adapt yet create the same outcome in the markets. And we have a very successful profitable business in Australia, and that, as many people know, when you grow internationally, it's not easy to do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Zolidis with Buckingham Research. 
John Zolidis: I wanted to ask you a question about your store expansion in the U.S. using the Columbus Avenue store as a kind of example and point of departure. So just curious, with only 100-odd stores in the U.S., why would you choose to open a store only 10 blocks away from an existing location? And so could you just talk about why that store versus some of the other whitespace that you have? And then, could you also comment on the cannibalization that you might be experiencing at the nearby store? And then lastly, I notice you didn't put the lululemon name out the store, just the symbol, so could you talk about your thinking around that? 
Christine Day: Yes. So when we go into a market, we've already looked at all of the penetration of potential stores that we would want to have in the market. Then what we do we is we basically create a target real estate list of where we want to be. We open the showrooms, we open stores in sequence of how we want to build the brand, so kind of hip urban, urban affluent, suburban affluent. We don't target necessarily where we think the highest volume sales [indiscernible] because we're building a brand, and that's important over the psychology of a market. So we look at each market in a stand-alone way, and we then are real estate opportunistic and say, if we want to be on this street and intersection because we've plotted the whole market and great, a real estate shows up, when people are doing 5- and 10-year leases, if I don't take it then, I'm going to let somebody else take it and it would be 10 years before I get that corner. So we do it in a very knowing mapped out way. When we do cannibalize a store, it typically is less than -- 10% is the maximum I think we've seen and it recovers very quickly. So we still have very much growing brand awareness and demand. So we want the 3 to 5 or 10, whatever the market will hold best stores on our target, that's our first priority, and if it meant that there was a little bit of short-term impact to a store, we'll take it rather than let competition because what would happen if we had -- where you don't want to be is in a B store in a market that has a potential with a lot of stores as more competition comes along. So everything we do is very strategic and has the long-term decision in mind. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Edward Yruma: John, on the change in the intercompany pricing agreements, once you cycle that next year, will the -- will there still be a continued step change there? And I guess, as more of your revenues come from abroad, is there incremental opportunity on that front? 
John Currie: The adjusted tax rate to 30% or just under 30% is an ongoing tax rate. It will evolve over time based on the countries we go into and where our profit is generated. But the benefit really comes from the fact that a lot of our income is taxed in Canada where our -- the IP resides, et cetera. And then Canada has the benefit of a -- quite a low tax rate. 
Christine Day: I just want to mention, I did not answer John's second part of the question which is why we don't put the logo -- or the name on every store, sorry I didn't answer that, John. The reason we don't do that is, exactly, it made you curious. And so the first store when we're building awareness in the market, we always do that. But we find actually in our model less signage, more authentically local. We deliberately try to be very community-oriented and we don't believe in putting 12 signs on our store. We're very respectful of being part of the community and the street. And we use community to engage and drive traffic, not signage. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon with Cannacord Genuity. 
Camilo Lyon: Just going back to the international infrastructure build out. Do you expect to add manufacturers to your supplier base? Or are your current partners expanding their capacity for you? 
Christine Day: We've been working for the last 2 years to build our capacity with our manufacturers, and so we don't see any barriers from that perspective. We've got strategic plans in place with most of them and doing everything from extra backups from any of the fabrics that we do, alternate choices and flexed capacity and demand. Working on a 9-month calendar like we do, we don't have the luxury of 24 months' lead times to get right orders to factory. So this is something that we have to pay a lot of attention to, to make our flow and model work. And I think Linda [ph] and her team who run that for us have really done a fantastic job this last year, particularly on base products and on some more complex sewing products that we do. 
Camilo Lyon: Got it. And then just moving on to the e-mail notification execution issues that you called out, is there an opportunity to recapture those lost sales in the fourth quarter? 
Christine Day: Yes. I think it's always a little more difficult to read a 53-week year in terms of sales build. But I believe we have great product in the store right now, we have more color than we've had all year, we have more technical pieces and we have great stock in basics. So we just -- we're ready for the consumer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I just wanted to ask about your long-term operating margin targets, and the gross margin, as I recall, target is around 55%. You seem to have settled in there this year. And I'm wondering if you can just look out over the next several years and comment on whether or not that's the level that you feel like is really achievable. And then separately, you mentioned a 25% EBIT margin, that implies I guess a 30% SG&A rate to sales. You've nicely beat that target here in 2012, and I just wondered if you could share with us the way you think about the necessary investments in the business and growing that SG&A at a pace that you think is appropriate and strategically right. But are there some offsets in that thinking in terms of making sure you're also monitoring the deleverage, if any, that you're expecting in the business? 
John Currie: Okay, there's a bunch of questions in there. But as I've said for some time now, our target margin profile is about a 55% gross margin and 25% operating margin. Because we're growing, because we're expanding internationally, making IT investments to support a bigger company in the future, that's what keeps the operating margin down to 25%. If we were just staying in North America and simply running out the growth of that existing business, that operating margin would leverage and we'd get up into the upper 20s. But we are trying to balance both on the gross margin line and the SG&A level, delivering a strong model as we grow. I mean, that's the point, growing but maintaining that strong margin. So yes, from time to time, our gross margin can get above 55%, as I think Christine or Sheree mentioned. We like to invest that excess back into innovation. But there is leverage inherent there, especially as we leverage against occupancy and depreciation, which is in cost-of-sales. Similarly, in terms of SG&A running at about 30%, again, it will be up, it will be down, but especially as we go international, both in terms of the infrastructure investment to support that and as we get into stores, the initial stores in new markets will likely initially deliver a lower operating margin, and that will offset the leverage that we see in the core North American business. 
Christine Day: Right. And I think what's important is that our base operating functions, we've seen a lot of leverage in all of the functions, except for IT, we're making investments. Products, we're investing in supply chain; international, quality. And as John said, we're reinvesting in preopening and new market expenses, which will normalize. But I want to assure you that in the core business, we have seen leverage across the SG&A and now, we're reinvesting that leverage to provide growth, which is what our job is. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse. 
Christian Buss: More about the seeding of international markets and if you could give us sort of a prioritized list of where you're looking and thinking about, that would be very helpful. 
Christine Day: Yes, I think we've already declared that it's Hong Kong and Singapore where we already have a presence with strategic sales and you're kind of on-the-ground in both of those markets, and we're moving more quickly to stores in Hong Kong. And then London, you'll see us increase our penetration of showrooms this next year, and then the next market that you'll see us targeting is Germany. 
Christian Buss: That's helpful. And in terms of the pre-investments you've made, could you give us some color on that? 
Christine Day: So we don't want to give away all our secrets. So what I'll just say is that there's on the team -- on-the-ground teams that are working in a variety of markets, doing what we do best, which is build a community and engagements so that we are authentically local and that we're driving desire and demand by the time that we reach the market with a physical presence. 
John Currie: And that's in market. And then behind the scenes, a lot of work in terms of compliance in various markets, employee relations matters, legal and tax structuring, all of that work, distribution centers, that's the groundwork that we've been laying over the past 18 months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: It's a little bit of a follow-up to the previous question. What type of market research have you done into the 15 countries that you plan to enter over the next 2 years? On the product side of things, what type of, I guess, research both from the fashion and the technical side of product have you done before entering those markets? 
Christine Day: We, obviously, do a lot of benchmarking and we do a lot of our design meetings where we're in with athletes and asking them what they like to use. We do a lot of product testing. And so it's a very active -- and those are the ones that people know that we do. There's a lot that people don't know that we do that I don't actually want to share. So rest assured that we like the pay of [ph] travel advisory warning, which is know before you go. And so we're very disciplined about that. 
John Kernan: Okay. And then one quick follow-up. The Men's business continues to gain momentum, has there been any change in thought about what the long-term potential of that business is as a percentage of your total business? 
Christine Day: Well, if I was to follow Chip's direction, it would be huge. So I think everybody's very excited and see it's a huge opportunity. And we've already got a lot of basic pieces in the line, which are very beloved, and we see Men's buy in bulk, and so we've built a really good basics assortment. And as Sheree said, it's now about refining to complete the whole architecture in the line. But we've just got some incredibly handsome pieces that are out there right now. The Men's Mission Pant is the best pant that we've ever done, extremely well received in the marketplace, getting a lot of great feedback about that. I already mentioned the Men's commuter jacket, which we did in a relatively small amount and got out there, and now all of a sudden, with people are seeing guys in it, everybody's coming in trying to get it, so very excited about the response because that's kind of a new direction for us. And as we already discussed, we've really added to the bandwidth of guests who's shopping with us. We're seeing a younger male attracted. We've got our existing core, and now we're working to really fill in the desire. So we definitely see it as a major growth opportunity for us strategically. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Burns with D.A. Davidson. 
Andrew Burns: Could you spend just a little more time on outerwear? It seemed to be a bigger presence in the stores this year versus last. And so can you talk about the performance and opportunity for that category, and specifically, the consumer response to higher price points? 
Christine Day: I think what you saw year-over-year was, if you recall last year, our factories delayed our outerwear so we canceled it, so we actually had none last year. And we had a very small drop right around Christmas of the original what the fluff? line that we were testing last year. So this year, of course, would feel like more because we actually skipped a year of doing any outerwear, and then you went from outerwear into a bigger what the fluff? So I think the overall impact in the store felt a little bit more like technical mid-layers and some outerwear, but we really didn't do too many more styles in direct outerwear than we've been historically. We did skip doing the big, big heavy down jacket that we've done in the past and boy, did we hear about that from our Canadian guests, so I think you can expect to see that back. And so it was very well received. I was just in the store over the last couple of days and we had a woman who'd come in and bought a coat at let's just say another store and she came in and saw ours, bought it and went out the door to return the one she just bought. So we were pretty excited to see that and have a really great outerwear collection. And I think the style that we bring to outerwear is exceptional. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research. 
Rob Wilson: John, I'm a little surprised about the gross profit margin guidance because if I remember correctly last year, you called out specifically, the merchandise margin was down 310 basis points last year. So I'm assuming you're guiding to lower than last year gross profit margin. Can you help me understand why it would be lower than last year? I mean, last year you called out higher product cost, 230 basis points, you called out... 
John Currie: Those higher product costs that deleverage gross margin a year ago over the prior year, those have not reversed, so that's simply carrying on. And then beyond that, as we've mentioned additional innovation, et cetera, as the product cost's up a little bit. 
Rob Wilson: So you've received no benefit from lower sourcing cost? 
John Currie: Very little. A lot of retailers are more cotton-centric than we are, so they saw the spike in cotton and then the strong reversal, but cotton really isn't a factor for us. For us, it's more of things like silver, for example, in our Silverescent material. So the answer is no. 
Rob Wilson: Okay. One more question real quick since I'm last, why would you guys want to own real estate? 
John Currie: It's not a core strategy, but when we have a key location that we see ourselves being in long-term and that can be at our head office or it could be a key store, such as the Newbury Street store that we acquired, we evaluate acquiring it versus entering into a lease where, of course, we're at -- exposed to, on renewal, the lease rates going up. So just strategically, it can be a better way of securing real estate on a long-term basis. 
Operator: I'd like to turn the conference back to our host for closing remarks. 
Christine Day: Great, thank you. So Sheree and I would like to thank our product team, the design, merch, supply chain for being relentless and pushing boundaries. We believe we have the best product team in the world, complemented by the best educators, creating a guest experience in our stores. 
 So with that, thank you, and happy holidays to everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-09-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q2 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Therese Hayes, VP of Communication and Sustainability. Please go ahead. 
Therese Hayes: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us this morning. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of lululemon's website at lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days in the Investors section of the company's website. 
 Hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. Sheree Waterson, our Chief Product Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. 
 [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn it over to Christine Day. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Therese. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call to discuss our second quarter results. Labor Day seemed to sneak up on us faster than ever this year, likely because we were even busier than usual this summer. We enjoyed another strong quarter, coming in ahead of our expectations. John will go through the specifics on the numbers a little later in the call, so I will touch on the key events of the quarter and subsequent weeks. 
 I signed off last call with an invitation to all of you to join us at our inaugural SeaWheeze Half Marathon. And thanks to the wonderful team who worked so hard to put all of this together and to our many communities who participated, it was a tremendous success. As I drove to the event that sunny morning in Vancouver, it was raining colored luon as the runners headed to the check-in station. Over 7,000 people joined us for a weekend of fun, including pre-run sunrise yoga, the 13-mile tour of our wonderful hometown city, complete with Cheer Stations at every community we ran through from dragons in Chinatown, tai chi at David Lam Park and the world's largest Cheer Station at lululemon's very first store on 4th Avenue. We viewed The Street girl dancers, one of my favorites, and the drag queens in the West End. The day ended with a 1,000-person sunset yoga class on the beach, hosted by our ambassador, Mara, who many of you will remember from the morning yoga class that you participated in during our Analyst Day.
 It was my first half marathon, but won't be my last. We've already announced that we will host it again next year, and I'm telling you right now that you better get your spot early as it's even likely to be more popular next year. 
 It is remarkable to think that a couple of back page ads in Runner's World, we could attract a sellout crowd to our first-ever run event. It is a reflection of our ongoing commitment to our communities, to the grassroots authentic relationships we have developed over time and to the deep connection and partnership that we enjoy with our guests. Our #1 priority is meeting our guests where they are at, and it was wonderful to see that they were equally willing to be excited and come celebrate with us here in Vancouver. To show how much the participants and the community enjoyed the event, for 2 hours that day, we were the top 5 of the top 10 trending topics in Vancouver, and this is while the Olympics were on.
 We followed the SeaWheeze weekend with our leadership conference, which is a gathering of our store managers and some of our top educators from our North American stores. Vancouver must have thought there was a lululemon invasion as we hosted approximately 700 of our best and brightest for 3 days of learning, development and sharing. 
 A couple of weeks later, we continued our community-building efforts and our support of the full ecosystem of yoga by collaborating with our friends at Wanderlust to bring this well-known yoga festival to Canada for the very first time. During the 4-day festival, Whistler was host to over 12,000 yogis celebrating music and all aspects of the practice, from chanting with Janet Stone to the Baptiste yoga, a deep cleanse practice with Seane Corn, and to some very modern twist on the practice, including hula-hoop yoga, slackline yoga and stand-up paddle board yoga. 
 More than 20 lululemon ambassadors were teachers at the 4-day event, representing over half the teachers, and we understand that it was the very first year ticket sales for Wanderlust ever. Not only were we able to support our friends at Wanderlust by encouraging participation in our communities, it was with also a great opportunity for us to reconnect with each other on the mats. The first Canadian Wanderlust was a tremendous success, and it was wonderful to see such strong interest and support for yoga right here in our own backyard.
 Being in relationship with our ambassadors and our guests gives us the opportunity to host and support these events and is a testament to the meaningful relationships that we have built over time. It is precisely because of the strength of those relationships that we take -- we took a clear stand, with a letter from Sheree on our Facebook site, regarding quality issues. We strive to exceed the performance needs of our guests, and we usually succeed. However, we were hearing that this was not the case with color integrity on some of our products this spring. And when guests felt like we were not owning up to the issue, we reacted appropriately in our stores to ensure that our guests were heard and their concerns were addressed, and shared this with our loyal guests on Facebook. As you have seen the results of this quarter, it was not a material event from a pure financial perspective, and engaging in an honest discussion with our guests is always the right thing to do.
 We have always made feedback from our stores and our communities a core practice that we use to evolve our products as we grow. Our products are created using the highest quality suppliers and factories, many of whom have been with us since the start and have grown alongside us. And while it is a product made by humans and therefore not always perfect, we will do what it takes to make it right when we fall short. In the end, quality is our key differentiating factor. It is what we stand for and what we will always stand behind. 
 Looking ahead, we are excited about the opportunity to bring lululemon to other communities around the globe and are continuing our steady foray into the international markets. The London showroom is open and thriving. We had fun hosting athletes and their families at our athlete house in London during the Summer Olympics, and you may have caught our support of the U.S. men's beach volleyball team. The second Hong Kong showroom is expected to open in one month.
 As mentioned in the last call, much of the work that is reflected in our costs is behind the scenes to make sure that we have the right structure, support and systems in place to bolster our expansion into these international markets. It is our intention to manage this expansion primarily through direct control and ownership where it makes sense. John will speak to our recent purchase of the remaining interest in our Australian business. 
 Just before I pass the call over to John to review the numbers, I want to take a moment to address a question that we've been getting a lot lately regarding others' attempts to copy lululemon. In some respects, this is a tremendous compliment, as the saying goes, "Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery." However, while others may try to mimic parts of our business, it is impossible to copy a personality. We have built the #1 retail apparel business model of any publicly traded company, and we continually strive for the right balance between delivering strong growth and our market leader focus on innovation and execution. 
 We are also in the fortunate position to have protected our IP, having built up a portfolio of classic styles. And when we see attempts to mirror our product, we will take the necessary steps to protect our assets, as we did recently by filing a patent infringement action related to our Astro Pants. 
 Most of all, we will support our people and our communities to reach new heights, as they did across the board this past quarter. We remain confident in our ability to lead the market in our segment, with our growth plans unaffected by changing market dynamics. Our focus continues to be on our own internal capabilities, innovation and investment in our future. Our primary focus for innovation is evolving our product incrementally as we have been doing through fit, function, fabric and fashion detailing. The base business is incredibly healthy. It is a tremendous proven growth lever, and we have a long runway ahead of us. 
 And with that recap of the quarter, I will now turn it over to John to go through the financial results. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our second quarter of 2012, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the third quarter and the full year of fiscal 2012.
 For the second quarter, total net revenue is $282.6 million, an increase of 33% over the second quarter of 2011. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 15% on a constant-dollar basis; the addition since Q2 of 2011 of 26 net new corporate-owned stores in the U.S. plus 4 reacquired franchise stores, 6 stores in Australia, 2 in New Zealand and 4 ivivva stores; and direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by $16.8 million or 91%. As a reminder, our reported comps did not include our e-commerce channel. If we included e-commerce as a store in our comp calculations, as many other retailers do, our comps would be reported as 23% on a constant-dollar basis. 
 Slightly weaker Canadian and Australian currency against the U.S. dollar had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $5.9 million or 3%.
 During the quarter, we opened 7 lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Australia and 1 in New Zealand. We ended the quarter with 189 total stores versus 151, including franchises, a year ago, including 21 stores in Australia and New Zealand. There are now 136 stores in our comp base, 41 of those in Canada, including 3 ivivva; 83 in the United States and 12 in Australia. 
 Corporate-owned stores represented 81.9% of total revenue or $231.3 million versus 83.9% or $178.1 million in the second quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $35.4 million or 12.5% of total revenue versus $18.6 million or 8.8% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes wholesale; showrooms; outlets; and until last year, franchised stores, totaled $15.9 million or 5.6% of revenue for the second quarter versus $15.6 million or 7.3% of revenue in the second quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the second quarter was $155.8 million or 55.1% of net revenue compared to $122.1 million or 57.5% of net revenue in Q2 2011. The factors which contributed to this 240-basis-point decrease in gross margin were higher costs associated with inflation in input cost, as well as increased innovation and function in our product line, and a more normalized rate of markdowns versus last year's low level due to a better, more balanced inventory position. These factors were partially offset by lower use of air freight due to reduced inventory chase efforts.
 SG&A expenses were $85.6 million or 30.3% of net revenue compared with $62.6 million or 29.5% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 36.7% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store labor and variable operating costs associated with new stores, showrooms and growth at existing locations; increased cost to support the growth of our e-commerce channel, primarily in our in-house development and creative production capability; and an increase in expenses at our Store Support Centre, including salaries, professional fees, management's incentive and stock-based comp, and depreciation associated with the expansion of our business. 
 As we have discussed in previous quarters, we continue to make investments for the future in areas such as IT, as we continue to build our network, infrastructure and operating platforms for a global business; in people, through our commitment to leadership training and development; and in international, as we continue our market planning, legal and tax structuring, and seeding efforts. As a result of these investments just outlined, our second quarter SG&A deleveraged by 80 points as a percent of revenue.
 Operating income for the second quarter was $70.2 million or 24.8% of net revenue, slightly better than expected, compared to $59.5 million or 28% of net revenue in Q2 of 2011. 
 Tax expense decreased $7.8 million to $13.7 million or a tax rate of 19.1% in the second quarter of 2012 from $21.5 million or a tax rate of 37.5% in the second quarter of fiscal 2011. 
 Let me take a minute and carefully walk you through this area. So in the fourth quarter of 2011, we revised the structure of our internal intercompany transfer pricing agreements. A detailed review of the tax impact of these revised agreements was completed just recently, with the result being a reduction in our effective tax rate from roughly 36.5% to approximately 29.5%, effective as of the date of the agreements. As a result, we booked an adjustment of $7.2 million this quarter to reverse taxes provided for in Q4 of fiscal 2011 through Q1 of 2012. Normalized for this adjustment, the tax rate for the second quarter of 2012 was 29.2%. Going forward, we expect a tax rate of approximately 29.5% in Q3 and Q4 of this year, reflecting the ongoing favorable impact of the revised intercompany transfer pricing agreements.
 Net income for the quarter was $57.2 million or $0.39 per diluted share compared with net income of $38.4 million or $0.26 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2011. Second quarter diluted earnings per share normalized for the tax adjustment was $0.34 and would have been $0.31 at our previously estimated effective tax rate of 36.5%. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.7 million versus 145.2 million a year ago.
 Capital expenditures were $26.4 million for the quarter compared with -- to $12.5 million in the second quarter last year. In addition to new stores, renovations and IT capital, we also acquired the building housing our Newbury Street store in Boston. We ended the quarter with $444.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $125.4 million, 41% higher than at the end of the second quarter of 2012 -- or 2011. Our inventory growth is consistent with our expected forward sales and will support the anticipated growth for new stores, higher same-store sales and our e-commerce business.
 Subsequent to the end of the second quarter in August 2012, we acquired the remaining 19.7% noncontrolling interest in lululemon Australia. Therefore, post closing of this transaction, there will no longer be a noncontrolling interest in the net income of this business. The impact on our financial results for 2012 is expected to be immaterial.
 This leads me to our outlook for the third quarter of 2012. This guidance assumes a Canadian dollar at par with the U.S. dollar, which is consistent with the exchange rate in Q3 of 2011. So for the third quarter of 2012, we anticipate revenue in the range of $300 million to $305 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase in the low to mid-teens on a constant dollar basis. We plan to open 8 lululemon stores in the U.S., 3 in Australia and 1 ivivva store. We expect gross margin to be slightly below 55% through Q3, which represents some deleverage against Q3 2011, due to lower product margins, primarily for the same reasons discussed earlier with respect to Q2.
 In terms of SG&A, we expect to deleverage slightly as a percentage of revenue over the third quarter of 2011. Similar to the investments we made in Q2, we will continue to incur costs to support the rapid growth of our e-commerce business, including costs associated with our new international sites, our IT network and infrastructure, and the design and deployment of new operating systems. Assuming a tax rate of 29.5% and 145.8 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect our Q3 2012 earnings per share to be approximately $0.34 to $0.36. 
 For the full fiscal year 2012, we anticipate we will open a total of 35 corporate-owned stores, plus 2 outlets. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $1.345 billion to $1.36 billion, representing revenue growth of approximately 36% over 2011. We expect -- we continue to expect gross margin for the year right around our stated long-term target of 55%. We expect slight leverage on SG&A for the full year, deleveraging in Q3 and then leveraging in Q4 due to the much higher volumes. As a result, we expect operating margin to deleverage slightly from the peak levels seen in 2011. We expect capital expenditures to be between $85 million and $90 million for fiscal 2012, reflecting new store build-outs, renovations on our existing stores, real estate, IT and other head office capital.
 We project 2012 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.76 to $1.81. This is based on 145.8 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 28.9%. For greater clarity, the impact of the reduction in our effective tax rate added $0.19 to our projected earnings for 2012. And so without this benefit, our guidance would have been $1.57 to $1.62, up from our previous guidance of $1.55 to $1.60 per share. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thank you, John. As always, we have deep appreciation to our educators and people in our stores, our guests and the team here at the Support Centre that make all of this possible. We feel very fortunate to be in a position to reinvest our leverage into future growth opportunities, creating great value for our shareholders. 
 With that, we'll open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sharon Zackfia, William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: Just one kind of combined question. I don't think inventory flow came up in the prepared comments, so if you could talk about inventory flow within the quarter and how that impacted your sales. And then as we look at the third quarter, are we going to see similar kind of inventory flow constraints? 
John Currie: Inventory flow continues to be what seems to drive our sales. At the start of the quarter, it was a bit choppy, in early May, ticked up and ebbed and flowed through the quarter. In the quarter, July was our strongest month because inventory flow was stronger. And that will always continue to be a very short-term factor within each quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Tennant of lululemon (sic) [Janney Montgomery Scott]. 
Adrienne Tennant: Christine, can you talk about sort of the fashion versus basic, the transition to that, where you are now and sort of where you think -- at what point you think that kind of -- that balance of products will start to be where you want it to be go forward for the longer term? And just really quickly, clarification, John, you said that the 29.5% would be through the end of the year, but then you had made a comment that it was through Q1. Should we also use 29.5% for Q1 and then go back to 36.5% for Q2, 3 and 4 of '13? 
John Currie: No, I'm sorry, I should clarify. This adjustment is ongoing long term. So yes, and I'd only quantify it by saying there's other factors that cause minor fluctuations in our tax rate. Next year -- not that I'm giving next year guidance yet, but income will shift a little bit more towards the U.S., so that 29.5% next year is likely to be more like 30%. But the benefit that we're seeing is ongoing. 
Christine Day: Great. I think to answer your other question, I want to be really, really clear that our first thing that we always do is put the beautiful details into our core basics and technical athletic apparel, and it's that ability to then cross over into the active wear, casual wear and out that we're always looking to do. It's transformable clothing. So I want to be really clear that we aren't shifting the brand to fashion. We -- it's always technical apparel first, and what we believe we do better than anyone in the world is create such beautiful athletic products that it can be used for multipurpose. And it's always that transformability, whether we're doing it in cycling or we're doing it commuting or anything else. What we're always exploring is the way that you make function with beautiful detailing become fashion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad of the ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to follow up on some of the comments from last quarter, and there's a little bit of a shift that we heard on the call last quarter around inventory flow, the supply chain kind of maybe constraining the comps, and shifting the focus of the supply chain and the inventory from chase to innovation. Can you expand on that, 90 days later, how you're thinking about your supply chain and inventory flow, your capabilities around that? And are you still kind of keeping away from that chase model and really looking forward to new technical innovative products? Just kind of give us a broader update on those issues, would be really helpful. 
Christine Day: Great. Thanks, Omar. Our focus on -- has been primarily on consistent great inventory flow. And when we talk about innovation, I want to be really clear that the first innovation that we focus on is in the existing product. And then we do, do other innovation that we're testing, but that's for us, for future growth and concepts, and it's not our primary growth lever. It's even innovation in core and basic product, and it's also the ability to innovate, which we've really been focusing on this last year. And part of the reason we made the decision with chase, not to do as much chase, was we moved from a 10-month calendar to a 9-month calendar, which allows us to time perfectly, bringing the fashion detailing and elements that we see on the runway and the new trends into our stores on a very quick cycle that we believe is a competitive advantage. So that focus and getting that right is part of what we mean when we talk about the word "innovation," used in the general term. So we don't feel like we need to invent new aspects of our business to continue our growth. I want to be really clear about that. What we do and spending our time doing it best in the world is our biggest growth lever. So that and flowing that great product faster and more effectively into our stores has been our #1 focus. So rather than reacting and trying to just get more stuff to meet sales demand, which we believe would be a short-term strategy, that would not position us where strategically we want to be for a brand, long term. There's a cost when you have more stuff, and if you get -- buy the wrong stuff or too much stuff and you tire out the guests where you have to mark it down, that's the cycle we always want to be in a position of avoiding by focusing on reinventing our core product and putting the best product out in the market every season. And that's the difference between what we were doing before, which was a little bit of just chasing stuff, which we could do. But I think long term, that's not the right strategy. 
Omar Saad: And do you have -- do you feel you have the supply chain in place to kind of meet these goals? 
Christine Day: Yes. And our factories because -- I also just want to be clear: We have not opened any new mills. Our current mills are growing with us. And that means they do have new lines and new equipment, and so there's investments that they're making, and they have new employees. And so we want -- we've always been very careful about where their investments are to keep pace with us. And that partnership is really important, and we always forecast, and the numbers that we give are based on their capability and our capability, delivering quality at every step of the way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: Can you maybe just give us an update on ivivva, and what your kind of maybe store growth plans would be for that brand, both in Canada and the U.S.? 
Christine Day: Well, you saw us recently open 5 showrooms in the U.S., and pleased to say they're all doing very well. Very excited about the prospects of ivivva. We're seeing very strong sales per square foot in the concept. But for us, it's still let it perk and grow it. We're not quite ready to pull the trigger because we have some other things that we want to focus on first to grow it, but very, very pleased with where it's coming along. And guest demand is growing, e-commerce sales are growing. So everything is where it should be, and we feel great. The product is really great for fall, by the way, too. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black: I've heard that there's demand for larger sizes. I know you go up to a 12. And I know you phased out the Still Pant, which appeased some customers due to the looser fit. And I wondered what your thoughts were on extending your size ranges for both smaller and larger sizes. 
Christine Day: It was such a mistake to ease out the Still Pant; we've heard that loud and clear. So the Still Pant will be coming back. And reinvented Still Pant will be coming back, Sheree is saying to me. So I think our guests can rest assured we've heard their feedback, and that will be back in the lineup. We are not planning on introducing larger sizes. If you took all of our colors and styles in our size of store and added additional sizes, we just physically cannot put the product in the size stores that we have today. And so that's, for us, the primary reason because there are so many other categories and things that we can focus on with our core guests, that, that's going to continue to be our focus. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Christine, I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit more about your core women's yoga business. It sounds like that -- those businesses are still very much positive comp-ing. And then if you could comment on U.S. versus Canadian comps and any transaction metrics you care to share, that would be great. 
Christine Day: Boy, I'll tell you, we are just continuing to be so pleased at the response to that just basic core yoga business, and it also includes, obviously, the gym fitness studio. From a guest perspective and a consumer perspective, those markets are still growing. And we've been able to grow with them or even drive the growth of those segments based on the product. And we still see, particularly in the States, it is a very technical athletic guest that is purchasing the product. In Canada, because we have a more mature market state, you probably see a little bit more mix with that. There's -- we're still performing very well in both markets, but I'll let John give you the breakdown. 
John Currie: Yes. As we've seen through most of 2011, Canada is solidly comp-ing mid-single digits, which is good for a mature business; the U.S., comp-ing in the mid-20s; Australia actually coming along a little higher than that, about 30%. In terms of transaction metrics, I mean, our comp came pretty much entirely from transactions, a combination of mostly traffic and higher conversion. 
Christine Day: What I think is important, too, is it's not just the comps. The dollar in average sales per square foot increase year-over-year in a store is very huge, which -- and it's driven by transactions, which is more purchases. So guest demand is growing in a very real way. And that's our continued focus is to really drive our core lines of yoga and run with that consumer because that's where the demand is. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about the capsule collection? How is it going? And what do you see is the attributes of success of the capsule collection? And also, just any further updates on the investments in technology and the benefits to margin and inventory flow. 
Sheree Waterson: Hi, this is Sheree. Capsules continue to teach us so much about, as we've said before, new fabrics that we've developed, new types of construction, as we solve problems for athletes in different sports and in different activities. We actually see tremendous benefits that cross over into our yoga and run lines, and that also crosses gender between men and women. So it's been fantastic as a laboratory for our guests and for us to learn. And the other question was? 
Christine Day: Technology cost for John. 
John Currie: Yes, I mean, technology investments, we have one of the busiest IT departments of anyone, probably [ph]. And a lot of the investments we're making are behind the scenes, new data center. We're implementing a new financial system, et cetera. E-commerce sites going live, so very broad-based IT investments. As well, we are investing heavily in supply chain systems. We're in the process of implementing our PLM system, et cetera. But you won't see any near-term impact on gross margin. That's a longer-term benefit that you'll see by 2014. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan of Cowen. 
John Kernan: I wonder if you could provide us an update with the progress of some of the grassroots marketing in Hong Kong and the U.K. Are you feeling any different about your eventual store ramp there? And what type of reads are you getting from the international consumer on your e-commerce platform? And where are you getting the best reads from? 
Christine Day: So we're doing -- maybe I'll start with the second question. We definitely see a strong correlation to our grassroots marketing in driving e-commerce sales. And Australia, where we turned the website on live last quarter, localized to the market to match localized assortment, pricing, has been growing -- matches the same growth rate we saw early on in our U.S. conversion to the website. So very pleased with the results there and how we really were able to sync local pricing, local product with great consumer response in the market. The same thing will be occurring in Hong Kong. We're timing the opening of the second showroom to match the launch of the localized website, so that all of our pricing and offering can match as well. So very excited about that, seeing great demand. We're ready for a store in Hong Kong, to be honest. It's about getting the team ready with the second showroom so that we have enough staff so that we can open. And we'll -- we anticipate being able to talk about that for next year. So great progress in Hong Kong. London, we had both the showroom and we had an athlete's house during the Olympics. We had a lot of activity going on there. We do anticipate planning additional showrooms in the London market. So seeing great response and great crossover to the e-commerce sites. The other things, we are seeding additional markets, which I won't name right now. But we do have activity going on with ambassadors, with yoga events, Yoga Journal conferences in far more markets than that, where we're building our relationships in advance of going in with showrooms. So we feel very confident about our international future and creating desire in these markets. We've had great response from guests, and we do see some classic favorites starting to emerge even in the international markets. So I believe that the product translates beautifully internationally. And we've had to make far fewer adjustments even in Hong Kong to size and other layering systems or fabrics. We seem to be able to do it beautifully with the product that we have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Christine, if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the process issues or constraints you're having in the first quarter, and if resolution to those issues are largely behind you, and if the innovation level was actually higher than you thought it might be in the second quarter. And, John, if you could talk about the DTC channel representing a lower percentage of the revenue mix than it has in the past, and how we should be thinking about that going forward, and if there were any constraints to that channel's business in the second quarter. And lastly, for Sheree, I've noticed that the accessory and headwear and underwear components of the assortments seem to be increasing. I'm wondering how the -- how your success has been in these categories, and what we should be thinking about in terms of those categories growing going forward. 
Christine Day: So when you say process constraints, you mean because we oversold when we were catching up in the quarter... 
Janet Kloppenburg: Well, I think you were -- yes, you talked about maybe some overbought areas and underbought areas, and you weren't able to get back into color the way you wanted to for the quarter. It seemed to me that there was a lot of color in the store and that the color increased as the quarter unfolded. 
Christine Day: Yes. I think what you're seeing is a much more -- so I think the focus was really for the back half of the year in terms of getting back to really investing in product. The first half of the year, you saw us do more color, but probably not as much detailing and style innovation as we would really have liked to have done in the line. And you'll see that really coming out in the fall and winter drops that are just coming up. So it takes a while for that to get to the markets, so just to talk about those expectations. So yes, you did see more color coming through throughout the first half of the year and particularly into fall. We've got some great color in the store right now. So what you also saw was better flow of product and less airfreight, so we are being able to, on a more normalized basis, drop the product to our desired cadence. We're still not all the way to where want to be. We still believe that we can optimize that and continue to improve it, but we've made a lot of progress in the stores, in smoothing deliveries with using things like late-night drops and early morning. So we're getting more flexibility from our supply chains, that the stores can get the product to the floor faster, which has been a focus of ours, getting ourselves ready for the holiday season and for next year. So we've learned a lot this year about how to do it within normal kind of daily process. So I think we've made good process -- progress. Some of the systems implementations we've done have also helped to make the work of our merchants and allocators easier, and we'll continue to do work in that space as well. So I think I've answered your first 2. I'll let John do direct to consumer and Sheree do accessories. 
John Currie: Yes. And in terms of direct to consumer, as I said, it's about 12.5% of revenue in Q2, which was right in line with our expectations. Q2 and, to some extent, Q3 tend to be the lowest penetration. It's difficult comparing to last year because remember, the end of Q1 last year, we did the transition away from a third-party site, so looking at year-over-year trends is very difficult to find meaningful. So going forward, Q4 will be the strongest in terms of e-commerce penetration. And we're still looking at e-commerce rising from -- last year overall for the year, we were about 11%. We expect it to be between 14% and 15% of overall revenue this year. 
Sheree Waterson: Okay. And now to accessories, the fun part. Accessories is a focus and our focus here is to create the most beautiful, functional products in this area. So I'm going to start with underwear first because underwear is an important part of the functional layering system. And we're looking at better construction technologies to have invisible undergarments that are completely non-chafing, wicking and so on and so forth. So that business is actually -- we're focusing on that in terms of technologies. And that's in both men's and women's, by the way. Headwear, we noted that there is an opportunity for share in caps and so on, and we continued to see women's headwear just outperform our plans. So there's a lot of demand there for things that are functional and beautiful again. And in terms of bags, I don't know if you've seen our women's bags on the floor right now, but I think they're the best that we've ever done there. The details... 
Janet Kloppenburg: Yes, and the prices are terrific. 
Sheree Waterson: Isn't it great? 
Janet Kloppenburg: Yes, it's great. 
Sheree Waterson: Yes, it blows me away. I owe -- I own all 3 of the women's bags on the floor right now. But in terms of what we're doing with that category going forward, we're innovating in terms of construction -- some fantastic construction that you're going to see going forward that's no-sew. And we're also innovating in men's bags. So we have a new head of our men's creative who has -- who's an athlete himself with a fantastic taste level. So one thing that you're going to be looking at is men's bags that women want, too. Great crossover. So real vibrant in terms of our innovation and our focus on accessories. 
Christine Day: And scarves, [indiscernible] enough of our Vinyasa Scarves and other scarves in stock. 
Sheree Waterson: Right. And then the final note here is in terms of the ultimate piece of equipment for yoga, which is our mat. Our mat architecture, we're continuing to innovate. And it will be fully expressed by Q1 of 2013. There's a couple of new mats that we're going to be introducing that are killer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: You guys have discussed pulling back on chase in the second and third quarters and then some potential opportunity for revenue upside in the fourth quarter. John, can you just talk about how you're thinking about inventory flows going into the fourth quarter, and if you'll be there yet in terms of having enough product to meet demand. 
John Currie: Yes, and we do feel like we'll have the right amount of product, whatever that is. There's never the perfect answer. As we've said, we're not chasing even into Q4, so we should have lower airfreight. And we're trying to strike the right balance between ending up with not enough inventory, which is not a good answer, versus what a lot of retailers do is go big and end up with too much and then there's markdowns, et cetera. So we may be leaving some demand on the table through this year, but we'd rather do that than end up being over-inventoried going into next year. 
Christine Day: And as usual, we've also worked very strongly to make sure we have a strong entry point into Q1, which gives us a little bit of flexibility. But we're very cautious not to oversell Q4 and set up Q1 for a disappointment. So it's that right cadence that we can execute consistently that we're looking to deliver. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Chen of Wedbush. 
Betty Chen: I was wondering, Christine, if you can talk a little bit more about that calendar you mentioned earlier, on how the team has sort of shortened it to 9 versus 10 months. Is this the optimal level that you would like to see it? Or would you like to further narrow the calendar? And then secondarily, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the men's business. I know you mentioned earlier, Sheree, that you're very pleased with the men's bags. How did you feel about the apparel business overall, as well? 
Sheree Waterson: I'll answer the last one first because it's the one I can remember. The men's business is great. In fact, the growth is slightly outpacing women's. It's on a much smaller base, however. Right now, with the men's team that we have, you'll notice that the ethos of the line is changing to be more modern, and there's a greater variety of fit in the bottoms. And you will continue to see more innovation in technical tops that don't look technical. So we're very bullish and looking forward to a great men's business that we're growing. The 9-month calendar, is it the optimal? It's part of the optimal answer. So we went from 10.5 months to 9 months, and the reason that we did that is so that we can completely hindsight a season before we begin the next. And obviously, common sense would tell you that the wisdom that we gain by hindsight-ing a quarter greatly gives us an advantage as we design into the following year. But true success is really predicated by multiple supply chains, and it's our ability to be able to service our core business, which is something that we'll be carrying locker stock on with our vendors overseas, so that we are always prepared to deliver in a couple weeks' notice to a quick response model. That is something that we will be planning certain base clause [ph] that we can respond to, and our 9.5-month calendar. So it's really the aggregate of several supply chains that gives us a competitive advantage. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer of UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: First, I just wanted to ask about your comp guidance, low to mid-teens for third quarter. So a little bit higher, I think, than it had been prior. And I'm just wondering if you're able to give us some commentary on how the quarter is starting out, and what the trends have looked like versus July. And then secondly, just wondering if you could point out any mix shifts that are occurring year-over-year, new categories that you're investing in more deeply into the back half than you did last year. 
John Currie: Okay, so let me take the first part of that. As I said, we ended Q2 strongly. July was our strongest month in the quarter. Once again, we're looking at the flow within the quarter. To be honest, not that I give monthly comps, but August started off quite strong, but we know we're going to be a little bit lighter than we'd like to be in October. So those are the factors coming into our guidance. Sorry, what was the second question? 
Christine Day: Mix shift and new categories. Sheree can take that. 
Sheree Waterson: For Q4, what we'll be seeing is we're capitalizing on some of the success that we had last year. So we'll be going into a category that's lightweight tuffies [ph], which we called "what the fluff?" And for men, it will be "fluff off [ph]." And yes, just thought I'd give you that little preview there. And we're also capitalizing on some of the warm wear business that we have with running luon and our tech fleece and so on and so forth. So those categories will be, you'll see, will be very strong. 
Christine Day: They're gorgeous. 
Sheree Waterson: They are gorgeous. 
Christine Day: We just were looking at the prototypes yesterday. So be prepared to shop in January. That's all I can say... 
Sheree Waterson: Absolutely. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss of Crédit Suisse. 
Christian Buss: I guess -- I would love for you to explain a little bit more detail, sort of where the incremental SG&A spending is going. It looks like you're on track to spend about $100 million incrementally this year. If you could help us bucket that, I would really appreciate it. 
John Currie: Okay. I mean, I don't have a detailed breakdown of the year in front of me. But just looking at Q2, the increase, as I said -- it was about $8 million to $10 million -- is simply store-based labor and operating cost based on new stores, higher volumes, et cetera. Investments in our e-commerce platform -- again, we brought the platform in-house last year. We've actually hired -- we've got our own ATG development office that we've opened down in the San Francisco area. So we're internally doing the work to upgrade that system to go live with new international sites, et cetera. The investment, even during Q2, was between $4 million and $5 million in that area. And then the rest, I mean, there's a lot of -- as I mentioned earlier, there's numerous IT initiatives going on, everything from a new data center to various systems going live, et cetera. 
Christine Day: New POS systems. 
John Currie: POS upgrade, et cetera. And that's the biggest part of that -- the bucket of increased spend in the Store Support Centre. And then a lot of -- probably spend a couple million in -- just in terms of the background work in preparing for international expansion, whether it's setting up our legal structure, distribution networks, making sure we're compliant, et cetera. A lot of stuff going on in the background there. And that will continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Quintiliano of Oppenheimer. 
Pamela Quintiliano: So just in the prepared comments, you quickly touched on that one product that bled. Can you talk about what actually happened there, how you were able to quickly adjust it, and why you view it as an isolated incident? 
Christine Day: Primarily for us, it was the bright neons, which are very difficult to put on fabric, and we pushed the color limits pretty intently. So we did have bleeding with Paris Pink and a couple of small isolated issues, which were very hard for us to track down, in a couple of other colors that were also bright neons that came in the second quarter. So because we want to strategically continue to push the envelope with bright colors, we did bring in a color expert who's done an amazing job, and we've learned a lot of great new tricks from him, so we're actually very excited about even new capabilities. So the silver lining in having an issue with Paris Pink was that it created actually more opportunity for us. And so by changing some simple rinse agents and a couple of other things that we've worked on with the manufacturers and the mills, we feel very comfortable now with the product and being able to do our strategic intent, which is push colors and maintain quality. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Morris of BMO Capital Markets. 
John Morris: Christine, we've talked a little bit about fourth quarter, the approach, what you're looking at. I'm thinking -- I want to ask the question really from the perspective of holiday, the opportunities that you see with respect to that timing of the year, in holiday. Are you going to be doing anything differently this year from a marketing perspective to capture the customers at that point? And where do you see the opportunities, in particular, for holiday? And then maybe for John also, just touch on any regional performance patterns or reads that you've seen coming out of the quarter in terms of geographic performance. But I'm also thinking about size of market, your performance in some of the secondary areas compared to the overall core in averages. 
Christine Day: I think our focus is -- we don't do gift-giving and we don't do, like, special promotions, discounts, whatever. That's not our MO, and we don't do big advertising. What we need to do better than any anyone else in the world is get our product into our stores. And what I'm so excited about in looking at the protos of the line that's coming in for holiday and beyond is we have some incredible outerwear layering system crossover pieces that will be really delivered for the holiday season, so these great running pants that can also be used for cross-country skiing. These -- Sheree mentioned the names, but if you saw the style and detailing behind the "what the fluff?" jackets and how they can be used for running, outerwear, things like cross-country skiing or active outerwear, just being out and about. These -- they're beautiful. They're incredible. The amount of transformability, which is what we always focus on, it's the best I've seen. Chip said this was the best line he's ever seen us do. So we are very excited about the product that we have dropping and our effort to innovate and bring beautiful style into function. And that's our holiday plan. 
John Currie: And in terms of regional performance, in terms of comps, I mean, I'm looking at a breakdown throughout the regions in the U.S., and the numbers are all strong. I'd say the only standouts are some of the newer markets, the Tennessees, the Southeast, where we are newer to the market, and the comps there are, as you'd expect, even higher than the overall average. But again, U.S., we comp-ed about 25%. Canada, fairly consistent, the standout there being Eastern Canada, where again we're a little bit newer to that market than the rest of the country. But generally, comps across the board, pretty strong without any real regional differences. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Nomura. 
Paul Lejuez: A couple of quick ones, just mall versus street locations. Also curious about average ticket online versus in-store. And then just bigger picture, John, starting to build -- or, Christine, just starting to build a nice healthy cash balance in the balance sheet, just wondering if it's time to start thinking about doing something with that, that might be considered shareholder friendly. 
John Currie: Okay. Street versus mall, I assume you're -- I don't know if you're talking about existing stores' performance or new stores. 
Paul Lejuez: I'll take both. 
John Currie: Okay. Two-part. 
Christine Day: Number two. 
John Currie: Yes, again, there's not really a difference in terms of trend and comp in street versus mall. And as we look at new stores, again, I don't have the exact breakdown, but we're going into a lot of new markets and a lot of them are more street-based markets. So there's... 
Christine Day: And lifestyle. 
John Currie: Yes, there's a bit of a shift towards more street and lifestyle versus mall. But that's just the evolution of how we build out markets. In terms of average order value online versus stores, actually the average order value is a little higher online. It's somewhere close to about 130 this quarter, whereas in the stores it's low 100s. And I think your last question was cash. And it's true. We do -- with a strong business model, we're -- we continue to accumulate cash. We have been selectively, as I've mentioned, investing. And we bought the head office building last year, which was a great thing because it gives us certainty in terms of where we're going to live for a while. Opportunistically, we will buy store locations where it's a great location, where we know we want to be forever. So as I said, we bought the Newbury Street store, and there's a couple of other possibles coming up. But that really doesn't address your question because we still are accumulating cash. And as I've said before, we're a high-growth company. There's still lots of opportunity to be using that cash to fuel our ongoing growth, especially as we go international, in addition to making sure that we always have a strong cushion in the event of any economic downturn. But longer term, there's certainly no aversion to returning cash to shareholders at the right time. 
Christine Day: And I just want to supplement one thing in the mall versus street from a strategy perspective. We have focused on only being in very strong malls. We've had a real estate strategy of not bundling or taking weaker malls, and we go to life centers or streets, which allow us to really drive our business through community. So I think compared to other retailers, we don't see the variability when you have either low occupancy or vacancies in malls or lower traffic drops in B malls. Because we're only in those stronger malls, we tend to perform very consistently there, and we can do a lot more in our own street and community business to drive traffic in local communities. So the strength of our real estate strategy drives the strength of our business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy of Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Jim Duffy: Couple of questions, John. The tax rate, is that reflective of a cash tax rate? Or is that for reporting purposes only? And then I was wondering if you could share some perspective on new store productivity metrics. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, that is both reported and cash tax. I mean, there's always some minor variations, but this adjustment and the ongoing impact is both cash and reported. In terms of new store performance, as I've been saying the last few quarters, we're opening a lot of new stores in new markets and thrilled that we're opening them, over the last year, at about 1,100 a square foot. I think this quarter, as we looked at stores open less than a year, tracked them against the comp base, they're tracking the equivalent of about 1,150 a square foot. So new stores continue to perform very strong and then comp up strongly after that. 
Jim Duffy: Christine, can you speak to the progress you're making with regionalized merchandising initiatives? 
Christine Day: Definitely as we become more sophisticated in our planning and allocation, getting the right product to the right store is always a focus, particularly seasonally. And I think that, really, you'll see our efforts in that really kick in for next year, making sure that we use our advanced allocation system that will help us get right product at the right time, plus time the drops and adjust for weather a little better than we have in the current year and years past. 
Operator: The final question comes from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. 
Erika Maschmeyer: I just want to -- I just wanted to follow up on ivivva, if you could talk about some of the recent learnings you've had and kind of what you're looking for before a further rollout, and if that could be in the cards for next year. And then how you feel about your inventory levels for the lululemon e-commerce business. It seems like the assortment is somewhat limited versus where you might want to be in the stores. Is that the right read? And if so, how much money do you think you might still be leaving on the table there? 
Christine Day: Well, I'm just answering the second one first is, I don't know that I believe -- our e-comm levels of inventory are great. We definitely see, as we've had more color, they're intended to drop for a week only. So if you don't -- or like 3 weeks only. If you don't buy pretty quickly, then you're not going to get them, and that's actually by design. So that's not an inventory level issue. That's a strategy, as part of our scarcity, so that we aren't putting everybody in the same outfit, that there is a limited availability of certain styles and colors. And that's our model. So those aren't inventory challenges. That's the model at work and working beautifully to sell the majority of our products at full price. And that's how our model works. So I wouldn't want to be -- I wouldn't call those inventory problems. That's brand strategy. And your second one for ivivva, what are we looking for? It's really about building the team. We just had the leader of the team go on leave. And so we've had Paul Zaengle, our head of e-commerce, take over the team, and he's doing a great job. He's rolled out the showrooms and brought even, I think, a better leadership and business discipline to the business. So really pleased with how that transition has gone. And we just need to give him some time to get the brand and the business and know it, so that he can lead it into the future expansion. So it's really just the timing for us. From an economics perspective, we're very pleased from a growing brand desire. But it's always our desire to grow organically and be pulled into the market rather than do things that would push. And so it's the more authentic, true belonging that we're looking for with our consumer, even our young woman that purchases at ivivva. We're seeing great product loyalty, and we're going to continue to work on getting those great pieces. And we've seen some feedback over the line people want us to bring back. We got very dance-focused, which has been great. But we've had a lot of people come and ask us for the product that was more broader in use, and so you'll see us bring a little bit more of that back in into the next few seasons because the demand is really there. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of KeyBanc. 
Edward Yruma: John, this intercompany purchase agreement change, does it just relate to tax? Or are there other implications across the P&L? 
John Currie: There are no other implications across the P&L because it really is just internal. It's the way we transfer inventory from one of our subsidiaries to others. So it's really just a tax impact from an income statement point of view. 
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Christine Day for any closing remarks. 
Christine Day: I want to thank everyone for joining us and hope you have a great fall. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-06-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q1 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Ms. Therese Hayes. You may begin. 
Therese Hayes: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on the first quarter 2012 conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of lululemon's website at www.lululemon.com, or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission's website at sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days on the Investor Relations section of the website.
 Hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. Sheree Waterson, our Chief Product officer will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. [Operator Instructions].
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Therese. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter results. We have started off the year with another strong quarter. While every call, John and I speak to our financial achievements, we are equally aware of our broader goals to create leaders in the world, to elevate our ambassadors and the ongoing commitment of the entire team, from our factories to our stores, to deliver high-quality, innovative product and an excellent guest experience that makes it all possible. Before I go any further, I want to recognize everyone at lululemon for once again coming together to achieve these excellent results.
 Our investment in increased inventory levels led to strong growth in earnings performance in the first quarter, as our guests responded well to our spring styles. You will recall that in the first quarter of last year, we were very light in inventory, as a result of having oversold in the fourth quarter of the prior year. One of our key goals for 2011 was to balance our inventory to meet demand in order to focus our resources on innovation versus chasing product. We announced during our last call that we entered 2012 with a strong inventory position to break the cycle of chase. This translated into a 53% increase in revenue to $285.7 million. 
 We are excited about our new store openings, as each of these was unique and special for the individual communities. In the first quarter, this included the opening of our first store in Salt Lake City, Utah, where they celebrated with a big party, including 150 of the community's top fitness supporters, ambassadors, friends and family. The second store to open in the first quarter was in the historic district of downtown Milwaukee. 
 The opening weekend festivities included an ambassador breakfast on Friday morning and yoga demos all week. Over the course of the weekend, guests arrived from all over Wisconsin, including a group of women that rented a bus to travel from Green Bay, 2 hours away, to join us for the opening festivities. The team in Tampa held a roaring 20s-themed speakeasy party to celebrate our Hyde Park Village store opening and we opened Boston's Newbury Street, complete with Acro Yogis performing from an apparatus strung from the exposed beams in the store. And we were thrilled when our ambassadors surprised the team the following morning with breakfast to thank them for a very special night. 
 We continually strive for the right balance between delivering strong growth and our market leader focus on quality, innovation and execution. An example of this innovation is in the capsules we are introducing throughout 2012. Based on the past success of our capsules, both from the guest response and our learnings, we have increased the cadence from 2 to 3 a year to 8 for 2012, which is consistent with our objective to plant seeds for our long-term growth. The impact of this innovation, small production runs, new fabric and technologies, the hits and misses are already built into our gross margin model. 
 Throughout 2012, we are seeding international markets. Our London showroom opened in April and is off to a great start, hosting weekly yoga classes with 25 to 30 participants, building relationships in the community and already performing better than the average of our U.S. showrooms. We expect to open the second Hong Kong showroom at the end of the third quarter.
 We successfully launched the Australian e-Commerce site on May 17, so our Australian guests will have an online assortment in pricing that is specific to them and most importantly, they receive their order quicker than ever before. This new website allows our stores to be even more connected and accessible to our local community. As announced previously, we also plan to launch country-specific web pages in the U.K. and Hong Kong this year. 
 The behind the scenes work on our international expansion and legal structures, logistics, IT systems, local labor laws, onboarding strategies and product compliance, assortment and distribution planning continue. We know from our country visits that market demand is growing and we are selecting our top priority markets now. 
 To support this growth, we need to continue to invest in people and systems. We have a number of large IT infrastructure programs underway to optimize multiple supply chains, provide cross-channel visibility and ensure that we have the flexibility to make, move and sell product globally. Last quarter, we announced 2 key hires, Laura Klauberg, SVP Brand and Community, previously a top Executive at Unilever; and Paul Zaengle, our new SVP of Global Digital Commerce, formerly of Columbia Sportswear and Ralph Lauren. Both of them are completing their onboarding, including visiting our showrooms, completing store shifts and participating in executive team building. And we look forward to having them here full-time in Vancouver, as we expand the business and the brand in new directions.
 On a closing note, we host our inaugural half marathon event, the SeaWheeze, on August 11, here in beautiful Vancouver, B.C. And we are now only about 200 short of our sell-out capacity of 7,500 participants. This will be my first half marathon, and I would love to have you join me. So register online quickly if you want to join our party. 
 And with that, I'm going to turn it over to John to go through the numbers. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our first quarter 2012, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the second quarter and the full year of fiscal 2012.
 So for the first quarter, total net revenue was $285.7 million, an increase of 53% over the first quarter of 2011. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 25% on a constant dollar basis. The additions since Q1 of 2011 of 27 net new corporate-owned stores in the U.S. plus the 4 franchise stores that we reacquired last year, 4 ivivva stores in Canada and 6 stores in Australia and 1 in New Zealand. Direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by $24.7 million or 179%, and offsetting this was the impact of foreign exchange, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $1.8 million or 0.9%.
 During the quarter, we opened 4  lululemon stores in the U.S. and 2 ivivva stores in Canada. We ended the quarter with 180 total stores versus 142 a year ago, including 19 stores in Australia and New Zealand. There are now 127 stores in our comp base, 41 of those in Canada, including 2 ivivva, 75 in the United States and 11 in Australia. Corporate-owned stores represented 80.1% of total revenue or $228.8 million versus 83.6% or $156.2 million in the first quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $38.4 million or 13.5% of total revenue versus $13.8 million or 7.4% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes wholesale showrooms, outlets and until last year, franchise stores, totaled $18.5 million or 6.4% of revenue for the first quarter versus $16.8 million or 9% of revenue for the first quarter of last year.
 Gross profit for the first quarter was $157.3 million or 55% of net revenue compared to $109.7 million or 58.7% of net revenue in Q1 2011. The factors that contributed to this 370 basis point decrease in gross margin were: A prior-year favorable nonrecurring adjustment of 140 basis points, which related to recognizing certain input tax credits; product margin decline of 340 basis points due to increases in labor and raw material costs due to product innovation, function, garment complexity, as well as inflation; and a more normalized rate of markdowns as a result of more balanced inventory levels. These were partially offset by leverage on occupancy and depreciation, which contributed 110 basis points of improvement.
 SG&A expenses were $84.2 million or 29.4% of net revenue compared to $58 million or 31% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 45.1% SG&A dollar increase was due to an increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms and growth at existing locations; an increase in store support center costs, including salaries, professional fees, management incentive-based compensation and stock-based compensation. We continue to make investments in building our pipeline, infrastructure and operational capabilities to drive long-term growth. And as well, an increase in non-store occupancy and depreciation. 
 As a percentage of revenue, our first quarter SG&A gained 160 basis points of leverage due primarily to our e-Commerce business, as we significantly lowered operating cost as a percentage of sales by in-sourcing our strategic platform. As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $73.1 million or 25.6% of net revenue compared with $51.7 million or 27.7% of net revenue in 2011.
 Tax expense for the quarter was $27 million or a tax rate of 36.5% compared to $19.1 million or a tax rate of 36.3% in the first quarter of 2011. 
 Net income for the quarter was $46.6 million or $0.32 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $33.4 million or $0.23 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2011. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.7 million versus 144.9 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $12.7 million for the quarter compared with $74.8 million in the first quarter of 2011, which included the purchase of our store support center for $65.1 million. We ended the quarter with $424.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Inventory at the end of the quarter was $107.7 million, 67% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2011. Excluding higher product in transit, on-hand inventory unit growth of approximately 30% is consistent with our expected forward sales and will support the growth for new stores, higher same-store sales and our e-Commerce channel.
 This leads me to our outlook for the second quarter of 2012 and the full year. For the remainder of 2012, on a net basis, our guidance remains basically unchanged. So incorporating our stronger Q1 results, we've increased our revenue guidance for the year to be in the range of $1.32 billion to $1.34 billion. This guidance assumes a lower Canadian dollar at $0.97 to the U.S. dollar versus par in our previous guidance. With the reduction in revenue on currency translation, offset by slightly higher store productivity and e-Commerce performance. We anticipate we'll open a total of up to 35 corporate-owned stores, plus 2 outlets in 2012. Revenue upside opportunity is limited until Q4, as we have focused our product team on innovation for the future in favor of chasing near-term revenue dollars.
 We continue to expect gross margin for the year right around our stated long-term goal of 55%. As discussed on the last call, we expect to be below 55% through Q3 and above in Q4 due to leverage on the higher holiday volumes. We expect to leverage SG&A slightly for the year, driven by leverage in Q1 during which we still had not cycled the transition to our ATG e-Commerce platform, which occurred in late Q1 of 2011 and also due to leverage on higher volumes in Q4. 
 As a result, we expect our fiscal 2012 earnings per share to be approximately $1.55 to $1.60. This is based on a tax rate of 36.5% and 146 million weighted average shares outstanding. Within this full year guidance, we anticipate Q2 revenue to be in the range of $273 million to $278 million. This is based on a comparable store sales percentage increase in the low-double digits on a constant dollar basis compared with the second quarter of 2011. Again, our outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.97 to the U.S. dollar compared to $1.03 in Q2 of 2011. We plan to open 7 lululemon stores in the U.S. and 1 in Australia during the second quarter. 
 As I've just mentioned, we expect gross margin to be below 55% in Q2. We expect some gross margin decline versus the second quarter of 2011, driven primarily by the same reasons experienced in Q1, higher product cost due to innovation, construction and more normalized markdowns due to balanced inventory levels. This will be partially offset by leverage on occupancy and depreciation.  
 During the second quarter, we expect to deleverage slightly on SG&A as a percentage of revenue or over the second quarter of 2011. We continue to invest in initiatives that drive capability in our supply chain and infrastructure, leadership, guest experience and growth. Assuming a tax rate of 36.5% and 145.7 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.30.
 We expect capital expenditures to be between $80 million and $85 million for fiscal 2012, reflecting new store buildouts, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital. This amount could potentially increase, if we meet success in an initiative underway to acquire or build our own retail street stores to control our occupancy in key strategic locations. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thanks, John. I just want to reiterate that we are exactly where we want to be, balancing our long-term growth, innovation and execution and that our business fundamentals remain strong. With that, we're going to open it up to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: So a few questions. I think, John, you said something on the order of the expectations that you have for the rest of the year essentially unchanged. Obviously, I think you're second quarter guidance was a little bit below what The Street expected. Just curious if you're seeing anything, so far, in the second quarter that we should maybe be concerned about. And then secondarily, on the capsules, I think, there has been anxiety in the market as they've seen more of the risk you've been taking on the other product. And if you can help us understand how those capsules evolve over time, how you analyze them into potentially becoming permanent parts of the collection going forward and how we, on the outside, can really view those and kind of analyze the hits or misses as you mentioned, Christine. 
John Currie: Okay. I mean, on the guidance for the balance of the year, as Christine mentioned, we're basically right on plan for the year. The cadence quarter-to-quarter, of course, I hadn't given guidance on quarterly revenue previously. So our Q2 guidance is really consistent with where we expect it to be, and we feel good about the way the business is running right now. Capsules? 
Christine Day: Yes. On the capsules, we feel they're doing exactly what we want them to do and we had planned for the impact of those capsules throughout the year. The 2 that have dropped, which are swim and the commuter line. On swim, we learned a lot about the technical manufacturing of swim. And while we think there were some things that were overall successes and that were really great, we learned a few things about fit and function and fabric, as we constructed those swimsuits. So we had great guest response to them, but we also, I think, learned some things technically. And the beauty of capsules and why we've deployed this strategy, is so that we don't make big buys in new categories and then have huge markdowns or place big bets. So these are small controlled bets, onetime, where we take the learnings, always looking for that anchor piece that we can take forward. On the commuter capsule, that was very successful. We learned a lot about some great pieces in that commuter capsule, but we felt like we made a little bit of an issue with the buy there, doing it a little deeper than we should have for a capsule and pulled that back. So the learnings that we take from one to the next, I think, are great. We tried some new fabrics, so those are things that will compress our margin in the short term. But we also can translate some of those learnings to other product lines. Sheree, do you want to add anything? 
Sheree Waterson: All done. 
Christine Day: Okay. So I think we feel that we got some great learnings about the bikes. And also, I want to be clear that we don't just maybe test something once, something like the cycling could repeat and we will come back later in the year with some additional tests. So we feel it's a very controlled way to manage our long-term growth opportunities, and it's the right thing as a market leader to continue to innovate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Tennant with Janney Capital. 
Adrienne Tennant: Christine, my first question is, can you talk about the macro environment, Canada versus U.S. versus Australia, which of those, as you look into the back half of the year, are you planning for largely those to be similar, worse or better in each of those markets? And then for John, can you talk about low double-digit positive, I'm assuming the debt by definition, 10% to 12%. It's a deceleration from the first quarter trend, so can you give us any color on how you exited the first quarter? And typically, I'm assuming that you give that guidance based on what you're currently seeing, if that's the case. 
Christine Day: I think market-by-market, we feel optimistic about each one of those markets. And while we have sometimes day-to-day choppiness, we know it's more related at this point to our product flow and timing of deliveries. We hear a lot of noise in the macro market. I think, like other retailers, we're going to control what we can control. We've always been disciplined planners, looking at upside and downside, and I feel we're well poised to manage through anything. And John and I are professional worriers, so we always will look at that and have our contingency plans. But at this point, we don't see anything that, as we've stated in our guidance, that's going to change our outlook for the year. 
John Currie: In terms of the Q2 comp, remember, the Q1 -- part of our ability to hit a 25 comp in Q1 was because we were so under inventoried the year ago. So one thing to remember is Q2 and the balance of the year is getting to a tougher compare. But beyond that, again, it's really product flow. Again, and in terms of comp, last year, was very up and down. And so the comp, month-to-month, week-to-week and quarter-to-quarter is a function of what we saw a year ago. But in general, the strong comp in Q1, more modest for the mid part of the year. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we deliberately chose to not have our product team dedicate a lot of time to chasing inventory, to catch every last dollar of revenue. They're really much more focused on innovation this year. And so, as I said, the ability to have higher opportunity in product is really back ended to Q4. 
Adrienne Tennant: Okay. Did you see any March, April Easter shift impact or you don't? 
Christine Day: I think that was harder for us to tell because our delivery cycle and what we were anniversary-ing. If you remember last year, our biggest chase dropped, the end of Q1, beginning of Q2, and we oversold a little bit more than we planned in Q1. So I think, could that have been a little bit of it, yes. But I think separating that from our own cadence of product flow for us at this time, is just noise. I don't think it was anything significant. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to follow up on the kind of the strategy around product innovation versus inventory chase. What kind of opportunities are you seeing there on the innovation side? And in terms of resources and allocating resources, both kind of capital and human, and how does that work internally where you're kind of shifting the focus in terms of replenishing and chasing the inventory, as opposed to really focusing on developing innovative new products, new areas and new categories? Can you maybe dive into that question a little bit because it seems like somewhat of a shift from maybe the last couple quarters? 
Christine Day: I think it's a shift from last year, Omar. And what we learned in last year when we were so heavily in chase, as we stated in prior calls, what we started to get a little concerned about was when a you over order what you can get versus what you know the consumer needs, there's a brand cost to that. And so chasing any dollar might produce something in the short term. But longer term, making sure that we have the quality, that we have the right amount of scarcity, that we're innovating what's needed as a market leader from a brand and long-term growth story is a position we'd rather be in, rather than if we chase an extra amount of pink when yellow is what's needed, we really just create, in our opinion, future markdowns and destroy the brand. So we're always looking at that. Now, are we doing no chase? Absolutely not. Are we doing as much as we did the year before? No. We believe our buys are solid. We're planning for a great Q4 and Q1. And we've always been committed to quality, because the other thing we don't want to run into is we're doing -- and innovation just isn't capsules and pods, its new fabrics, its blending fabrics on garments. And that requires more complexity and more construction. So we want to make sure that quality is always what we're doing well, because those are the long-term fundamentals our brand was built upon. So we're smart about chase and balancing that with growth and innovation and our ability to execute the brand that we know the consumer wants us to be. 
Omar Saad: And John, does this have an impact on the balance sheets? The inventory levels? Should we see those come down as a result of this? 
John Currie: No. I mean, the inventory level we're at, in terms of compared to forward sales is appropriate. So inventory levels should be in that same balance for the rest of the year or at least through to Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: John, I wanted to flesh out this innovation comment just a bit more. It sounds like it may constrain comps on the core business, perhaps help you read the acceptance of new product or new technical fabrics or styling, maybe you could talk a little bit about that, or Christine. Also, I'm wondering about sales metrics in the quarter. Change in AUR, change in traffic, conversion levels, et cetera. Also, the e-Commerce business came in much higher than I expected, and I'm wondering if there's a trade-off there with comps. And lastly, Sheree, can you talk to us about the capsules? I think you're adding maybe 6 this year and when we might see those flow in. 
John Currie: That was a lot of questions in one. I'll answer them quick. It makes it hard to remember what the first one was. 
Janet Kloppenburg: I'll go. The first one was if the innovation is hurting comps and that -- overall comps because of core product being perhaps below where it has been. 
John Currie: Yes. I wouldn't say innovation is constraining comps. I mean, we're -- again, we're not scrambling and chasing further upside. But the buy of our core in key styles is appropriate for the level of business we expect, and the innovation is just where we're dedicating those additional efforts. Conversion AUR, pricing, I guess what we saw in the quarter, most of the comp came from traffic with strong higher conversion and slightly higher average basket. 
Christine Day: Which mainly was driven by more complexity in the garment and not... 
John Currie: And it's also slight increase in units per transaction as well. 
Christine Day: Yes. 
John Currie: Yes. E-Commerce, as you say, I mean it's tremendous growth there at 179% over last year, and that channel definitely has tremendous momentum, came in at 13.5% of overall revenue, which matched Q4, which was actually a pleasant upside surprise because traditionally, seasonally, Q1 and Q2 e-Commerce is a lower percent of total. So e-Commerce definitely outperformed. We don't include that in our comp base, of course. But it is something to keep in mind when you're looking at overall sales growth. 
Janet Kloppenburg: And on the capsules? 
Sheree Waterson: And on the capsules, so coming up in June, August and October, we have cycling, commute and spin, respectively. And that also for November, we have a bar capsule coming up. And for December, we are going deeper into one of our warm wear capsules, which was lightweight and mid-weight puffies along with running luon separate for layering. And then in January, gym and crossfit, so a training capsule for back-to-gym. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: John, I wanted to know if you could help us with the relative spread in comps between the U.S. and Canada. And secondarily, if you look out into the second half of the year, do you have any product cost, any lower product cost opportunities? Or are you seeing the innovation cycle just continuing to raise your cost of goods sold? 
John Currie: Okay. We don't specifically breakout comps or performance between country, but consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. Canada, even though you'd think it's a mature business, comped in the mid-double digits and the U.S. was comping in the mid-30s. So yes, pretty strong in both regions comparable to the maturity of the business. In terms of lower product costs later in the year, I think certainly after Q2, any inflation that was really -- that we started seeing a year or so ago, is going to be reflected in our product costs. But I think as you mentioned, I would say, continued innovation using new fabrics, new construction is likely to offset any cost relief that we might otherwise see in it. And again, we're maintaining sort of a 55% gross margin target for the year. And that reflects the impact of the innovation that we're doing. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I think strategically using our very strong gross margin to continue to create a long-term brand success story is the right thing to do. 
Operator: Our next question from Paul Lejuez with Nomura. 
Paul Lejuez: I'm just wondering if you could talk about the weather during the quarter, if you think that the warm weather helped you pull sales forward. Also, wondering what sort of e-Com increases you're assuming for the rest of the year because it doesn't seem like, based on your guidance, that you'd be assuming a similar rate of increase in 1Q -- as 1Q, so I'm just curious what's baked in. And then last, John, maybe you could expand a little bit about one of the last comments you made on your prepared remarks about maybe buying some stores, what are you thinking there? 
Christine Day: Yes. I'll do the weather one. We, like anybody, would be subject to extreme weather patterns like huge floods or closing or whatever. But on a day-to-day basis or overall seasonal basis, we don't seem to be as tied. We are much more tied to our product flow. Now could there been a little pull forward as we started hearing other people talk about that, we kind of looked at it. We feel our businesses still run far more by our product flow and the guest demand that we create than weather patterns or other factors. 
Sheree Waterson: Yoga is done indoors. 
Christine Day: Yoga is done indoors, as Sheree said. We're pretty lucky. John? 
John Currie: In terms of e-Commerce, the increase in Q1 was in part boosted by the fact that last year, we were going through our transition to the ATG platform, which meant we really gradually diminished the inventory that is dedicated to that third-party site until the transition. So even though the increase was still pretty impressive, it will be somewhat more muted for the rest of the year. As I said, it was 13.5% of overall revenue, which is a surprise to the upside. We'd expect to be a little bit lower than that as a percentage of total through the middle quarters of the year, and then traditionally tends to bump up in Q4 for holiday gift giving. The comment about buying stores, I just wanted to flag that because it would impact our capital expenditures. As you know, we have a very healthy balance sheet and a good cash position and it's available to use strategically. And one of the areas that we're looking at is -- in certain key strategic locations, where we know we're going to want to have a story for the long term, it's certainly open to us to acquire those locations as opposed to simply leasing, especially if it's a situation where we may find ourselves in a weak negotiating position down the road on renewal with either the landlord in that location or in malls in the immediate vicinity. So for example, we do have under contract to purchase the store that we recently opened in Newbury. And you may see some more of that, not as a significant amount of capital, overall, but I just want to flag that, that's an initiative that we're pursuing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Just a couple of questions. I guess, first, how much inventory should we see dedicated to these sort of innovation, the capsules? And also for John, I am listening to everything you said on gross margin. It seemed as though the normalized markdowns was sort of around 100 basis points. Is that -- did that have to do with some of these -- with some of the hit you took on the commuter line, or can you help us understand that a bit better? And then just on product, I kind of want to get a better sense of for like crossfit or bar, how is your current assortment not meeting the needs for those activities? Because when I see people doing those classes, it's certainly -- they're wearing a lot of lulu as it currently stands. 
John Currie: Okay. On the inventory for capsules, it's pretty insignificant, quite frankly. Think of capsules are to product what showrooms are to our store base. They're not really a profit driver, they are our testing. So the sales for any one capsule might be expected to be mid-single-digit millions or less and therefore, the inventory related to those capsules is fairly minor. And you're right about the impact of markdowns being about 100 basis points, which was about what we would have expected. And the impact of the commuter line or any other capsule is fairly minor within that. 
Christine Day: What I think is important to understand when we talk about innovation, capsules is one small part of it. There's also innovation in our run garments in terms of new fabric, new trim, new technology, in men's, in jacket. So it's also innovating in our core line that we're constantly investing in. 
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay. And then as we look at the fourth quarter, potentially, a little bit more opportunity for acceleration in the comp. Is that just strategically? You think it's important just to focus on driving as many sales, high quality as you can in the fourth quarter, and so the innovation will perhaps take a little bit of a backseat during that important sales quarter, is that the right way to think about it? 
Christine Day: I think the right way to think about it is that, that's always our biggest opportunity for a buy and consumer demand. There's less risk with taking bigger buys for that quarter. So that's always a part of the psychology of that, but there's a lot of different factors. Where we didn't want to be, where we were last year, was whenever you chase and you innovate a new line while you chase, you have a choice, right? You're going to chase what you already have and will that sell again? And is that the right answer? Or are you going to chase something new? And if you chase something new and you have to go all the way back to fabrics, like we do, then that takes a lot of your time and you're not then also planning for great success later in the year. So we're always balancing future success with immediate success. And as our garments get a little more complex, and which is a cost of creating the market and being a market leader, we always want to make sure we're maintaining quality with all of these new fabrics and innovations, that everything from the dyes work on the cross fabrics, that we get all the right trims that meet our quality standard. And we don't want to chase a short-term sale and sacrifice our reputation for quality or execution. That's a slippery slope, and we really just don't want to be there. 
Operator: Our next question from John Morris with Bank of Montréal. 
John Morris: John, we've talked a little bit about it, I'm wondering on the product costs, understanding a lot of that is coming from some of the innovation that you're pursuing as well, but on the other side of it, are you able to do anything to control some of the increases that you're seeing in labor and raw materials? And what would those be? And then maybe Christine, if you can talk a little bit about the performance of ivivva and what your learnings are there so far and what your insights are there for ivivva, both Canada and U.S. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of product cost pressure coming from inflation, that's really already baked in and we're just anniversary-ing some of those increases that happened up through the first half of last year. So it's not that there's further inflation that's significantly impacting our costs going forward. 
John Morris: And is it more labor or raw material? What's kind of the breakdown there, John? 
John Currie: Yes. I think it's primarily raw material. 
John Morris: Okay. And Christine? 
Christine Day: Yes. On ivivva, it continues on track. We're pleased with the performance of it. But it's not -- at this point, we're not ready to blow it out. You'll see a couple more stores opening. The business continues to do well. Because we don't have stores opened in the U.S., we did do a flash sale recently with Zulily to exit some aged products within the U.S. market. We didn't do it in Canada, where we have the stores. And you won't see us do that very often, but we don't want to open -- we're not ready to open stores in the market and we don't want to discount too much on our website sales. So on track, pleased with the story, feel like we've got a great concept there. But right now, we want to let it mature, grow at the right pace, and we feel it's doing well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. 
Jaime Katz: My first question is, if e-Commerce kind of stays where it is or it grows slightly as a proportion of sales, have you guys thought about what -- how that can effectively impact the gross margin and SG&A and maybe what sort of potential you guys can reach on that front? And then also, with entry into the U.K. market, is there any estimate on what the potential store base is, if you guys decide to move forward with that marketplace? 
Christine Day: I don't think we -- we haven't released going forward what we think the store count is internationally. But obviously, it's a healthy market for us as we believe a couple of other -- of the bigger markets in Europe are. But honestly, we're equally excited by Asia and the demand that we're seeing there. The yoga market is very strong and growing in Asia as well. So we actually see both markets as attractive. But I really feel in a lot of ways that Asia is even more compelling than Europe. 
John Currie: And in terms of e-Commerce and its impact on margins, I think in the Q, you can see the segmented information, and as to the margins coming from the e-Commerce channel, are at a point where they're stronger than our already pretty high store margins. And so as e-Commerce -- and we do expect that over time, it will continue to grow as a percentage of the total. And so that will have a positive impact on both gross and operating margins in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to dig a little bit into the businesses in Australia and New Zealand. Where's the productivity gap between those stores in the U.S.? And what opportunities do you have to drive comps in those markets? 
John Currie: The way we are kind of looking at it, I'd say the brand recognition in Australia, and I guess now in New Zealand now that we've opened our first store, is running about 3 years behind the U.S. And it's comping well. We just opened the e-Commerce site down there, and I'm optimistic that, that will also help drive brand recognition. There's a lot going on back in 2009 when we opened our e-Commerce site in North America. That certainly coincided with the real turning point in terms of brand recognition in the U.S. and I'm sure part of that was attributable to e-Commerce. So we're optimistic that we'll see the same sort of momentum gained in Australia. I mean Australia and New Zealand are great markets for us, as I said they're a little bit less mature, but pretty exciting and on track. 
Christine Day: And Sheree just recently got back from a trip to visit the markets last week. And after she looked at how we're handling counter seasonal products she said, "We have a lot of opportunity." And I think that we do feel we've considered ourselves a little bit as we've been learning to deal with that situation because they've had to buy and hold, and our product changes so rapidly. Mixing those together, after Sheree saw that she said, "Wow, I can do a lot better." So, I mean I think we always have opportunities and that it's been a great growth story. And to have profitable markets where your labor costs and store costs are higher gives us great confidence in our ability to grow the model internationally. And the learnings we've had from supporting that market has been key to our planning for international strategy. So I think there's been a lot of wins and a lot of potential in that market and a lot of learnings for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Taposh Bari with Jefferies. 
Taposh Bari: Wanted to ask you, I guess, Christine, a question going back to the whole point about prioritizing innovation versus chasing product throughout the rest of the year. I mean, aren't those 2 separate functions designed versus planning? I'm just trying to get a better sense of why chasing product would distract the designing process. 
Christine Day: Well, if you think about our model, there's core and replenishment, right? So let's break out the 2 conversations. On the core product, which is replenished, of course, that slowed and that is a planning and buy function. But then when we color seasonal items or we do our new kind of innovative or wow items or colors, that's where it's more difficult. So if you put like Paris Pink for instance, that has to go all the way back because we're yarn dyed, we're not a greige dip, which is what gives us the quality that lasts 5 years. So if I want to hold greige fabric to chase and dip, I'm going to have a different quality level than I currently do today. And then if I over order Paris Pink and all of a sudden it becomes ordinary, I haven't created something special. So then I would have to take a designer to design something new, change either the garment or change and create a new fabric. So what we are doing is investing in our development function, which allows us to do more of and have a faster response to our lab dips and dyes, I'm getting quite technical here, but you asked, so that we can speed up our ability to have incremental colors and products. What we really don't want to be is just buying in bulk to meet demand, because then we'll lose what makes us special. So we have to balance that with the demand. And then as it gets more complex, as you start to add garments with more functionality in 2 fabrics together, dye holds on one, not on another. So it's complex. And I think as a growth company, what we always want to make sure we're doing is also balancing quality. We had a couple of dyes that didn't work and we pulled those qualities -- those items, because we won't put bad product on the floor. So we're committed to that. We leave room for that. That's already all forecasted in everything we do. They weren't big mistakes, but we don't want to make those kind of mistakes and put that out in our guests' hands. 
Taposh Bari: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess the question then is, is this a change in philosophy versus the past couple of years because we're coming off of this multiyear period, 20% plus comps for your company, which in retrospect was greater than where you initially planned most of the time. So obviously, there is a degree of catch-up with some of the early -- some of the stores that opened up during the recession. But just trying to get a better sense of what's -- why that philosophy is changing now versus maybe a year ago. And I guess, along the lines of that question, like what's the normalized kind of healthy type of comp run rate for this company going forward? 
Christine Day: I don't -- I think it's some of the learnings that we had last year when we heavily invested in chase. And then we stopped, which you saw kind of in Q3, and then really just focused on a forward Q4, Q1 execution which, obviously, you saw play out really well. So what we take a look at is current sales trends. We're trying not to overreact in the short term. Because look, in this environment, at the size we are, strong double-digit comp growth, we think is a great story with a healthy margin. So I really don't feel the need to apologize for that level of performance and growth track record that we have. And then looking at the forward opportunity and making those right investments to create that continued success. And that's what we're always after, strong and steady, excellence in execution, being better than everyone else in the marketplace is what creates a winning strategy for the long term. And balancing short and long term and the impact it has on an organization that's still growing infrastructure. That's our job, and we think we do it pretty well. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen and Company. 
John Kernan: You've talked a lot about higher product cost due to innovation. Are you realizing higher prices on some of the new innovation? And could you -- what's the balance between units and AUR in the comp right now? 
Christine Day: We do see some, but in the beginning when we first -- like when we introduced run, for example. We had a lot of new fabric and we chose to price it what the right price was for the garment in the marketplace. And in the beginning, take a little bit of a reduced margin. And then we built that up, over time, as we extended the line, got into our minimum runs, et cetera. So that's part of the cadence. We always plan a garment for a future that it will live within our product line at the high margins. But in the beginning when we innovate and we're testing fabric, that's built in into the way that we build the model and extend the lines. So we always are looking for high-value, high-margin garments. That's the business we're in, not quick turn high-volume T-shirts. 
John Currie: And the comp is very largely units, probably 85%, 90%, just a slight contribution from AUR. 
John Kernan: Okay. And then I guess as we look into Q2, I mean obviously, you're cycling to bringing the direct-to-consumer back in-house, there's going to be some SG&A deleverage associated with that. But if you're comp trend, I guess, comes ahead of plan, would you -- do you feel like there's some room to releverage SG&A, or are there a lot of SG&A expenses in the quarter? 
John Currie: So in terms of the SG&A cadence for the year, at the start of the year we budget, we plan. We set what initiatives we can handle for the year and the headcount associated with it. If anything, it tends to take a little bit of time to hire those people and to get those initiatives started. So as we look at Q2, Q3, what you'll see is those initiatives kicking in and our headcount will add, and that's what compresses the SG&A in the middle of the year. And then at the end of the year, with higher volumes, we'll get leverage again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: A couple of questions. Just wondering if you can share with us how you're thinking about inventory growth as we move throughout the year. Second, just wanted an update on the Men's business, just wondering what the penetration looks like as a percent of sales. I know from our checks we've seen a lot of product sellouts. And just last, was the magnitude of the markdowns in light of your increase in inventory greater or less than you expected in the quarter? 
John Currie: Okay. Inventory growth throughout the year, again, coming into the year and at the end of Q1, I think our inventory levels pretty balanced with the way we planned the business. And since we're not doing a lot of chase, that's true for the balance of the year. Men's was about 12% in Q1 which, again, it's typically highest in Q4 during the holiday gift season, it was over 14% in Q4. So 12% in Q1 is about in line with the way it goes season-to-season. I'm sorry, what was your last question? 
Roxanne Meyer: Just on the magnitude of the basis point hit from markdowns, was that in line with your expectations, a little more or a little less? 
John Currie: It was pretty much bang on our expectations. 
Christine Day: And I'd just say, we feel really great about our inventory position, how clean it is. So we don't feel like there's any risk on the table either. 
John Currie: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with the Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about the online business and cadence of online versus stores? What did you see there this quarter compared to the stores? And then just as you've expanded into other categories with the Men's, any updates on Men's? How is it doing online and in the stores and margin opportunity? 
Christine Day: I think online and stores, we see them march very in sync with each other. Our guest is very attuned. It's all about product flow. The guest is looking for that new product wherever it's going to land. They shop both, run to the store quickly. So we don't see a huge difference between the 2. We aren't in the business of really doing a lot of exclusives online. We found that the cadence of the long -- of the life of the product is pretty similar in both stores and online. So we've seen them pretty -- march pretty lockstep with each other. So there's no real difference there. In terms of Men's, we definitely see demand for Men's growing. 
John Currie: But online, it's actually -- I guess men don't like shopping online as much as women because the men's penetration online is much lower than stores. So that's an opportunity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Mlnarik with Robert W. Baird. 
Blair Mlnarik: I just wanted to confirm, on ivivva, you said you're waiting to open stores while the market is maturing in the U.S. Does that mean that you're no longer planning on opening those 5 stores in July, August time frame? 
John Currie: We didn't have 5 stores, maybe those are showrooms. But we're still on plan for showroom -- for stores for ivivva this year, which is a modest increase. We opened 2 in Q1 and within our overall store count guidance, there might be 1 or 2 more in the back part of the year. 
Blair Mlnarik: Okay. So you're not -- you use to talk about California, Washington, Illinois and Massachusetts and New York being... 
John Currie: Those were showrooms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tal Woolley with RBC Capital Markets. 
Tal Woolley: Just wanted to talk about CapEx. If I back out the building purchase last year, your CapEx are sort of $50 million growing to $80 million this year. Can you just talk about what are the bigger projects in there? 
John Currie: Yes. Of course, new store buildout is always there. As our store base grows and matures and we're getting up to lease renewals, we have a growing number of renovations. And when we come up to a lease renewal we'll typically do a full renovation, which is pretty much the same cost as a new store. In addition, there's a lot more IT system spend and that becomes a much longer conversation, but as we've been talking about IT systems to support the whole supply chain, we're moving forward with a new financial system this year, so that's where a lot of the CapEx is. 
Tal Woolley: And if you look out sort of the next 3 to 5 -- or sort of 3 years, are there any other big ticket items that have to come online, like I don't know whether you'd have to look at revamping distribution or sourcing, anything along those lines? Or you expect that CapEx somewhere to scale with sales? 
John Currie: I think there's an ongoing need to implement and upgrade systems especially. But I think as we look forward there, I don't see any shockingly large lumps in our CapEx. And a lot of it is discretionary in terms of timing to some extent. So we'll balance our CapEx. So yes, I don't think you'll see any big surprises. 
Tal Woolley: Just lastly, you had made a comment at the end of your commentary about outlet stores. And was that a discussion of net new openings of outlet stores? 
John Currie: I did mention that we're opening 2 new outlets this year. When you look at -- I mean we've been operating with 3 outlet stores in the U.S. for a couple of years now. When you look at the volume of our business in the U.S. and now that we're back in inventory, it's pretty simple arithmetic to see that, that requires a couple more outlets just to keep the inventory clean. So that's part of the plan for the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Molly Iarocci: This is Molly on for Jim. Real quick, you had talked about the Hong Kong showroom now opening at the end of 3Q whereas before, I think it was supposed to open in June. Just wondering if there's anything going on there. And then lastly, hoping that you could maybe give more specific rollout dates for the U.K. and Hong Kong e-Commerce sites. 
Christine Day: I think we've already done the U.K. dates, which we've said will be later in the year. We're not ready to be a little more specific about that at this time. In terms of Hong Kong, it was really just negotiating the lease and holding out. 
John Currie: Yes. As we got into some of the details negotiating with the landlord in Hong Kong, took a little bit longer than the plan, but we're now moving ahead. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse. 
Christian Buss: I was wondering if you can talk about the level of full price selling. Do you think that's now at normalized levels? And then I was also wondering if you could give just a quick update on your systems investments, what kind of progress you've made there. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of full-priced selling versus discounts, I think it is more of a normal balance now. Still very low relative to retail, in general, I mean it's still maybe high-single digits. But that's more of a normal run rate. And sorry, your question on IT investments? 
Christine Day: How they're doing. 
John Currie: Oh, boy. There's a whole bunch of questions in that. 
Christine Day: We feel good. We're really focused on our supply chain and the flow building more visibility into our factories, factory capacity, really advanced allocations so that we have more ability to get the right product to right stores. We've had some real wins that Kathryn and her team have delivered in terms of getting data analysis, and our business intelligence is in a whole new place, which has really freed up our merchant planning and allocation teams to have more simple answers on the buy. So we've made some really short-term quick wins. And I feel really great about the progress that the team is making on the longer-term investments. Do want to add anything, Sheree? 
Sheree Waterson: We laid out a go-to-market road map about a year ago, and we're making good progress on it. So we're about halfway through our PLM implementation right now and looking at additional planning tools and so on. 
Christine Day: Thank you, and I apologize that we've had to leave some people in the queue, which we normally don't like to do. But hopefully, we'll be able to catch you in follow-up calls. So thank you, everyone, for joining us for the quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-03-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q4 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce the host for today's conference call, Ms. Teresa [ph]. You may begin. 
Unknown Executive: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2011 Conference Call. A copy of today's press release is available in the Investor Relations section of lululemon's website at www.lululemon.com, or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission's website at www.sec.gov. Shortly after we end this morning, a recording of today's call will be available as a replay for 30 days in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 Hosting our call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. Sheree Waterson, our Chief Product Officer will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. We would like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained on this call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. [Operator Instructions] 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Christine Day. 
Christine Day: Thank you, Teresa [ph]. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter results. By now, you will have seen the headline of our release celebrating the cool revenue milestone, starting with B and ending with 9 zeros. We are proud of achieving this important milestone as a company. But far more important than the number itself are the beliefs, values, culture and people that achieved it and our guests that value our products and our guest experience. Our success now and in the future is based on a culture of high performance and leadership development. We find the right talent, empower our employees, teach personal accountability and judgment and share our business strategy at every level across the business to ensure that we engage our employees and give them a sense of purpose. So when we achieve these kind of results, we know that it is the entire team that we have to thank.
 The goals we set for 2011 were: to grow same-store sales; add up to 30 high-productivity new stores; evolve our e-Commerce to a hybrid model; balance our inventory to meet demand; build a foundation to support the continued growth; and to deliver innovative product. Our focus on execution delivered strong results for each of these objectives. We added 37 stores and increased comparable store sales by 20% for the year, resulting in a record $2,004 in sales per square foot for all of our retail business. In addition, our new e-Commerce site was launched in April and now represents 11% of total sales. To put this achievement into perspective, in the fourth quarter alone, we did $50 million in e-Commerce sales compared to $57 million for the full year in 2010.
 As discussed in our last call, to meet guest demand for Q4, we strategically increased our inventory position and bought the right mix of new styles and color. Our strategy paid off and translated into a 26% comp for the quarter on top of a 28% last year. We were also able to provide product to our outlets and return to our traditional warehouse sales and to explore smaller markets in Canada with 5 pop-up stores over the holiday season. Other than our planned scarcity philosophy, we believe we met true demand fourth quarter. Our other key objective for the quarter was to enter 2012 with a strong inventory position to break the cycle of chase. And we are pleased to state that in Q1 2012, have strong sales momentum due to a clean inventory and strong flow of products.
 We have found the right balance between delivering strong growth and maintaining our focus on innovation and execution. Buying more just to meet a number may deliver short-term results, but also creates brand and operating risks. In Q4, we gained traction as our strategies of investing in people and systems to support our growth. We added depth and breadth in product, IT, store support, and we enhanced our creative, digital and brand teams. We also added business intelligence, HR and IT legacy system investments, building network and operational capability. As previously discussed, these investments will continue throughout 2012. Other key investments include product innovation and supply chain enhancements. We will continue to focus on a tight base of manufacturers to ensure the level of quality, innovation and function that our guest expects. We are always exploring new techniques in garment construction, new fabric technologies and finishings, which is one of the things that we believe that we are best in the world. This requires continued investment and development in partnership with our factories to support these innovations. It is our practice to not take pricing as we seed new innovation. And while these investments may slightly decrease margins, they develop the strength of the brand in the long term.
 Looking forward, we are excited about the potential we see for growth in the business in 2012 and beyond. Driving store productivity remains our key lever, along with North American store remodels. Technical product innovation will continue to drive both same-store sales and allow us to test things like bike spins and swim lines. We can refine the product, test the guest reaction and build ambassador networks, all key learnings for us as we explore the intersection between these opportunities and yoga, which will always be our core. We continue to leverage our strength of our business model by reinvesting in product innovation to create guest value and differentiation in our product lines and to enhance our leadership position for the long term. We also have a solid North American footprint with 150 lululemon stores with additional opportunity as we are less than halfway to reaching the 350-store potential we see in this market.
 We currently have 37 showrooms that contribute to increased brand awareness and help drive our very productive new store openings. Additional store growth objectives over the medium-term include driving e-Commerce to 15% of our North American store revenue, seeding International and growing our Men's line and developing and testing product for future potential concept. 
 Throughout 2012, we will seed international markets. We have already announced that we plan to open a showroom in London slated for mid-April and we are in the process of signing a lease for the new Hong Kong showroom. If all goes well, we could open the second Hong Kong showroom at the end of May. E-Commerce, already a significant part of our revenue, is also key for developing brand awareness and creating demand in secondary markets. It is also a powerful tool to help inform our strategy as we expand internationally. We will introduce country-specific pages in Australia in May and the U.K. and Hong Kong are also planned for 2012. 
 We are pleased to announce another key hire for our senior team. Laura Klauberg, previously a top executive with Unilever, will be joining us as SVP, Brand and Community. We are also in the final offer stages with a new head of Global e-Commerce. In addition to these key hires, there will be other additions throughout the organization for succession and growth. In summary, we are very proud of the progress and the results achieved in 2011 and believe we are well positioned to continue that momentum in 2012 and beyond. So now over to John to go through the financial results. 
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter of 2011, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the first quarter and the full year of fiscal 2012. Please keep in mind that all comments with regard to share count and per-share amounts in our results and outlook are now on a post-stock split basis, as our shareholders approved a 2-for-1 stock split, which took effect in early July of 2011. 
 So for the fourth quarter, total net revenue rose 51.4% to $371.5 million from $245.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 26% on a constant dollar basis. Our average comp store productivity ended the year at $2,004 per square foot. The addition of 29 net new corporate-owned stores in North America, 7 net new corporate-owned stores in Australia and 1 in New Zealand since Q4 of 2010. We also reacquired the 4 remaining franchise stores in the U.S. during the year. Direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by 103.6% or $25.5 million. And offsetting this was a slightly weaker Canadian dollar, which had the effect of decreasing reported revenues by $2.3 million or 0.6%. 
 During the quarter, we opened 2 corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S., 4 in Australia, 1 in New Zealand, as well as 2 ivviva stores in Canada. We ended the quarter with 174 total stores versus 137 a year ago. There are 127 stores in our comp base, 42 of those in Canada, including 2 ivviva, 75 in the United States and 10 in Australia.
 Corporate-owned stores represented 78.7% of total revenue or $292.6 million versus 82.6% or $202.8 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $50.1 million or 13.5% of total revenue versus $24.6 million or 10% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. Other revenue totaled $28.9 million or 7.8% of revenue for the fourth quarter versus $18 million or 7.4% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2010. In addition to wholesale, showrooms and outlets, this category also included $4.7 million in revenue generated from 5 temporary pop-up stores operating in Canada during the quarter, as well as $5.4 million from the 2 warehouse sales held in January; one in Chicago and one in Ottawa. The prior-year number included sales to franchise stores, which were subsequently repurchased. We ended the year with 37 showrooms in North America versus 49 a year ago, as well as one in Hong Kong, 4 in Australia and 2 in New Zealand. 
 Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $209 million or 56.3% of net revenue compared to $143.5 million or 58.5% of net revenue in Q4 2010. As anticipated, the factors which contributed to this 220-basis-point decrease in gross margin were a product margin decline of 310 basis points, approximately 230 basis points was attributable to the higher product cost due to inflationary pressures on raw materials and labor and the remainder primarily from a more normalized rate of markdowns due to our improved inventory position; leverage on occupancy, depreciation in product and supply-chain team costs of 50 basis points; and foreign exchange improvement of 40 basis points as the effective Canadian and Australian dollar rate within our product costs was still slightly higher than Q4 2010, as the exchange rate impact typically lags a quarter as it works through our cost of goods sold.
 SG&A expenses were $93 million or 25% of net revenue compared to $72.2 million or 29.4% of net revenue for the same period last year. The $20.8 million SG&A dollar increase was due to an increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with higher sales volumes, as well as new stores that were added during the year and an increase in store support center costs, which include management incentive-based compensation and stock-based compensation. During the quarter, we increased our investments in training and development, IT operational infrastructure enhancements, IT systems roadmap planning and e-Commerce digital and creative asset development. As a percentage of revenue, our fourth quarter SG&A decreased by 440 basis points due to lower e-Commerce operating costs from the transition of our e-Commerce solution to an in-house platform. In addition, we leveraged on our store and other channel SG&A due to the higher volumes. As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter was $116.1 million or 31.2% of net revenue compared to $71.3 million or 29.1% of net revenue in 2010.
 Other income, including net interest expense, totaled $0.4 million compared to $0.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Tax expense for the quarter was $42.6 million or a tax rate of 36.5% compared to $16.9 million or a tax rate of 23.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010. The lower rate incurred in Q4 2010 was due to a one-time adjustment to tax expense as a result of a revision to management's plans for repatriation of unremitted earnings of the Canadian operating subsidiary. Net income for the quarter was $73.5 million or $0.51 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $54.8 million or $0.38 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2010.  Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.3 million versus 144.4 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $16 million for the quarter related to new store buildouts, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. 
 Turning to the highlights for our full fiscal year 2011 performance. Net revenue rose 40.6% to just over $1 billion from $711.7 million in fiscal 2010. Gross profit was $569.3 million or 56.9% of net revenue compared to $394.9 million or 55.5% of net revenue in fiscal 2010. Net income for the year was $184.1 million or $1.27 per diluted share compared to $121.8 million or $0.85 per diluted share for fiscal 2010. 
 Looking at our balance sheet highlights. We ended the year with $409.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $93.2 million over fiscal 2010 year end. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $104.1 million or 81.1% higher than at the end of the fourth quarter of 2010. In terms of units, this represents a 53.4% increase over 2010, which given the inventory constrained position we found ourselves at this time last year, leaves us in a very healthy inventory position coming into 2012.
 This now leads me to our outlook for the first quarter of 2012. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at par. We anticipate revenue in the range of $265 million to $270 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase in the low 20s on a constant dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2011. We plan to open 4 lululemon stores in the U.S., 1 in Australia and 2 ivviva stores in Canada during the first quarter.
 For Q1, we expect our gross margin to be below 55%. For comparison purposes, remember that in Q1 last year, we incurred a one-time adjustment to product cost to recognize previously unrecorded benefits of certain input tax credits, which improved gross margin by 140 basis points in Q1. We expect gross margin compression in the first quarter to be driven by higher product costs from elevated labor and raw material costs; from normalized levels of markdowns; and from slight duty deleverage as a larger portion of our business is weighted towards the U.S. In addition, as Christine mentioned, additional innovation in fabrics, construction and features in our product line will temporarily reduce margins this year.
 We expect modest SG&A leverage driven by cost efficiencies from the transition of our e-Commerce platform to the in-house model, even while we will be increasing our reinvestment back into the e-Commerce business to develop the necessary foundation and in-house development capability to achieve the potential growth trajectory in this channel. This is the last quarter where we will see the e-Commerce leverage benefit as we anniversary the e-Commerce transition this April. We're assuming a tax rate of 36.5% and 145.4 million diluted average shares outstanding. This tax rate is up slightly from the 36% that we have previously been anticipating as a result of the strong growth in profitability in our U.S. operations, which are subject to higher tax rates than we experience in Canada. We expect earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.29 per share.
 For the full fiscal year 2012, we're targeting to open up to 37 corporate-owned stores, including our Australia/New Zealand stores and ivviva locations. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.325 billion, representing greater than 30% growth over 2011. Our fiscal 2012 includes a 53rd business week, which occurs late in the fourth quarter during the nonpeak period of our business. This guidance assumes the impact to be approximately $20 million in revenue. 
 For the year, we expect gross margin right around our stated long-term target of 55%. And with seasonality, we expect to be slightly below 55% in quarters 1 through 3 and above in Q4. We expect to leverage SG&A slightly for the year due to the reasons mentioned earlier. As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to deleverage somewhat from 2011 and our fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.50 to $1.57. This is based on 145.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and it assumes our effective tax rate of 36.5%. We expect capital expenditures to be between $70 million and $75 million for fiscal 2012, reflecting new store buildouts, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day: Thanks, John. I would just like to thank again everyone on the team that produced such outstanding results for the year and set us up so well for 2012. I feel that we're better poised to execute than we ever have been before with the work that we've done on our supply chain, the innovation, our planning and merchandising teams and how they're driving product to the stores, our logistics teams, which have really built a tremendous amount of capacity to get our product to our customers on the e-Commerce side. 
 So I really feel starting 2012, we have more capacity to execute our plan and our future than we've ever had before and we're tremendously excited. So with that, we're going to turn it over to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrienne Tennant with Janney Capital Markets. 
Adrienne Tennant: My question is, John, can you talk about the inventory that's up 81%? How should we think about that in terms of the ability to drive what type of comp? Should we assume that, that type of inventory build should support a low 20% comp on a fairly sustainable basis? And then secondly, if you can talk a little bit about the average cost trends. I assume that they're going to start to abate in Q2 and maybe -- or actually be down year-on-year starting in the back half of the year. 
John Currie: Okay. Well, as I said in my prepared comments, the revenue dollar amount is up 81%, but in terms of units, it's in the 50s. The difference in part because of cost inflation in our product cost, as well as different mix of products, product with higher fit and finish. So relative to last year or looking at going forward, it does definitely support the low 20s comp that I guided to. And we're feeling that as we did coming into Q4, we're in a good, balanced inventory position, not too heavy, not too light. 
Adrienne Tennant: Okay. And then wouldn't the AUC, would it down year-on-year, probably Q3? 
John Currie: I don't anticipate it will be. I anticipate the product costs will remain fairly level through the year. Again, we're not as cotton-dependent as a lot of retailers who suffered more from the spike last year and therefore, they see relief this year. A lot more of our products are really oil-based. So I don't see that abating in the second half. I see the cost levels at this point probably fairly level through the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with BoA Merrill Lynch. 
Paul Alexander: It's Paul Alexander for Lorraine. Could you guys speak a little bit about how you view the opportunity in the U.S. and how you view the list of potential markets up to 300 or over that? And perhaps compare for us what the markets #299 and 300 look like compared to the markets that you're opening now and whether there's much of any difference to speak of between those markets. 
Christine Day: I think we feel that the North American market is getting stronger for us every day, and we see more opportunity there every year than we've seen the year before. So I think buildout, we're confident with our store count number. And as far as the markets, I think the things that we're testing right now, is it better to put another store in a dense outer ring of a dense market or is it better to go into the small market? The unit economics are different. But what we've been able to see in some of the smaller markets we've gone into is very strong revenue, lower operating costs for a really strong presence. I think our question about store count isn't maybe unit economics. It's about what's that right level of brand presence and what's that right balance between e-Commerce and what's emerging there and the full potential of that business. So frankly, that's more what we're monitoring is what's the right way to drive the business to reach the guests. And the beauty is both of those channels for us are high-margin businesses. And that's really our focus is to keep the brand strong and not overbuild and create too much fixed cost while creating demand and strong unit economics. And we -- that's what we remain focused on doing. 
Paul Alexander: And just as a follow-up to that, how many of the 300 are expected to be outlets? 
Christine Day: None. 
John Currie: Yes. We don't include outlets in our store count. 
Christine Day: Yes, those are in other. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michelle Tan with Goldman Sachs. 
Michelle Tan: So a couple things. One, just following up on Adrienne's question, John, can you take us through the product cost impact year-over-year as you see it over the course of 2012? And then from a warehouse sale perspective, I would imagine that returning to the warehouse sales had some impact on gross margin in Q4. Can you talk about kind of what the margins look like for warehouse sales versus your overall margin and whether there are other quarters where we should expect warehouse sales to come back as we move through 2012? And then finally, on the product reinvestment side, I think clearly you guys have great product in the store as we've returned to this more normalized inventory sourcing pipeline. Maybe help us think about how much of this kind of upgraded technology is really investing upfront from a margin perspective. And does that continue through 2012? Does it escalate? How do we think about that? 
Christine Day: Maybe I can do a little bit on the future and have Sheree add some pieces, then we'll have John maybe do the cost basis, Michelle, if that's okay with you? 
Michelle Tan: Perfect. 
Christine Day: Okay. So I think, let's talk about what we're doing in some of our product strategies right now. So the first thing we're doing is we're introducing a lot more pod for both newness and flow. But we're also testing a lot of product in that, in those concepts. And so for smaller runs, which are, by the way, higher-priced and dollar margin items but the percent is lower, so there's some tradeoff that we're doing there. But we get a tremendous amount of learning about what are those future line extensions. So for us, that is worth the tradeoff on the gross margin as we've always talked about. Staying in the leadership position and innovation in our category is one of our number one strategies, which makes the product desirable. So we're always going to trade a little bit of margin for that investment and that newness when we feel it's appropriate. And Sheree's team has done such a great job. We have a lot of things to test that will be flowing through this year. So we're really excited. You saw our community [ph] line dropping earlier this quarter, and it was really well received. We've developed a lot of really beautiful product for that and the learning from that could be taken into all of our other lines. But these are small runs of product. But again, they're higher dollar price points because they're specialty items, a little bit lower margins. So the healthy base of our business is still at a high margin and high margin percentage, so we have seen some cost pressures, which we've talked about before, and John can go into more detail with that. But I'll talk markdowns for a minute. I want to remind everybody that our markdowns aren't sales. So where they come from and as we float more newness in, when we have a broken size run of colors and we have a lot more color and smaller batch of units coming through, we do a first markdown on those broken size runs of color to keep the store fresh and clear. So that's the more normalized markdown that we've talked about; we see that occurring. We did do the warehouse sales to close out 2012 because we don't want to create a dependency on more outlets. We don't anticipate doing any more this year. It's just simply that end of the year. So we'll always look at that and do what we need to do. But right now, we have no plans to do additional. So that's kind of our product strategy. And now I'll let John break it out. Sheree, you want to add anything? 
Sheree Waterson: Just that we continue to drive innovation and we're going to double up on our capital that we flow this year because we're so excited about exploring some new technologies in terms of fabrics, styling and construction. And that's all I can add to Christine's commenting. 
John Currie: Okay. And then on the margin side, warehouse sales, the gross margin is probably roughly around a 30% level. So obviously, it has a negative impact on the overall gross margin. And don't forget the outlets in Q4 and through 2012 will also have product, whereas last year, they were -- the shelves were pretty bare because we don't make product specifically for the outlets. Gross margin for the year, I mean, there's lots of up and downs. There's currency, there's duty impact. The 2 big things, and we've talked about them, are inflation on the cost side, which took place mostly in 2011. So if you look at 2012, the first half, we're still anniversary-ing slightly lower inflation impact. And as we look back at last year, I think there was about 150 basis points impact in the first half and 250 in the second half. So if we go with the assumption that costs are level this year, there's still 100 basis points of deleverage in the first half and flat in the second half. The other one being markdowns. You saw some impact of markdowns, which is healthy in Q4. Remember, Q1 through 3 last year, we were so short on product that markdowns were just minimal. So that will continue to be an impact on our gross margin this year. Those are the big pieces. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Sheree and Christine, if I could just have you talk a little bit more about the increased product flow and also about the margin on the technical product. I do see that you're increasing the innovation and the attributes of the product. And I'm wondering if over time, as you do bigger production runs of this product, if you expect the margins to improve there or if that premium product will always maintain a lower product margin. I was also interested in your comments, Christine, about developing the Men's business further and when we should expect to see, I guess, a higher SKU count there. And Sheree, if you could talk about other new product introductions. I saw -- I'm seeing more of the running skirts and such in stores. So if you could talk a little bit more about innovation and about the profitability of that. And lastly, John, should we expect inventory levels to kind of moderate as we go into third quarter? Or will it be more as we go into fourth quarter? 
Christine Day: Okay. So what happens in our innovation cycle is the first introduction on the small run might be lower, but then as we take those products and move them into some of our seasonal and key items and we do larger production runs of them, of course, you get more leverage. But more importantly, what happens with those products is those innovations go into -- elements of those innovations go into other key and then ultimately core items, which is kind of like the Apple philosophy of constantly reinventing your core item. So we take pieces of those and reinvent our core, which keeps our core at a high margin and healthy. So what we're doing is a complete product management cycle and really continuing to invest at every level so that we keep our product differentiated. So this is a very important cycle. We've always talked about this is the reason why we want to keep some margin flexibility because winning for the long term is what creates the value for the brand and keeping our products at premium level. And we don't want to compete on price with average product, right? That's not where we're going, and our whole cycle is designed to do that. Regarding Men's, the sales achieved 14% currently, that's up from 12%. So we've seen strong uptick on Men's, really on what we consider still a fairly premium line but really having refocused on the basics. We've got a great merchant designer that now leads the Men's pods. We are so excited about some of the product that he's got coming out. So I'll let Sheree talk maybe about when she sees the SKU counts increasing for Men's. 
Sheree Waterson: Sure. In terms of Men's SKU count broadening and actually the more depth in the key item categories, you'll see that coming around Q4 of this year. In terms of the new product introductions, which you asked about, we are -- well, let me tell you a little bit about some of the innovations. We are really looking at transformable garments being something that we're looking at to drive not only technical innovation but just interesting transformability from sport to street and from sport to sport. Super lightweight fabrics, we continue to get really excited about having the runner feel like they're not wearing anything at all, which is the Holy Grail, of course. We're broadening our Silverescent line into the accessories area, as well as the yoga area and so on. And then we're also exploring some more state-of-the-art anti-chafe technologies, which you'll be seeing coming up. In terms of the sports that we're looking at, we just did a function show for our board, and we were so excited and cannot wait to get some of this for ourselves. So the swim line that we've got coming up later on this quarter is absolutely incredible. It's not only swim but it's also surf components that we added to the line. We're looking at road biking in addition to what you just saw, spin, bar methods and some cold weather gear that you'll be seeing for Q4 of this coming year. So there's a lot going on. There is no shortage of ideas here at lululemon. 
Christine Day: No. And I think on the Men's SKUs, those would be increasing in count pretty much coming into the third quarter and then the fall season. 
John Currie: Then Janet, in terms of your question on inventory increase year-over-year, by the time we get to Q4 of this year, you should see the inventory increase in line with sales because we were in a good inventory position in Q4. But prior to that, as you recall, we were under-inventoried. So you should see in Q2 and Q3 inventory increases year-over-year higher than the sales increase. But the most extreme example is this coming into Q1. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital. 
Stacy Pak: Just, I guess, a couple. First, just following up on the Men's business, Christine, I was hoping you could expand a little bit more on who the customer is relative to the Women's customer, what you're finding as you enter that space where there's arguably a lot more competition. Is there a difference in the age of the customer? Is it a more or less profitable business? And I mean, I'm seeing it really take off here on the West Coast. And then for you, John, just looking at the new store productivity, if my numbers are right, given what you said about other sales, it looks like it was not really any better than Q3 when you had some issues. So could you speak to that as well? 
Christine Day: Maybe we do -- better do that one first because we had no issues in Q3. 
Stacy Pak: Well, you had later openings, et cetera, and things that were being remodeled, which caused a weakness -- exactly. So if -- maybe my numbers are wrong, but my numbers are showing the same sort of level of new store productivity in Q4. Is there -- is that correct? 
John Currie: I don't see your numbers, but I mean, new stores -- I mean, we're thrilled with the way the new stores have been opening. The new store openings through 2011 as I look at – how's the best way to say it, if I look at the U.S. store base because that's where all the new stores are, on average, the new stores are opening somewhere in the 80% of the overall portfolio range. And we're pretty thrilled with that. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I think probably what's bringing your numbers down a little bit, Stacy, is ivviva openings and Australia openings. So just remember, there's more than just lululemon openings in that number now. 
Stacy Pak: Okay. And were there any late openings? 
John Currie: Well, I'm not sure what you mean by late. I can't remember the exact timing, but they... 
Stacy Pak: Okay. Well, did the openings open fairly equally in the quarter? Or were the openings weighted to the end of the quarter, which... 
John Currie: I don't have the dates in front of me. I think they are posted on our website. I hate to punt on it, but you can see the exact dates if you go to the website. 
Stacy Pak: Okay. All right. And then, Christine? 
Christine Day: Right, so Men's. Who's the customer for Men's? We see that customer broadening tremendously. I think we used to hit a slightly younger male, which I would say -- when I say that, it's up to 35-year-old and that's the target who we see driving the brand. But we see that broadening very much across a much larger base to both younger and slightly older men. So it's the same fitness enthusiast that we see, lululemon people who work on a regular basis, who appreciate the same high functionality when they work out and crossing over into street appeal. And they really appreciate the anti-stink properties of the nylon and the Silverescent that we have versus polyester, which tends to attract and hold smell. So it's both in functionality and look of the garment is who we're appealing to. And we're really seeing people not be as sensitive to it being a women's brand. They're seeing it as a premium male's choice. So we see one guy wear it to the gym, another guy says, "I think I'll get some of that." They get it, they love it and the cycle begins. So we see more men shopping for themselves in our store every day and coming back repeatedly. And they get a favorite of something and we see them buy in bulk, which is a little different behavior than you see from our female customers. So we definitely see that we've got huge adoption rates from the product once they try it. And we see the consumer band growing and expanding. 
John Currie: Just before we leave, I want to go back to the new store question. Because as I look at the quarter, we only opened 2 lululemon stores in the U.S. in the quarter. So the others, 4 in Australia, one in New Zealand, those are lower productivity stores at this point, as well as 2 ivviva. So if you're getting a lower new store productivity number, it's because it was just the 2 main brands, lululemon stores in the quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to talk about the international markets. And I'm wondering if you can tell us whether you monitor tourist shopping in your North American stores. And to the extent that you have any insight into the country of origin where you see most shopping by tourist, that would be very interesting if you could share that with us. And beyond London and Hong Kong, are there some international locations that you think are particularly well-suited for either 2012 or the 2013 showrooms? 
Christine Day: We haven't made any decisions yet whether or not we'd go to any additional showrooms in other countries. But we do definitely have some markets that we're really trending and watching. And Germany is a very attractive market for us; it allows us to have all of the layering properties that we have, like in the Canadian market, the guest is very athletic there. There's a huge yoga community in Germany so that's one of the key markets. And that halo effect of Germany goes into Switzerland and Amsterdam and the North. But what's easier for us to gauge is where we see international shopping from our e-Commerce site, which right now is based out of the U.S. and those sales come into there. And there are -- we watch the markets and top markets that we see e-Commerce sales coming from. And there are tourist stores, where we do see seasonally people come in. We see that, obviously, in our Hawaiian store. We see that at Whistler. We see that in New York City. And we do pay attention. But it's -- we don't have a tracking system, where do we see that. People coming from, but anecdotally, we do know that we're growing demand in Latin America. We're growing demand particularly from France. Huge demand still in Japan, Hong Kong. And we see it spreading across Asia now. We see a lot of tourists in our Hong Kong showrooms that are coming in from all across Southeast Asia and buying in bulk. So we are very excited to get a store -- a showroom and then ultimately a store opened in that market to begin to see where we're generating that demand, and then we follow it with e-Commerce. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: A quick follow-up on Kimberly's question, and then I also wanted to ask something about store sizes. In terms of the international market, what's the transition to -- what's the process or the transition process to go from a showroom to when you start opening actually real stores in the ground? Are there benchmarks you need to see or things you need to see in the marketplace or systems that you need to have in place, operations you need to have in place? And then my second question will be related to the store sizes. You've got all these great opportunities across categories, running and outdoor and Men's and so on and so forth. But I don't know if the store size, at least a lot of the store size today, are big enough to support that broad of a product kind of categorization. How are you thinking about store sizes going forward in the new stores that you're opening or in remodels of existing stores? Any answers to both of those questions would be really helpful. 
Christine Day: Great. Omar, I don't want to give away all of our secrets. So I'm probably not going to answer your question to as much as you'd like me to. But I will tell you that we have a very disciplined method of how -- and it's a very integrated market development strategy that looks at a lot of different factors, including our internal readiness with employees. We look at things like showrooms, we look at the e-Commerce sales. And then there's a few other things that we really look at to make sure that we have market readiness and we always look at it as creating desire first, whether it's domestically or internationally. And a key part of that is building our ambassador network. And that's what we're really focused on because it's about building long-term brand loyalty. And the way that a guest is introduced to the brand, regardless of whether it's the first time in a market or not, creates a long-term relationship. And that's what we're after. So internationally, we've been working in these markets for 2 to 3 years. As I've said over time, planting the seeds, building the relationships, attending things like Yoga Journal Conferences. So we create a brand awareness and we're the brand they're waiting for. And we're doing a lot of things behind the scenes here structurally to get ready. Where I don't want to be and where I've seen a lot of growth stories go bad is where you rush into these markets. You don't have the infrastructure ready. You leverage up to your fixed cost. And the next thing you know, you're having to make difficult choices about investing in your core business, whether it's renovations of stores, keeping things fresh, product margins, how you pay your people and ultimately destroy your brand. So we're very disciplined, and we do have a lot of metrics about how we go about entering markets. And the same thing is true of our renovation and renewal strategy. We're working 2, 3 years ahead of time to secure renewals on key stores to plan relocations, and finally, in store size. We feel it's very important to the brand to have what we refer to as a kitchen party or a high-energy feel inside of our stores. And so that means a smaller footprint. We want to use our labor on the floor to educate the guest, not to cover a big footprint. And we have been very adept at flowing product and improving our operations. You just have to look at a few of our Canadian stores. And the volume that we do out of what's basically 3,500, 3,300 square feet and frankly sometimes even 2,500 square feet, gives us great confidence. And we look at those stores and what we figured out for flow and we do have a renewal strategy and you've seen us execute it in Canada, which is why we had so many stores closed in Q3, where we will take an extra 300 square feet. Or maybe sometimes if the store is only 2,500 square feet, we'll take as much as 1,000 square feet. And that allows us to drive continued comps in the Canadian markets, as well as then flow all of the new goods that we have. But we feel very strongly that we don't want, even in a future concept as we develop these pods and these lines, to have stores that are bigger than 4,000, maybe slightly more. But we're doing that work now and planning for that eventual future. But over the next 3 to 5 years in North America, we've got plenty of room to grow our business without doing huge relocations or taking massive [indiscernible] of stores. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk a little bit about of the buckets of SG&A investment, how you think of the timing of contribution and then the comp drivers? And just lastly, any refreshment to the long-term targets, whether it's operating margin, e-Commerce as a percent of sales, number of stores or gross margin? 
Christine Day: Dana, could you refer hat again? So the comp drivers, your first question was... 
Dana Telsey: Comp drivers, buckets of SG&A investment for 2012 and the timing of the contribution from them. When should we see them complete? Or what should be the benefit down the road? 
Christine Day: So I think the main thing that we're working on right now is really 2 fronts, and it will be ultimately 3 in the short term. Buckets of SG&A, in systems, the number one is our supply-chain systems. And part of that is also the flow to the stores and localized store planning to have a much better flow of localized products per store. And so it's that bottoms-up planning from the store that allows us to fine-tune planning and allocation and get those right mix of products and differentiate each store a little bit more. So for instance, more colors and prints in Florida and more coats and layering systems in Halifax, right. So that's our model. And so the planning systems to do that to continue to grow comps are critical. And that's what we're working on, as well as capacity and flowback to our manufacturers to really control our cost of goods, who has what manufacturing capacity so that we can increase our chase and our flexibility. So the systems that allow us to do that are the first 2 priorities. We also have to work on our e-Commerce. So you're seeing us right now doing the work on the localized pages. And so the infrastructure for that, the systems, we're opening a new IT center to support that in San Francisco because that allows us to gain the talent. What we've noticed already, because the office lease is signed, we're in the hiring process, we have 10 high-qualified applicants rather than 2 that took -- and taking us 6 months to close some of those IT positions. So that's why you're seeing us gain some traction in the spend that we're doing because we're finally being able to hire the right people to drive our e-Commerce business. So that's also critical growth drivers. So the returns show up in our comps pretty quickly. But we still got a lot of -- once we get those systems up and running, but the investment period and the working period to implement those is 18 to 24 months for even just the first phases. And because flow is so critical to us, you'll see us continue to make investments there. Other investments are in our financial system to be able to take on complexity of additional channels, product lines and geography. And so those are a couple of year investments. As we said earlier in the call, we do view 2012 as a heavy investment. We're also building our bench strength, particularly in the design and the merchandise areas to allow us to again do that localized store strategy. And the comp drivers, we've spoken to some of those already, newness, flow. The big difference we see coming into this year is our ability to smooth out the flow on a weekly delivery of the product, which is giving us a much more consistent comp cadence than we've had in the past. And because we've improved our internal processes, our factories are able to be more responsive in partnership with us, so we're not -- towards the back half of the year, we won't have to carry as much inventory because our flow will be improved. So comp drivers are mainly newness, that innovation that we've talked about and just growing brand awareness and traffic in so many of our North America stores, a tremendous amount of our comp still comes from traffic. 
Dana Telsey: And any update just on the long-term operating margin target? 
Christine Day: We were really pleased to calculate Q4 and actually see that our net income margin was 19%, which is pretty close to our -- about 18 months ago, operating margin target of 20%. So I'll let John talk about where he thinks the target... 
John Currie: Again, I've been saying for a long time, since I upped our operating margin target from that 20% that a margin profile of 55% gross margin and 25% operating margin, while we're in a heavy investment and growth stage of the company's evolution, is still valid and there's no change to that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird. 
Erika Maschmeyer: Could you talk a little bit about what your comp guidance assumes? Does it assume the first half trends continue through the remainder of your quarter? And a little bit in terms of thinking about the composition of the comp, how -- on comp driver front, I mean, how much of it is kind of innovation and newness versus growing brand awareness and maybe initial consumers buying more of the basic products, your black pants? And how does that look differently, I guess, in sort of Canada versus the U.S. or mature stores versus newer stores? 
John Currie: Let me start with the comp through the quarter, not that we give monthly or weekly guidance. But if you remember last year, we started the year inventory constrained, became more inventory constrained. And March was probably the low point. And then we got somewhat back in stock as April progressed. So our comp guidance and the tempo of it through the quarter is really looking at last year because the big driver this quarter is just availability of inventory and stock. 
Christine Day: I think if you just look at the timing for the year, last year, we had great opportunity -- year-over-year, we have great opportunity into Q1 to anniversary that. But now we're going to be up against a 26% comp in Q4. So we definitely expect it to normalize over the back half of the year. And just the complexion of comp, it's still being driven by very little pricing increase. Pricing increase comes from adding higher-value items, especially the seasonal and the new items that we're putting through. But a large part of it is traffic, and then a little bit in mix and ticket. But the biggest driver is still traffic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin: How should we think about the showroom strategy? Should the showroom number kind of continue to decline modestly as you fill in some of these markets? Or should it hang in there up around 30 or 40 going forward? 
Christine Day: We do expect it to be a little bit more in the 30s for a short period of time. And so you'll start to see us do more internationally. And then that would probably drive the number back up, but that probably won't be in 2012. So for 2012, that's the mid-30s as we kind of open, close. We are putting some in some more secondary markets, so you'll see some flurries of a couple-up. But on the whole, it will stay pretty constant to the mid-30s. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital. 
Edward Yruma: Can you talk a little bit about some of the investments to supply chain? I know that at periods last year, you've had some constraints, particularly around some of your proprietary materials. Do you have more dedicated manufacturing capacity? And kind of how could you improve some of those flows? 
Christine Day: We actually have a team that forecasts fabric now, which is like, as we talked about some of our SG&A investments, that we made investments in a new head of raw materials. We've made investments in the sourcing team, production team. We've brought on some additional factory capacity. So the main part is the partnership with the mills that we work with and working with them with innovation. And we've also frankly held bigger inventories of fabric, which has then allowed us to have more choice and responsiveness. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Taposh Bari with Jefferies & Company. 
Taposh Bari: I guess, 2 questions. One, on just a -- it seems like a theme developing here is growth is not going to come primarily from stores. E-Commerce is obviously a huge lever for you guys. So can you just give us some more color on how that mix of e-Comm versus brick-and-mortar varies versus some of your developed markets, perhaps Canada, the West Coast versus new markets? Just trying to get a better understanding of how you capture that incremental demand via e-Commerce despite what seems to be a fairly constrained box at around 3,000 square feet? 
Christine Day: Yes. I mean, I don't feel constrained by our box. I mean, if our average unit is $2,000 a square foot, we can flow a lot of through that store. So I'm not worried about our upside growth because our number one lever that we've talked about is still driving comps in existing stores. So as our U.S. store base matures, I mean, the comp growth that we produced out of Canada in Q4 was a big driver of the upside. So they're still in the low teens. So we're not, I feel, constrained by our store size to grow. The mix of e-Commerce, we're watching the consumer behaviors of like the 26, the 27-year-olds and watching what they're doing, how are they on mobile devices, et cetera, because we recognize the game is changing. And what's happening in tertiary markets with real estate and where do you have viable centers, so the whole landscape of real estate is changing as consumer behaviors change. And what we want to be is really flexible and well-poised to deal with how that consumer behavior is changing by watching, monitoring it and developing a really solid e-Commerce site. That's why we do 5-year leases, it gives us a lot of flexibility. So our goal is to be well-positioned and flexible and ahead of that game. And we feel that we are. 
Taposh Bari: That's helpful. Christine, I also just wanted to ask you a question about competition. So it seems like everybody wants to get into yoga apparel nowadays. Everybody wants to be lululemon. So looking at apparel as a category historically, low barriers to entry, a very competitive category, you guys obviously continue to prove that principle. So just trying to get your sense on where you see competition. Do you feel like it's increasing? Do you think it's healthy for innovation for your company? And I guess, ultimately, what gives you the confidence that you'll be able to sustain that high 20%-plus-type operating margin environment, given the competitive dynamics that we've seen historically in this category? 
Christine Day: I think what you see us doing this quarter is the perfect response to what we see occurring. I mean, I think if we started to settle and develop mediocre product and over-rely on our core or [indiscernible] product and try to gain efficiencies with big bulk buys, we'd allow competitive pressure to occur. And ultimately, we'd be competing on price. So we have clearly stated what our 4 brand pillars are and we make investments in those, which is obviously the community, the technical products, keeping our stores fresh and our people. And I think our guest experience is pretty unparalleled in the retail world, and that is a big part of our success. So it's managing those points of differentiation, continuing to deepen the competitive moats and staying on top of our product. And the 55% gross margin in product is nothing to apologize for across the retail apparel world. So I think we have a great opportunity with the rate of innovation we're doing. And we still have a lot of efficiencies to get in the supply chain. So I'm not worried about continuing to deliver a north of 25% operating margin, even as it's a more competitive environment, as long as we do the things we need to do to keep the guest excited about our product and our guest experience. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn from Macquarie. 
Lizabeth Dunn: I'm really interested in the acceleration and comp trend that you saw in the fourth quarter and some of the factors behind that. Can you just talk about your learnings with color? And you've already talked about some of the innovation. And I think when we spoke at ICR, we talked a little bit about sort of rationalizing some of the pant SKUs. Can you just talk about some of the learnings from the fourth quarter that translate into continuing that comp trend through 2012? 
Christine Day: Really, what we saw, if you remember last year, the cadence was under-inventoried, we chased. But when you're chasing, what you buy is what you can get available capacity factors from your manufacturers and you don't necessarily have choice in fabrics, you don't have -- so we kind of -- we felt – means you were limited guest availability. And we felt that, that slowed the Canadian business, maybe more than we anticipated. And so what we really saw in Q4 was as we really set up and grow great product innovation, great color and assortment, the rebound in the Canadian business for us, going from a mid-single-digit comp to a low double-digit comp, shows that the guests was just hungry for great product. And that's what's also fueling our U.S. business. And we believe that the pods will continue to allow us to do that same thing both in Canada and in the U.S. And we have rationalized some SKUs. And the pant wall and being a little bit tighter about that, but the guest expects us to innovate as well. We are really clear about what core product is, and making sure that we are constantly reinventing that and keeping it fresh for the guests. So we feel really good about the product line assortment. You do see more flow of newness into the stores, but at the same time, real focus on that core business. So I think we've got the balance right, right now. We feel really good about our product assortment. And a good sign is always when everybody in the office rushes up to the store on the product drop delivery days to grab the new stuff. And we see that a lot around the office these days, so we're pretty excited. 
Operator: Our last question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just to follow up on e-Commerce and ivviva, what -- and the initial reads there. What was the contribution from ivviva to the e-Commerce growth this quarter? And then one quick follow-up on the core lululemon concept. You have warehouses in Baton Rouge, Ann Arbor, Madison, Wisconsin, Knoxville and Charlottesville. What are the initial reads you're getting from that college-age consumer that's obviously outside of kind of the core avatar that you've talked about before? 
Christine Day: You mean showrooms versus warehouses? 
John Kernan: Showrooms, sorry. 
Christine Day: Yes. Okay. I was thinking, "Wow, I don't remember those. Do we have fakes going out in those?" We have had an extremely strong reaction from guests in the Midwest and a really strong product adoption. And frankly, we were a little surprised about that in the beginning. So those showrooms, as John talked about, in Q4, we saw increased showroom sales across all the markets, which contributed to our success. So initial read in all of those markets has been very favorable. 
John Currie: And the question on ivviva e-Commerce, I mean, it's doing fine, but it's not material to the overall number. 
Christine Day: Did you mean e-Commerce separate or ivviva e-Commerce? 
John Kernan: ivviva e-Commerce. 
Christine Day: Okay. Yes. I mean, so very early in the induction. They had -- they exceeded our internal target for the fourth quarter and a strong upswing in the U.S. But we're still in the very early stages of building brand awareness. And for us, keeping it small, growing it at the right rate, really honing it to the customer, getting it right is -- continues just to be our focus there. We have so much opportunity in North America that we want to make sure we're not distracted. We give things time in the new concepts and these tests that we're doing in product, time to perc so we have the levers to pull when we want to pull a stronger growth trajectory. But we're not in a hurry. I want to be really clear about that, too. 
Operator: And now I turn the conference back to the host for closing comments. 
Christine Day: Okay. I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we're -- as I stated earlier, I'm very excited about 2012 and the opportunity we see in front of us. The infrastructure that we've built, the people that we've added, the depth and breadth of the team, I feel more confident coming into 2012 than I think I have at any point in the company about our team's capacity to deliver. And I'm so excited about our opportunity to drive the women's athletic, technical and beautiful product category, which we believe that we're leading today. Thank you, everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-09-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Currie - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Joseph Teklits - Senior Managing Director Sheree Waterson - Executive Vice President of General Merchandise Management, Supply Chain and Logistics Christine Day - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Chris Ladd - Senior Vice President of Global Ecommerce
Analysts: Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christian Buss - Thomas Weisel Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. John Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc. Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC John Zolidis - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the lululemon athletica Second Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now introduce our host for today, Mr. Joe Teklits with ICR. Sir, please go ahead.
Joseph Teklits: Okay, good morning. Thanks for joining us today for lululemon's second quarter 2011 results conference call. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the commission's website at www.sec.gov. Also available in the Investor Relations section of the company's website will be a recording of today's call, which will be available for 30 days as a replay shortly after we end. Hosting the call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. We'd like to remind everyone, of course, that statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. And with that, I will turn the call over to Christine Day.
Christine Day: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. With me today is John Currie, our CFO. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John to review the financial details for the quarter and outlook for the third quarter and full year. Our business remained very healthy through the second quarter, and in the first half of 2011, we have achieved milestones for our company in sales productivity and operating margin while growing pretax income by more than 60%. And more importantly, our success continues to be based on running a healthy brand-focused business that consistently delivers product quality and innovation, along with a great guest experience, attributes that we are passionate about that have enabled us to build a brand recognition and win the loyalty of our existing customers. So not only are we growing nicely, including revenue growth of almost 40% in the second quarter, we also continue to invest in a strong foundation for building long-term success, and we believe that we are well positioned to continue our growth initiatives despite any potential recessionary retail environment and product inflation headwinds.  Adding to a major initiative earlier this year, which was transitioning our e-Commerce platform in-house, we also continue to advance on a number of fronts. First, we took the next step with ivivva with the launch of our new ivivva e-Commerce site in Canada with the U.S. to follow late fall. ivivva is all about dance, movement and fun, and we are excited to bring this to life for Canadian girls nationwide with our new online store that captures the vibrant colors and technical features of the product assortment, as well as other cool features on the new site. Also for ivivva, we are developing a new line in partnership with Disney Consumer Products for spring 2012 providing girls with dance-inspired athletic wear that fits their active lifestyle and ties back to the Disney Channel dance comedy series, Shake It Up! Next we are rolling out Australian stores at a more rapid pace this year than originally planned, now 7 stores versus an original plan of 2. We are very confident in our ability to continue to grow the Australian business, given the strong guest response to brand and business results and the great team that we have in place there.  We also continue to make new hires and investments and to spend on building our infrastructure for e-Commerce, international and other expansion plans in order to prepare for the future. Beginning next year, you will see us add additional country sites to our e-Commerce, along with other grassroot strategies to seize the market while remaining focused on the large opportunity we continue to have in the U.S.  Another major initiative for us has been improving our inventory flow. We have achieved one of our objectives, which is to be inventoried in our core and key items. Our inventory position on new and seasonal items is still a little lighter than we would like it to be for Q3, and we will continue to build levels in those categories throughout the quarter. Our focus going forward will be on-time deliveries and the flow of new styles for the optimal mix of colors, seasonal items and innovation. This matches our new product initiatives, which are focused on technical product, new fabrication, as well as new features within our basics such as a new seaming technology. Better flow of this merchandise is an opportunity for us in the remainder of 2011 and 2012, especially in Canada where our customer gravitates towards anything new that we introduce.  Looking at the second half of the year, we believe we can grow pretax income by close to 30% on top of strong growth a year ago despite product cost pressures. We have worked hard to develop a winning formula. We're going to stick with it and continue to make it even more potent as we develop new areas for growth. As we said on our last call, we are confident that we are strategically positioned to manage through the current economic environment. We see many opportunities ahead, and we are in a position to pursue them in a sensible way. We've strived to balance the expansion of our brand with the integrity of our brand and with the end result being long-term shareholder value creation.  Now over to John.
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our second quarter 2011, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the third quarter and the full year fiscal 2011. On June 8, our shareholders approved our proposed 2-for-1 stock split, which took effect in early July. But please keep in mind that all comments with regard to share count and per share amounts in our results and outlook are now on a post stock split basis. The second quarter total net revenue rose 39.5% to $212.3 million from $152.2 million in the second quarter of 2010. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 20% on a constant-dollar basis; the addition of 18 net new corporate-owned stores in North America and 3 stores in Australia since Q2 of 2010; direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by $8.9 million driven by increased traffic and conversion; and a stronger Canadian and Australian dollar, which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $8.3 million or 4.1%.  During the quarter, we opened 8 corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S. and one in Australia. We ended the quarter with 151 total stores versus 130 a year ago, 147, of which are corporate-owned and 4 franchise stores all in the U.S. There are now 117 stores in our comp base, 40 of those in Canada, 68 in the United States and 9 in Australia. Corporate-owned stores represented 83.9% of total revenue or $178.2 million versus 85.1% or $129.4 million in the second quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled $18.6 million or 8.8% of total revenue versus $9.6 million or 6.3% of total revenue in the second quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes franchise, wholesale, showrooms and outlets totaled $15.5 million or 7.3% of revenue for the second quarter versus $13.1 million or 8.6% of revenue in the second quarter last year. Gross profit for the second quarter was $122.1 million or 57.5% of net revenue, compared to $80.3 million or 52.8% of net revenue in Q2 2010. The factors which contributed to this 470-basis point increase in gross margin were as follows: product margin improvement of 210 basis points; higher product cost due to inflationary pressures from raw material and labor, along with higher airfreight to accelerate product deliveries were more than offset by fewer markdowns and discounts associated with strong product sell-through and improvements in duty rates and other input costs. Leverage on non-merchandise cost such as occupancy, depreciation and product and supply chain team costs, including efficiencies from our new U.S. distribution center contributed 160 basis points of improvement and foreign exchange improvement of 100 basis points due to stronger Canadian and Australian dollars. SG&A expenses were $62.6 million or 29.5% of net revenue compared with $46.1 million or 30.3% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 35.9% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores and showrooms and growth at existing locations, an increase in head office employee cost, including management incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation and other head office costs as a result of the investment in people and systems needed for long-term growth. And finally, the higher Canadian and Australian dollars, which increased the SG&A by $2.5 million or 4.1%. These increases were partially offset by cost efficiencies gained as a result of transitioning our e-Commerce platform to our in-house model. As a percent of revenue, our second quarter SG&A decreased by 80 basis points due mainly to the e-Commerce operating cost improvement following this transition. As a result, operating income for the second quarter was $59.5 million or 28% of net revenue, compared with $34.2 million or 22.5% of net revenue in 2010. Other income including net interest expense totaled $0.6 million compared to $2.1 million in the second quarter of 2010. The decrease was primarily a result of an accounting gain recorded in fiscal 2010 relating to our acquisition of a controlling interest in the Australia business during the 2010 quarter.  Tax expense for the quarter was $21.5 million or a tax rate of 35.7%, compared to $14.6 million or a tax rate of 43% in the second quarter of 2010. Net income for the quarter was $38.4 million or $0.26 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $21.8 million or $0.15 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2010.  Our weighted average shares -- weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 145.2 million versus 143.5 million a year ago, which has been adjusted for the 2-for-1 stock split. Capital expenditures were $12.5 million in the second quarter relating to new store buildouts, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. We ended the quarter with $264.7 million in cash and cash equivalents.  With respect to our inventory position, as Christine mentioned, throughout the second quarter, we continued to improve our product flow in stock position. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $88.9 million or 34% higher than at the end of the second quarter of 2010. Having said that, a portion of this inventory increase comes from higher product cost as opposed to higher quantities on hand. So the actual units available for sale coming into the third quarter are up by a lesser amount over the prior year. Our inventory quantities have and will continue to improve with stronger inventory inflow as the third quarter progresses.  So this now leads me to our outlook for the third quarter of 2011. Let's assume the Canadian dollar at par with the U.S. dollar compared with an average exchange rate of $0.97 in Q3 of 2010. We anticipate revenue in the range of $225 million to $230 million. This is based on comparable store sales percentage increase in the low to mid-teens on a constant-dollar basis compared to the third quarter of 2010.  We plan to open 11 lululemon stores in the U.S. and 3 in Australia during the third quarter. On September 2, we closed on the acquisition of the 3 Colorado franchise stores. So going forward, these stores will be accounted for as corporate stores. We expect slight gross margin compression versus the third quarter of 2010 driven by higher product cost from sourcing pressures in both labor and raw materials as we previously discussed. We've made the strategic decision not to pass on higher product cost to the guests through higher pricing.  Sequentially from Q2 2011, we expect gross margin to decline as we seasonally move towards our fall merchandise, which carries a lower merchandise margin, along with a return to more normalized markdown levels associated with more sufficient inventory levels. During the third quarter, we expect to continue to see cost efficiencies as a result of the transition of our e-Commerce platform to an in-house model, but at the same time, we will be increasing our reinvestment back into the e-Commerce business to develop the necessary foundation to achieve the potential growth trajectory of this channel. Our SG&A will also reflect higher store level compensation designed to attract and retain the best staff. Preopening cost related to the 14 stores planned to open in Q3 and additional stores planned to open in early Q4 and additional resources at our head office to continue to drive longer-term scalability and growth. As a result, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to slightly deleverage against the third quarter 2010. Assuming a tax rate of 36% and 145.5 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the third quarter to be in the range of $0.22 to $0.24 per share. For the full fiscal year 2011, we anticipate we will open a total of up to 35 corporate-owned stores, including Australia and ivivva locations. As Christine mentioned, the increase over our previous target of 30 stores for this year comes from 5 additional openings planned for Australia as a result of the strong momentum of the business there. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $930 million to $950 million for the fiscal year, representing revenue growth of approximately 30% over 2010. For the year, we expect gross margin to increase slightly from fiscal year 2010 due mainly to leverage gained in the first half of 2011.  As we've discussed on previous earnings calls, sourcing pressures are expected to be greater in the second half compared to the first half of 2011, and we expect will account for approximately 225 to 250 basis points of gross margin compression relative to the back half of 2010. We also expect to see more normalized markdowns with inventory levels at more appropriate levels. This will be offset by leverage on fixed costs such as occupancy and depreciation, more so in Q4 than Q3 due to seasonality of sales volumes.  Keep in mind also when we transition into fall and winter, there's a seasonal mix shift in our product assortment that will result in lower merchandise margins compared to the first half of 2011. Adding this all up, we expect our second half gross margin to be in line with our historical targets in the low to mid-50s range. We do expect, however, to enjoy leverage on overall SG&A as we gain cost efficiencies from the transition of our e-Commerce platform to our in-house model and leverage on our SSC costs in place, offset by higher store compensation designed to attract and retain the best staff and investments to continue to drive longer-term scalability and growth.  So as a result, overall, we expect our operating margin to leverage slightly over 2010. We expect 2011 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.10 to $1.14, up from our previous guidance of $1.05 to $1.08 on a split-adjusted basis. This reflects the beat of $0.04 in Q2 and an additional $0.02 from improved expectations for the second half of the year. This is based on 145.4 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 36%.  We expect capital expenditures to be between $113 million and $108 million for fiscal 2011, reflecting the purchase of our store support center of $65.1 million plus closing costs in the first quarter, as well as new store buildouts, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office CapEx.  With that, I'll turn it back to Christine.
Christine Day: Thank you, John. And as always, I'd like to thank all of our educators and managers for making these results possible, as well as a big shout-out to our e-Commerce team for all of the work they did with the transition and how happy we are with the transition with the e-Commerce launch and excited about some of the initiatives that we have happening for Q3.  So with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michelle Tan from Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So Christine, I was wondering you mentioned some of the new innovations that you've rolled out, some of the lighter weight, seaming and things like that. I was wondering if you could just give us a little more color on the kind of things you've added in over the last couple of months and what the response has been. And then just an update on what you're seeing out of some of the newer markets that you've opened up in the U.S. over the last 6 months.
Christine Day: Great. Let me start with the third one. In the U.S., the business has just been phenomenal, and the new markets that we're opening in, including and particularly the Midwest area, the guests have just been phenomenally responsive, so we're very happy with the productivity of our new stores. And just in general, very happy coast to coast with where the U.S. businesses and the growth that we're seeing there. In terms of new product innovation, first, we're just happy to have really great products in the stores. I think us and our guests are very relieved to see the level of products that we have. And in the Men's business right now, particularly we've got some great products in the outerwear that we're very excited about. It's the best Men's presentation we've had all year, and with that, I'm going to turn it over to Sheree to talk about some of the other new products such as we have the bike pod and some other things in the quarter.
Sheree Waterson: Great. As Christine just mentioned, we had a cycling capsules that did very well, and we continue to leverage our learnings from this capsules and put those into both our yoga and our run technologies. On the technical front, we have more no sew technology than we've ever had before, which is laser cutting and gluing, laser cut venting and mesh technology, along with more seamless technology and something that we're calling, Light As Air, which is ultra light jackets, ultra light run skirts and ultra light run tops. So those have all been really very well-received.
Christine Day: The only issue is more of those items.
Sheree Waterson: That's right.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. And then John, can you put any color around the comment on the Midwest just in terms of level of initial volumes relative to the U.S. or some kind of metrics so we can understand the performance there?
John Currie: Yes, as I said last quarter, we're opening new stores. I mean, it's hard to extrapolate when the store's only been opened for a few weeks. But we're opening stores in the U.S. in the Midwest and thousands, 1,100 or higher per square foot trajectory. The U.S. average is now up well over 1,300 a foot. So it's as you'd expect, it's 75%, 80% of the more mature U.S. store base, which is a great place to start and will contribute to the high comps going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg from JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I did have a couple of questions. It seemed to me that the merchandise margin improvement in the second quarter was higher or greater than it was in the first quarter, and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what drove that even though you've had airfreight. And I think your product cost pressure was greater in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter, and so I'd like to learn a little bit more about that. Also, on the new product that's coming in, and I'm wondering about the cycling category and if that will be developed into a full-scale business category as we move forward for both men and women. And I was also wondering, Christine, if you could talk about the success of the Hong Kong showroom, and if that could lead to some other international showroom development this year.
John Currie: Okay. So maybe I'll start on the gross margin question. Actually, the inflationary pressure on our gross margin was similar in Q2 to what it was in Q1. Q2, I think the -- a pleasant result, better than we had expected was we continue to see very little, if any, markdown, and that made a huge contribution to the product margin in Q2. And in addition, I mean, there's a number of smaller items. We've been working on the efficiency of our duties. There's efficiencies through shifting to other countries and the way we characterize our buys from our suppliers, we can reduce duties. And that's starting to benefit our gross margin.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And that's something that could continue to benefit the gross margin, John, and help to offset some cost pressures?
John Currie: Yes, for the most part, that should continue.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. Sheree, on cycling and...?
Sheree Waterson: I have to say we love cycling. We absolutely do there's -- because of the fact that it's a multi-pronged type of business. It's commuting, it's road-biking, it's spins. It's all of that. And the capitals have been successful. We have a strategy to leverage e-Commerce for this as well, so that we can show our cycling capital for a longer period of time. Right now for the next couple of quarters, we're just going to be leveraging the capital strategy that we have, which is infusing our current assortment with drops quarterly or twice quarterly and stay tuned, stay tuned.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. And Christine, on Hong Kong?
Christine Day: On Hong Kong, we did move the showroom because we moved our office to a bigger location. So we're no longer on the 14th floor of a dental building. We are in a main office area, which did take it a little bit out of the retail traffic area. So we are looking at that from -- to put a second one in that's maybe closer back to the business trade area. That said, we want to make sure that we're really ready from a systems and an operating perspective to support the volume that we know that would do. So our constraint isn't market opportunity. It's just making sure we don't do things that distract from building the operating capability. Kathryn Henry, our new CIO, is working very hard to deliver a tremendous amount of capability in our supply chain and operating systems, and we don't want to distract from that effort by adding too early things that would not allow us to be as successful.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: So this will be it for international showrooms this year?
Christine Day: This year.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. And what about product costing, Sheree? We're hearing that cotton has come down quite substantially for the first half of next year, and I'm wondering what you're seeing and how much that could benefit your sourcing cost next year.
Sheree Waterson: Sure. Cotton is coming down, but as I mentioned in the last call, we are not a cotton house, we're a technical house. So the benefits of that might be seen more elsewhere than at lululemon, but we are obviously, seeing those benefits. But additionally, we continue to invest in technology. So one thing that you'll see is more innovation in terms of our run line, our cycling line and so on and so forth. So you'll see some of that gain offset by additional investment in technical products.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Well, has there been any relief on the technical fabric costs that you've been investing in?
Sheree Waterson: Some, some.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Paul Alexander for Lorraine. Could you guys give us a little bit more color around the third quarter comp guidance? Its acceleration from the first half, and I think that makes sense given the difficult comparisons, but what else goes into that? What else are you contemplating? Are you seeing anything in the macro environment or in the competitive environment? And then can you remind us what the inventory position was like last third quarter, fourth quarter? Were you overly lean back then as well?
John Currie: Okay. So, I mean, going into the comp guidance, a number of things. And first of all, the stronger performance last Q3 that we're lapping, and that's the same for Q4. In terms of our inventory position, as we mentioned, maybe a little bit lighter than we like to have been at the start of the quarter but definitely improving through this quarter and through the rest of the year. As always, our guidance, our outlook is influenced by what's going on in the macroeconomy. We all read the headlines. Having said that, we're not saying that we're seeing that in our business. But we're just being cautious of what's going on in the world. From a competitive point of view, as always, we're watching the competition. We're aware of them. We are not seeing any measurable impact from new competition.
Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. Did you see anything in your business in early August with the height of market volatility?
John Currie: No, what we saw in early August was light inventory coming into the quarter. And when inventory came in, our sales reflected that fact.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about speed to market, what you're seeing now, what further opportunities there are and how it may help gross margin and inventory? And you mentioned ivivva. Any update there whether it's cost or what you're seeing. And just lastly, shops, the operating margins by store and direct showing terrific improvement. Where do you see the opportunity go forward?
Christine Day: Maybe I'll start with the ivivva question. Where we've reached some scale in that business has really helped the operating margin of the business, and we have built out a team to successfully drive that business. So especially with going online, we're now exceeding the minimum. So our general manager of that business, Bree, has done a fantastic job building just the brand strategy that's really resonated with the guest, really firmed up the product line. So we're very excited about where we are with that concept and the opportunity. So we feel very positive about the business model, the brand model and how the guest is responding to that. So we're looking forward to expanding that concept. So your next question, Dana, was on...
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Speed to market.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: It's definitely our -- if you look at our strategic plan, it's probably number -- opportunity #1 and #2 and #3 and #4. Working on flow and being really good at flowing our business. As you know, we have less inventory risk in carrying products because we're not a fashion house. That said, it still has some long lead time, especially with the new technologies that we're developing. So what we're focused on is putting teams here that are planning and developing that much farther in advance so that it smooths out our ability to deliver that on time and have technical innovation. So when we say more seasonal items for us they're really technical innovations and designs. It's not about fashion, and it's about the ability to deliver those complex items on time and quickly. And we're very excited about not only the systems that we've been putting in place, the teams that we've been putting in place to do this. And I think you'll see us really make great strides in that in the balance of this year and into next year, being able to deliver a constant flow of new technical items to the market very quickly.
John Currie: Your question on operating margins, as you say, we are showing improvement both in stores and direct with the comp store sales increases and even new stores with pretty good leases we're signing, we're getting good leverage on occupancy and depreciation. So that's what's driving that and in particular, we worked hard over the past couple of years to put caps in on our percentage rent. So there's a lot of stores now that were hitting that cap and therefore, the leverage on higher volumes drops to the operating margin. On the direct side, I think what you saw this quarter was being the first quarter on our own platform, you're seeing the kind of flow-through that we can achieve in that business, which, of course, excites me, until Chris Ladd says he actually has to spend some money to achieve the tremendous growth I think we can see in revenue in that channel. So you'll probably see over the next few quarters, as I've mentioned, some investments to continue to improve the website and then even into next year as we add country-specific sites for other countries. There'll be an investment that will moderate the operating margin in that channel. But as you can see, it's very strong.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Taposh Bari from Jefferies & Company.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I had a question I guess I just wanted to follow up on inventories. Can you just, I guess, clarify for us what the difference is between I guess some of the constraints you're seeing or you saw in the second quarter of this year versus the first quarter? I guess the basis of my question is going back to I guess it was April in your fourth quarter call it, my sense is that your inventory issues would have been resolved by the third quarter. So has anything changed between then and now? And then I guess just finalizing the question, at what point do you expect your inventories to be kind of fully balanced with the strong level of demand that you guys are seeing?
Christine Day: I think with where we were in Q2 was getting back in stock. To meet the sales plan level that basically in our core and what we call key items, which are like mainly our colored tanks and your colored core. And then we were still chasing a little bit into Q3 some of the more seasonal and some of the technical new getting that in enough volume to support the growth opportunity. So that's probably where the timing in the beginning of Q3, we were still a little lighter than we would have wanted to be. We feel very good by the end of Q3, which we're hitting right now that we're there. And so we feel for Q4 we'll be in a very good inventory position not only in volume, but in mix. And then you'll see that really be in a good position for Q1. We don't want a repeat of last year, so we feel very good that we're in a good position for Q4 and Q1.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. So is there a way to quantify, I know it's tough, is there a way to help us quantify what the impact was from the inventory issues in the second quarter versus what you saw in the first quarter? Were they comparable or was the magnitude lower in the second quarter versus the first?
Christine Day: I think it was a little. It was lower in Q1.
John Currie: In Q1, as you recall, it's very distinct because it was, as I said back then, we started Q1 at a 20% comp. When we ran low, it dropped to low double digits. It wasn't so defined in Q2. So we're better. It's a bit lumpy though.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Do you have some kind of outlook you could provide us with where you expect inventories to be either at the end of 3Q or at the end of 4Q?
John Currie: I'd rather not because it's a point in time, and that means we have to be precise on the timing of the flow. We've got lots of inventory coming in adequate to meet our targets for Q3 and Q4. But I don't want to pin to a number.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That's fair. And then I just wanted to follow up with a second question just geographic performance. So I think it's interesting that you guys are seeing Australia outperform considering that the retail environment there has been really challenging and a lot of other companies U.S.-based that are operating there are seeing weakness in Australia. So can you just maybe talk about Canada, Australia and the U.S. and how these geographies are performing for you?
John Currie: Sure. I mean Canada, as you know, we've been here for 11 years now, tremendous productivity. And a lot of other retailers are calling out Canada as being a problem in the first half of the year. We're continuing to see positive comps in Canada in spite of some level of maturity here. And our business here gets even stronger when we have that new product, that innovative product come in. So we're solid single-digit comps in Canada. In the U.S. and Australia, you're seeing similar levels of comp store increases each year, and it's somewhat masked by the overall. Both the U.S. and Australia are comping well into the 30s. So if you just isolate those 2 countries, that's tremendous growth in a tough environment as you say. And yes, we continue to see that in spite of the macro environment.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura Securities.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Two questions. One, just wondering and sorry if these were asked and I missed it. But if there's been any impact from the Athleta stores opening nearby your stores? And then second, John, I'm just wondering at what point you would actually pass through higher cost to customers, higher sourcing costs that is.
John Currie: Well, on the Athleta question, I mean, I keep asking the same question whether it's Athleta or other and the answer is consistently there's no measurable impact. So yes, that's what we're seeing there. Sorry, what was your second question?
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: At what point would you pass through some of the higher costs that you're seeing to customers? How high would it have to get?
Christine Day: I think we're comfortable with the current level of anticipated costs, and we have enough efficiency in the system and leverage that we feel that the best value for the long-term brand is to stay kind of put. That said, what we look at is as we design a more technical garment that we do take the pricing on those. So I think you'll see the pricing kind of expand in the new garments with where we have that technical value that demonstrates for the guest and then keeping some of the core basic at the current level of pricing unless we do a specialty item for the season. So for instance, a specialty hoodie or defined jackets or something that has something unique in it, but keeping the basics priced well, and then taking pricing in the new technical garment and probably ending up with a more kind of blended approach.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a quick question on direct-to-consumer. I think on the last conference call, you had indicated you were hoping that would be about 10% of sales for the full year. I just wanted to see how you are tracking towards that goal, is that something you think is beatable when all is said and done this year.
John Currie: Yes, because of the transition as you recall, it was something lower I think it was about 7.4% in Q1, 8.8% in Q2, which was lower at the start of the quarter and ended the quarter at something close to that 10% level. So with us being a little bit behind that 10% target, we still feel that we'll very close to that for the year, but not likely to be above that for this fiscal year.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then on the ivivva-Disney partnership, could you explain that a little bit more? Is that product only going to be sold at ivivva? Is it going to be sold through any Disney channels or any kind of color on that would be good.
Christine Day: We won't sell it through any of the Disney Channels, but we are working with them on unique opportunities, which would be either more pop up or trunk show-type things in the U.S. to increase our pressure -- our presence there. It will be sold to a select number of items that it will have a tag that will indicate them as Shake It Up! items, and those will be available online and in our stores.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Black from Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black: You've done a great job with your jackets as far as the diversity, and it looks like there's a lot more detail in your outerwear, which I just noticed you raised your price point on the new raincoat. And I wondered if you could give a little bit more color on these categories as far as will you do more outerwear? I know it's been a small percent, and then I have a follow-up question.
Christine Day: Sheree?
Sheree Waterson: Yes, outerwear is a category that's on fire for us right now. And I guess the question that you'd ask is are we going to be doing more outerwear. I think we're going to be doing more variety in outerwear. Our guest is really, really responding to not only the function, but the beauty and the novelty I think of some of the offerings. So we're looking at that. There's also other types of outerwear that are coming up on our radar like lightweight puffy's so on and so forth that are excellent as part of the layering system for run or upper yoga. So, yes.
Jennifer Black: Well, and my follow-up I have actually 2 follow-up questions. You've done a great job as far as the improvements on your website, and I wondered if you -- there were additional improvements coming, and will you have the ability at some point, I don't know if you have the systems to pull inventory from the web or from other stores. Will the sales associates be able to do that? And then I have one more question.
Chris Ladd: Jennifer, it's Chris. I think what you saw in Q2 was us really settling into the platform and really understanding how the team works with it. And I think where you're seeing us focus now and to give you a preview of what's coming, yes, look for some expanded improvements heading into holiday for the site itself. And then I think longer term, we are looking at what are those right cross-channel opportunities specifically around the inventory availability to allow our guests to find the products that they're looking for and how can we help them. So I think that's more of a broader-term strategy for us, but I think you will see us focused in the short term on improving the overall experience on lululemon.com. And we've been really excited to do that in the short term.
Christine Day: Chris, you maybe want to speak to our mobile app?
Chris Ladd: Yes. And, Jennifer, I don't know if you saw, we did launch our mobile site in the quarter, and that product is already exceeding our expectations. We know that our guest is a pretty active mobile user. She has her particular iPhone with her during the day, and she's actually transacting pretty regularly on it, and so we're really pleased with the progress we've made to-date so far there.
Jennifer Black: Great, and as far as being able to pull inventory?
Chris Ladd: Yes, I think that's a longer-term strategy for us and one that we're looking at right now. I think initially just getting the right level of product availability in the inventory in our DCs to serve our current e-Commerce business has been our primary focus. And then once we sharpen the pencil there and get better at that, I think you'll see us expand our strategies beyond that.
Jennifer Black: Okay. Great. Well, my last question has to do with what your strategies are for holiday and accessories. Will we see accessories and any comments about holiday would be great.
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree. I think we continue to add newness in our bags and we also -- our guests loves it when we have technical run accessories that go with the run technical lines that we have. So we're looking forward to doing more of that. And one thing that I think that we're going to capitalize on this year in addition to more variety in some of the bags and as I said, the technical is just more better outfitting that we have, which is a huge gift item is our luon outfits tops and so on and so forth have been great gift-giving items so.
Christine Day: And just being really in stock in bags, in socks and those items is just holiday season for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erika Maschmeyer from Robert W. Baird.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Could you share your thoughts on how the U.K. is doing with your current distribution and thoughts around how you might expand that next year?
Christine Day: We've only had a one strategic sales partner in the market that's gone back fully over 4 or 5 years now. And it's in the King's Road area and has done very, very well and continues to have as the brand grows tremendous demand. And we've expanded now to several other strategic wholesale accounts and what we do in the U.S. so that we have a presence there primarily for the Summer Olympics in 2012. And you'll see us do some activity around that, but we're not ready to a commit to opening that market until we really get our supply chain systems in place so that we can handle the complexity that we know that, that takes to execute. And we're really trying not to do a lot of ancillary things that detract from our ability to really get the infrastructure right, right now. So even though we see tremendous opportunity in those markets and great demand coming through on e-Commerce, we're trying to stay disciplined and not add any more complexity to the work that the team is doing right now.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then just a follow-up on your international e-Commerce. Have you seen the penetration there jump now that you don't have to call customers back to confirm their credit card information?
Christine Day: Yes, and happier customers.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: That's definitely better. And then in terms of you mentioned additional resources at the head office, could you just talk about where you're prioritizing the growth now and adding the most of the team and where do you feel you have the most pressing hires?
Christine Day: We're definitely working in that digital space and building out Chris' team, and we had tremendous opportunity in things like content in our editorial voice in the brand area and sharing our story, which we think is really, really critical for us. So a lot of the web infrastructure, everything from that content side, certainly the e-Commerce platform and that breaks us into Catherine's team, the IT team building our debt. So we're able to be self-sufficient in our systems, not as dependent on outside contractors and consultants. So Catherine's done a very nice job of building a team since she's got here. And then still in the design group, we still see many opportunities to be innovative, and we have so many product ideas bringing in the talent to develop those and continuing to deepen our bench in the designers, which we view as a critical area. And then as we're growing as a company making sure that we have enough in our plan for succession planning and that we're at the executive and then developing the next layers is what we're really working on for you to see some general staffing increases at the mid-management level, but primarily areas are the digital IT, brand and products and supply chain and product.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So everywhere?
Christine Day: Yes. I'll tell you. We've been a little spin-around here.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Can you talk a little bit about sustainability of your markdowns? I know that you benefited clearly from having some really strong demand but as inventory picks up and comes more aligned with your existing sales trends, do you expect markdowns to increase in pressure gross margins?
John Currie: Yes, absolutely. I mean, our -- and that's been the last 2 quarters and the last -- end of last year, I think I've said every call that our gross margins come through higher than even we anticipated because of the real lack of markdowns. But the balance is if we want a better inventory position to meet demand by definition, there will be more cleanup, more markdowns. And so that can be a couple of hundred basis points of difference in the gross margin, and we do expect that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin from RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on new store openings, you kind of back up to that 35 number. And as you look forward, is that kind of number you're comfortable with or could it go even higher over the next couple of years per year?
John Currie: I mean, of course, we're not guiding on next year's store count yet. But as you know, with all the showrooms and all of the work we're doing to see market and make sure that we're prepared in every way to open new stores. We do have the ability to open more stores in this year. I'd say likely next year, it'll be more stores than this year. But we're not at a point to be more specific yet. But the capability is there to open at or above this level.
Christine Day: I think the only thing I'd add, John, is the one thing I think is very different for us from like 2009 when the recession hit and we cut back to preserve capital to kind of re-transcend, build on solid growth, we feel we're not in that position at all anymore. So one thing we want to be really clear on is we would not see ourselves slowing down. The growth of new stores in a moderate recession, it would have to be something pretty catastrophic before we would make a decision to pull new stores.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Zolidis from Buckingham Research.
John Zolidis - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: A couple of questions. First, one just housekeeping. What do you estimate the foreign currency benefited bottom line in the second quarter? And then second small question is just on the Men's, can you give us an update on how that's performing relative to the Women's products? And then lastly, a more strategic question. I was in one of your stores yesterday, and the product looks great, and the store looks fantastic. And clearly, the U.S. opportunity is very robust. So I'm a little bit confused as to why you're opening up a second concept of ivivva and pursuing growth in countries like Australia. One could argue it's fairly early point in the growth curve for the U.S. So just -- so if you could comment on the strategic approach from the timing of those initiatives.
John Currie: Let me just quickly deal with the currency one. I think last year, Q2 the Canadian dollar was about $0.97. It's about $100 a dollar for this year. It translated to somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.01 a share.
Christine Day: I think just addressing Australia, maybe you're not familiar with the story there but Chip prior to going public had opened a franchise there with a partner, and then he sold it to David Lawn at the time we went public and who is the former CEO of Rip Curl. And so David Lawn and some partners started to expand the concept there, and we bought it into that last year to the 80% mark. So David's developed a very profitable business model in Australia, and for us, there is tremendous learnings there about supporting an international market. And the learnings we also get from high labor costs and the high occupancy costs, how the model will translate globally has definitely been a benefit to us for future growth. And as we said in the call, our focus is North America. But in Canada, you've got a business that's 11 years old. It's very high productivity. We believe in a more scarcity model with stores with very high volume per store, and we've also teamed with this guest in Canada. We own a tremendous amount of her activewear wardrobe, and there's been tremendous demand to create that for a younger group of girls. And what we saw happening for the brand in Canada was as the customer got younger and younger, our target avatar is that 32-year-old, and she doesn't want to wear what 11-year-olds are wearing. So we felt strategically if we did not address product for that younger girl, there would be brand erosion in the Canadian market for our core lululemon. And so we've got a very successful concept in ivivva that we believe has great legs, but we are not in any way distracted from the North American opportunity for lululemon, which is why we're not -- even though we see tremendous global opportunity right now, pursuing that and staying focused on building the infrastructure to support the North American, particularly the U.S. expansion.
John Zolidis - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Could you comment on the sales productivity and returns in the ivivva stores in Australia relative to the U.S.?
John Currie: Australia, I'd say, is running sort of a year or 2 behind the U.S. in terms of the brand recognition. So we're seeing about $1,000 a square foot in Australia and a very high comp in the 30s. ivivva is still pretty young, and it's 700 to 800 a square foot at this point, but again comping very well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak from Barclays.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: A couple of things. I guess one, can you specifically comment on the comp in Canada? I just wanted to confirm you did not see a slow down from -- I heard what you said that you didn't see any slow down sequentially? Second of all, can you comment specifically on yoga pants where I've seen an explosion in competition, albeit not what you guys do. And then third, on the Men's business, I guess I'm in California, and I'm seeing a lot more of it just being worn around, and I'm wondering can you comment on the growth in that business and what you're seeing there and your confidence in your ability to take share in that market rather than people taking share from you and Women's?
John Currie: Okay, really quickly on Canada. As I said, the Canadian business is comping somewhere in the single digits. Q2 is actually slightly stronger comp than we saw in Q1. So it's not trending down. It's slightly the opposite.
Christine Day: Okay, on the yoga pant competition, we certainly see a proliferation in the marketplace of copy cat product that comes from sometimes the technical players, meaning the athletic wear players and -- but a lot from what I'd call the other softline casual wear, activewear-type players, with the performance and quality level is not really comparable. And I think that's our huge competitive advantage is the technical detailing of the pants, the longevity of it, the fit of the garment. So we're not really seeing anybody come up with something that as directly comparable, and the different channels that they're sold to. I think our guest experience in the store is also what brings that guest back. So even though there's a lot of proliferation, it's really coming at that lower -- it's on price in general and there are quality issues at that price for the guest. So we're not currently seeing any erosion or substitutions from our core guest who seems to be very loyal. In Men's, we've been very light on product as we've kind of re-shifted the line. We really felt in the past we weren't -- we had a lot of casual wear pieces and we weren't technical. So we stripped those out, stripped the inventory down and have worked on building a lot more technical line for Men's. And the response has been terrific. We have some items that the men are just incredibly loyal to such as the technical shirts and the shorts. And we're just now building on that targeted line. We have a fantastic new Men's designer. We're very excited about the product that he's putting out, and we think the Men's product we have in the store right now is some of the best that we've had. And I think you'll continue see that grow at a pace faster than Women's, but still staying still below that 15% in the store in the short term.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: ISI Group. Christine and John, I guess you guys deserve a shout-out too for the great execution this quarter. Christine, could you talk about kind of the way the brand has transformed? I know you haven't been there from the beginning, but I know you also have a great feel for what's -- how the company has transformed over time. Can you talk about the brand and the perceptions of the brand and perceptions of the product and how that's changed as the company has grown and moved into new markets whether it's the Midwest or the growth that you're seeing in Australia, maybe some of the stuff you have in Hong Kong or new categories, Men's. How are people, how are consumers -- you've done research around how consumers are viewing this brand and how it's changed?
Christine Day: We don't believe in a lot of formal research, but we believe in being present and being out there a lot. And so what I'm seeing and the team is seeing is a deep, deep affection and love of the brand for everything that we stand for, not only that product quality but the guest experience inside the stores, on the education, how we participate in the community that authentic giving, our relationship with ambassadors and the work that we do to support their businesses and in a very genuine way. I think what we're seeing is a very deep brand loyalty, which we're very proud of. And I think importantly, the people know that the product stands for something more than just the quality of the product. Really the brand association is with living a great and healthy life that you love, and that's really what we're focused on, and people know that the brand is more than just a product. And that they come to us for whether it's the goal-setting sessions that we do at our stores, as well as the free yoga classes that we do. People come in to feel good, and they feel good about the association with the brand, and that's critical part of our strategy is to continue on that.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: Would you say you're seeing the same thing on the Men's side due that same sort of relationship and that emotional connection?
Christine Day: I think most men would deny that, but we see I think there are a lot of technical products. And I think certainly, we see more men coming in to yoga, and we are that technical product for them. And I think we are seeing from like the underwear, the running shorts, the technical tops. Once we see the guys put on a piece of those and I was just a trail race with my husband and we saw a lot more men in the product, and we were really pleased with the penetration that we're seeing there and talking to some of the men that are in the garments like those are their favorite shorts that fit. So they want 12 of them, and they come in, they buy 12 at once. We're really seeing great response from them.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Morris from Bank of Montreal.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Well, a lot of the questions have been asked but John, as you look out a little bit ahead on the product cost pressures, I hear you on -- and you guys have done a very good job in making everybody aware in communicating some of the product cost pressures out there into the back half as far as gross margin is concerned. The spring season's way out there, but would you expect to continue to see philosophically some of the product cost pressures continue into the spring season or would we begin to see some of that abate by then? And I'm asking really kind of from I guess a philosophical structural basis, and then I got 1 or 2 small follow-ups.
John Currie: Okay, well, some of the inflation that we've already seen will continue. I mean as Sheree mentioned, cotton prices are down, and so to the extent that we have cotton in our mix, there's some improvement going back to product cost that we saw more like a year ago. But other elements of inflation in our cost structure haven't reversed. For example, labor rates in a lot countries where manufacturing is taking place, that's not reversing. They continue. It's hard to have much of a crystal ball. So yes, I don't think you'll see much of a reversal, but I don't think the increase will be as significant as what we saw this year.
Christine Day: But I think there's more opportunity for leverage in that. If you think about the fact that we've been basically rushing product to market for about 6 months or 7 months, there are certain inefficiencies in that process that as we get some our flow control of next year that will also offset and give us some room.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, Christine, I would also imagine as you pointed out earlier in the call that part of the potential offset would be some of the pricing that you might be able to get in the product that warrants that with respect to higher specifications, more technical aspects to it. That piece, which I think is intriguing and obviously well-received by your customer, can you give us some rough feel in terms of what piece of the mix that might be now and what it could grow to, that is...
Christine Day: That's definitely our focus and where we believe we have the opportunity to differentiate. What we've seen happen in the past recessions is people strip quality and details out of product to lower price point, yet the guest that we serve really wants those, and that's given us tremendous opportunity to take market share. And our guests respond to that, and that's what differentiates continuing her to make that purchase. So technical is our emphasis, and we add beauty to garments, but we want to make sure that people recognize this isn't about adding fashion. This is about adding technical function, and the detailing that's functional that she's looking for but we do it in a beautiful way. So that you will continue to see us penetrate more and more of the line, but yet keep a very strong basic key and core so that we have, so which is highly technical and quality product but differentiating ourselves even more with that technical product but at the upper end. So right now, the key and core is something close to about 65% of the business plus or minus on a regular basis so that might lower a few percentage points as we penetrate with even more technical product.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Very helpful. And then just finally, on the e-Commerce expansion into new international arenas next year that you referred to, what regions would we see or countries, if you can be as specific?
Christine Day: Well, the first one up will be Australia because we want to make sure that we address market pricing because of the strong Australian dollar and the duty situation there where you can bring a package in under $100,000 without duties. So we want to make sure that we set that market up for long-term success and have pricing parity in the market and a great product available for the guests, so that will be our first, and then we do have a strategic list of markets that follow that, which I'm not ready to disclose yet.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pamela Quintiliano with Oppenheimer.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So just a few things. With Australia, is there any change to your longer-term outlook now in terms of how many stores you think you can open there?
Christine Day: I think we've been pretty consistent in the 20 to 30 range. Each one has been very successful. We are expanding or exceeding the New Zealand market now, which we also see as part of that.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of the emphasis on the technical garments that's obviously proven to be very successful thus far. The manufacturing facilities that you've been relying on, will there be any change or any new facilities that you're going to look into as the technical component increases? And also on the flip side with labor rates being so high, would you potentially look at other countries to go into obviously, if they have the quality controls in place that you would need?
Christine Day: I think for us, the most important is a relationship with the quality manufacturer that meets all of our sustainability guidelines and that [indiscernible] we operate at the high end of the manufacturing spectrum so we need the quality sewer. So we're not as concerned about the labor, which is built into our model as we are about expanding in a way that gives us the best duty rates into the U.S. and in other future markets that we want to expand into. We have few manufacturers that we work with that we work with them on a very deep relationships. They've been building factories for us over the 2 years that have been coming online. And I just got back from a recent trip visiting 5 new factories, and really, really pleased with the partnerships that we have and the capacity that we continue to develop for the product level.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So near term, you think you have the capacity in place to support the growth?
Christine Day: I think long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just wanted to clarify the SG&A expense guidance. If I run through the numbers that you mentioned, John, it looks like after a little bit of de-leveraging rate in Q3, you would see significant SG&A expense rate improvement in Q4. Am I reading that right? And what's driving that?
John Currie: Well, that's pretty typical if you're talking about sequential quarters. Because of the high volume in Q4, we do get leverage on SG&A. So that's what you'd be seeing.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, but on a year-over-year basis it looks like you go from a little bit of deleverage to significant leverage, and I just wanted to make sure that, that is correct. And I also wanted to just follow up by asking for a little more information about you mentioned in the Q and in your comments that you guys raised wages at the store level. If you could maybe quantify that or talk about what the thinking is behind that.
Christine Day: We believe we have the best educators in the world that's critical to our guest strategy, and what we're very conscious of is with a lot of knockoffs coming into the marketplace, if you hire a few lululemon people, you've got really a trained program. So we haven't seen that, but we want to make sure that our educators know that they're valued for the work that they do. And with having fewer stores with really great flow-through, part of our key strategy is making sure that our store manager and our educators are paid very well and comparatively in the marketplace because that's what gives us that community constancy, which is critical to the brand.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: And, Christine, was there a change in the way that they're paid? Meaning did the commission structure change or their incentive structure change in any way? Or was it just an increase, a general increase?
Christine Day: We gave an hourly increase, and we have changed some of the upside in terms of their daily and other commission structures. So that as they deliver the upside, there's more that goes in for them.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Christian Buss from Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Thomas Weisel: I was wondering if you could take, provide some perspective on new stores and their productivity, and how we should think about store productivity as you open in some secondary markets.
John Currie: Okay.
Christine Day: Can you say what secondary markets?
John Currie: Yes, they're proving to be primary markets. As I've said, our new store productivity, stores that we've opened really since we went deep in the showroom strategy a year, 1.5 years ago, so the stores we opened in 2010 and early days the stores were opening in 2011 are opening again, I mean, there's a range but on average, somewhere around that 1,100 per square foot level, which again is much higher than what we've seen previously, lower than the more mature market average. But that's to be expected. So we continue to be very pleased with the way things go.
Christian Buss - Thomas Weisel: That's helpful. And could I also ask about your gross margins. About how much of your cost of goods is, relatively speaking, fixed?
John Currie: Maybe going under 1/4.
Operator: And I have no further questions. So I'd like to turn the conference back to lululemon for any final remarks.
Christine Day: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to continuing great momentum through the back half of the year. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-06-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to lululemon athletica Quarter One 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Mr. Joe Teklits with ICR.
Joseph Teklits: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us to discuss lululemon's conference call for first quarter 2011 results. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company's website www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC available on the commission's website at www.sec.gov. Also available in the Investor Relations section of the company's website will be a recording of today's call which will be available for 30 days as a replay shortly after the call ends. Hosting the call today is Christine Day, the company's CEO; and John Currie, the company's CFO. First, we would like to remind everyone that statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Christine Day.
Christine M. Day: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results. With me today are John Currie, our CFO; Sheree Waterson, our EVP General Merchandise Management Source -- and Sourcing Executive; Delaney Schweitzer, our EVP Retail Operations; and Chris Ladd, our head of global e-Commerce. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Chris and then John will go through the financial details for the quarter. We are again very pleased with our start to fiscal year 2011. Given our inventory constraints, combined with our focus on transitioning our e-Commerce platform, we approached the plan for the first quarter conservatively. However, thanks to our strong partnerships with our manufacturers, we were able to source additional inventory for April and maximize the productivity of the inventory we had to work with, both in sales and gross profit dollars. And although we had a few bumps in the road given the complexity of the e-Commerce project, for the most part we saw a relatively smooth transition to our platform, thanks in a big way to our new CIO Kathryn Henry and our e-Commerce team. It took a little longer than expected to merchandise our online catalog by about 2 weeks, but we are now to a point where our online store is matching our retail stores about as much as we want it to. Our online store inventory will be in a good position to support a strong back half of the year. So while we planned e-Commerce down as a percentage of revenue through the transition, we already see it climbing back towards a 10% run rate and expect to be close to 10% of total revenue for the full year. Looking at the performance of our retail stores, they also performed as expected for the quarter. February was strong but inventory constraints held back sales in March and then April rebounded as we were able to chase inventory. Our same-store sales comparison of 16% drove our trailing-12-months  average sales per square foot in comp stores to new highs, just over $1,800, up from $1,428 a year ago. We believe there is room for continued productivity increases as we build our inventory position, invest in our stores and our people, and execute our strategy. Our second quarter product mix is still somewhat transitional, as chasing products for April had some impact on the optimal mix of products in stores today, but we are in a better position overall in Q2 than we were in Q1. Looking ahead, our richest opportunity is maximizing the size curves and seasonal allocation of product to our stores. We also continue to innovate our yoga and run lines, which are the major drivers of our sales growth. We are in the fortunate position of being able to manage the rate of innovation and keep a strong pipeline ready for execution. New fabrics, construction and styling are how we continue to evolve our core lines. Our exploration into various new categories, such as our small cycling collection this summer, have received a strong response and is an example of a growth opportunity we can pursue in the future. What we really strive for is healthy growth. We believe the best strategy to deliver shareholder value is a balanced growth strategy that focus on driving organic top line revenue through technical and innovative product, excellent execution of our community strategy to build brand loyalty, a culture of personal accountability and development, and delivering strong sales growth through to drive profitability. We believe our strong execution of this balanced growth strategy creates a competitive advantage, maximizes  shareholder value and creates a space for our people to excel. While we remain cautious about the macro-environment, we are confident that our business momentum will remain on trend for fiscal year 2011 and are confident in our ability to navigate the cost pressures to sustain our healthy business model. I also want to highlight that one of our top initiatives in the first quarter was bringing our entire e-Commerce platform in-house. Our major accomplishment and a project we are happy to have behind us. And what I want to do now is turn the call over to Chris Ladd to give you some additional details on the transition and what it will mean for our business going forward. Chris?
Christopher Ladd: Thanks, Christine, and good morning, everyone. Christine, I really want to thank you and the rest of the team for inviting me to join lululemon. This is a very exciting time in the company's growth and I want to acknowledge you for asking me to lead the e-Commerce business into this exciting next phase. As Christine mentioned on the Q4 call, I joined the company in February and spent the first 60 days traveling around the U.S., working in our stores and learning the business from the ground up. This was a great way to learn about our brand, meet some of our amazing store teams around the country, have inspiring conversations with our guests and of course gain perspective on the incredible opportunity for growth in our online business. I'm going to talk to you today about some of our recent accomplishments in the channel and start to lay out some of our key areas of emphasis to take this business to the next level. Q1 saw the migration from a fully outsourced business to an in-house model with the transition of our core e-Commerce platform to ATG and the migration of our e-Commerce distribution operations in the U.S. into our internal facility in Sumner.  The transition by all accounts was an incredibly successful one and I personally want to thank Kathryn Henry, our CIO, and all the teams across the company for making such a complex project a great success. We successfully mitigated the business risk and managed the guest experience in line with our expectations while adding some key functionality like one-page  check out, merchandising and search capabilities, rich imagery enhancements and core-business-process  stabilization. Most importantly, we are now standing on solid core foundation that will enable our teams to expand and innovate our e-Commerce business. The next few months will be focused on working with the internal teams to lay out the key projects and initiatives for scale and growth. Some of the areas you'll see us focused on predominant will be in the social, global and international areas, as well as shoring up our day-to-day store operations; delivering a world-class online guest experience; impeccable customer service; and without a doubt, connecting with our guests all around the world in new and innovative ways. We have very passionate and loyal friends out there and I look forward to learning from them what they want from us, and of course, elevating the world from mediocrity to  greatness one click at a time. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John E. Currie: Thanks, Chris. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our first quarter of 2011, then I'll update you on our outlook for the second quarter and the full year of fiscal 2011. As announced yesterday, our shareholders approved our proposed 2-for-1 stock split at our annual meeting on Wednesday. This split is expected to take effect in early July, but please keep in mind that all comments with regards to share count and per-share  amounts in our results and outlook are on a pre-stock-split  basis. So for the first quarter, our net revenue rose 35.1% to $186.8 million from $138.3 million in the first quarter of 2010. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable-store  sales growth of 16% on a constant-dollar  basis. The addition of net new -- I'm sorry, 12 net new corporate-owned stores in North America since Q1 of 2010; the consolidation of Australian operations, which now includes 5 showrooms  and 12 stores, of which there have been 3 net openings since Q1 of 2010; the addition of 17 net new showrooms opened in the U.S. since Q1 of 2010; direct-to-consumer sales, which increased by $4.6 million; and a stronger Canadian dollar, which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $4.3 million or 3.1%. During the quarter, we opened 3 corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S. and one in Australia. We also opened one corporate-owned ivivva store in Canada. We ended the quarter with 142 total stores versus 128 a year ago, 138 of which are corporate owned, including the 12 in Australia, and 4 franchised stores, all in the U.S. There are now 108 stores in our comp base, 42 of those in Canada and 66 in the United States. Corporate-owned stores represented 83.8% of total revenue or $156.5 million versus 83.6% or $115.6 million in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes franchise, wholesale, showrooms, warehouse sales and outlets, totaled $16.5 million or 8.8% of revenue for the first quarter versus $13.6 million or 9.8% of revenue in the first quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel totaled to $13.8 million or 7.4% of total revenue versus $9.1 million or 6.6% of total revenue in the first quarter of last year. As I had mentioned on our earnings call last quarter, we planned down our e-Commerce sales due to the transition to an in-house e-Commerce platform. To facilitate a smooth cutover, we gradually reduced inventory allocated to the third-party fulfillment provider so that inventory to be transferred was minimized at the mid-April go-live date. We then gradually increased the assortment on our new platform and recently returned to a more complete assortment level. Gross profit for the first quarter was $109.7 million or 58.7% of net revenue compared to $74.4 million or 53.8% of net revenue in Q1 of 2010. The factors which contributed to this 490 basis point increase in gross margin were as follows: A decrease in product cost related to an adjustment to recognize previously unrecorded benefit of certain input tax credits from previous periods, which contributed 140 basis points of the improvement. This is a onetime adjustment and, ignoring its impact, our normalized gross margin would have been 57.3%. Product margin improvement of 90 basis points. Higher product costs due to inflationary pressures from raw materials and labor, along with higher air freight to accelerate product deliveries were more than offset by reduced markdowns and lower shrink obsolescence and damaged-inventory provisions. Leverage on non-merchandise costs such as occupancy, depreciation and product and supply-chain team costs, including the efficiencies from our new distribution center in the U.S., contributed 190 basis points of improvement. And foreign exchange improvement of 70 basis points due to a stronger Canadian dollar. SG&A expenses were $8 million (sic) [$58 million] or 31% of net revenue compared to $41.9 million or 30.3% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 38.5% SG&A dollar increase is due to an increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms,  outlets and growth at existing locations; an increase in administrative costs and variable service provider fees associated with a higher sales volume from our e-Commerce channel; SG&A and head office costs from our Australian operations, which we began accounting for on a consolidated basis, commencing from the date of our ownership increase in Q2 of 2010; an increase in head office employee costs, including management incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation, other head office costs as a result of the investment in infrastructure and resources needed to sustain a long-term growth trajectory; and finally, the higher Canadian dollar, which increased SG&A by $1.2 million or 2.1%. As a percentage of revenue, our first quarter SG&A increased 70 basis points due to growth in our e-Commerce in Australia channels, which carry a higher SG&A component than our corporate stores. The SG&A deleverage also reflects the compression from preopening costs incurred in Q1 related to Q1 store openings and early Q2 openings. As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $51.7 million or 27.7% of net revenue compared with $32.5 million or 23.5% of net revenue in 2010. Ignoring the impact of the onetime input tax credit adjustment, operating income would have increased 51% to $49 million and operating margin would have expanded by 280 basis points to 26.3%. Tax expense for the quarter was $19.1 million or a tax rate of 36.3% compared to $13 million or a tax rate of 40% in the first quarter of 2010. Net income for the quarter was $33.4 million or $0.46 per diluted share, of which $1.7 million net income or $0.02 per diluted share resulted from the onetime input tax credit adjustment. This compares with net income of $19.6 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2010. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 72.5 million versus 71.6 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $74.8 million in the first quarter, resulting mainly from the purchase of our Store Support Centre in the Kitsilano area of Vancouver for $65.1 million plus acquisition-related costs,  and also cost associated with new store build out, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. We ended the quarter with $260.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. With respect to inventory, we started the quarter under-inventoried  to meet first quarter demand, but were able to accelerate product deliveries in April, which helped to alleviate some of our inventory constraints. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $64.4 million or 27% higher than at the end of the first quarter of 2010. Although this is still somewhat lower than the increase we anticipate in our revenue in the second quarter, as the quarter progresses, we'll continue to accelerate product deliveries to improve our product flow and in-stock position. And by the end of the second quarter, into  the fall, we expect to be in a healthy inventory position to meet demand. Which leads me to our outlook for the second quarter of 2011. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at par with the U.S. dollar compared to an average exchange rate of $0.96 in Q2 of 2010. We anticipate revenue in the range of $200 million to $205 million. This is based on a comparable-store sales-percentage  increase in the mid-to-upper teens on a constant-dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2010. Then, we plan to open 6 lululemon stores in the U.S. and one in Australia during the second quarter. We expect some gross margin expansion versus the second quarter of 2010, driven by leverage on fixed costs such as occupancy and depreciation, partially offset by higher product costs from sourcing pressures in both labor and raw materials. Sequentially from Q1 2011, we expect gross margin to decline due to the nonrecurring benefit we realized in Q1 related to input tax credits, a slightly higher proportion of air freight to accelerate product deliveries, and more normalized markdowns as we have and will continue to build sufficient inventory levels. During the second quarter, we expect to gain cost efficiencies as the result of the transition of our e-Commerce platform to an in-house model, although some of this will be reinvested back into e-Commerce to build the infrastructure and teams required for the rapid growth we expect from this channel. We'll also be investing in higher store-level  compensation designed to attract and retain the best staff, incurring preopening costs related to the 7 stores planned to open in Q2 and additional stores planned to open in early Q3, and adding additional resources at our head office to continue to drive long-term scalability and growth. As a result, we expect to deleverage on SG&A as a percentage of revenues versus the second quarter of 2010. Assuming a tax rate of 36% and 72.6 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.44 per share. For the full fiscal 2011, we anticipate we'll open up to 30 corporate-owned stores, including ivivva, in Australia. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $915 million to $930 million for the fiscal year, representing revenue growth of approximately 30% over 2010. For the year, we expect gross margin to decline slightly from fiscal year 2010. As we've discussed on previous earnings calls, sourcing pressures are expected to be greater in the second half compared to the first half of 2011, and we now expect will account for approximately 225 to 250 basis points of gross margin compression relative to the back half of 2010. We also expect to see more normalized markdowns as we bring inventory levels back to appropriate level. This will be offset by leverage on fixed costs such as occupancy and depreciation, which will vary depending on the seasonality of sales volumes between Q3 and Q4. Keep in mind also when we transition into fall and winter, there's a seasonal mix shift in our product assortment that will result in lower merchandise margins compared to the first half of 2011. Adding all this up, we expect our second half gross margin to be in line with our historical targets, which is in the low to mid-50s range. We do, however, expect to enjoy leverage on overall SG&A as we gain cost efficiencies from the transition of our e-Commerce platform to the in-house model and leverage on our SSC costs in place, offset by higher store compensation designed to attract and retain the best staff and investments to continue to drive longer-term scalability and growth. As a result, overall, we expect our operating margin to leverage slightly over 2010. We expect 2011 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $2.10 to $2.16. This is based on 72.8 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding and it assumes an effective tax rate of 36%. We expect capital expenditures to be between $110 million and $115 million for fiscal 2011, reflecting the purchase of our Store Support Centre in the first quarter as well as new store build outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital expenditures. With that, I'll turn it back to Christine.
Christine M. Day: Thanks, John. As always, I'd just like to thank and point out that these business results are the results of a hard-work effort and commitment and passion of all our people in the company, and I'm really proud of the results they produced for the quarter. So with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michelle Tan from Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan: I was wondering if you could maybe give us some perspective on just the update on what you're seeing in some of the newer markets. And then also, I know there's been some questions raised around quality. I know you guys are historically pretty maniacal about it. I remember the zipper write-off in first quarter of '09, but I was wondering if you're hearing anything that concerns you at all on that front, and how you're monitoring the quality situation as you chase capacity.
Christine M. Day: Great. Maybe I'll start with that one, Michelle, and then come back with the second one on your markets. Overall, what we can tell you is that our statistics for damage, returns, negative guest comments are down across the board and the lowest levels, thanks I think to a lot of the quality things that we put in place. I think some of the noise that we've heard a little bit is around luon, so I do want to point out that there is some variation in the fabric family of luon that I think causes a little bit of confusion. Our luon has been the same for over 7 years and we are maniacal about protecting that standard. But we also have  innovation in luon, such as the luon light,  the brushed luon. Last year we did a test with Silverescent and we also did a test with a higher-wicking  luon that had a softer hand feel in the garment. And we do monitor the quality and feedback on those items in particular because we're always looking to push luon to the next level. So it's important we have that rate of innovation out there. But we haven't seen any increase in negative comments and the cost of that quality protection and the cost of the innovation are already in our model. And then let's talk about markets. We are so excited. We -- in the new markets across the board and the new store openings, Delaney and her team have done a fantastic job. We really see the new stores opening at the highest rates we've ever been able to achieve across the board. And particularly, key markets in the Midwest have really responded well to the lululemon openings, in markets like Ohio. Delaney, where else would you like to point out?
Delaney Schweitzer: Ohio was actually was one of our most proud of openings for Q1 for sure. But we have new markets that we're opening this year, I think 10 new markets. We're balancing it with our existing markets. So we have showrooms  in all of these markets, so we're making friends wherever we go and tracking it through e-Comm and able to see kind of what's happening in each of these markets, so we're really excited about what's happening across the U.S.
Michelle Tan: Okay. Actually, can I sneak one more in? Christine, on the cycling line that you mentioned, I know spin is kind of a category that seems to be gaining a lot of popularity among people who I would think are potential lulu customers. I guess I'm curious. In the past you've talked about it as a relatively small opportunity. I mean, are you thinking about it any differently? And how do you think about it relative to things like run that you've done in the past?
Christine M. Day: We think it's one of those -- as we're seeing it kind of shape up going forward, we definitely see an opportunity in not only like road bike, which we see is big, just general cycling and people using the bicycle more for commuting and practice and the need to have cycling clothes that work into the same way that our yoga works into -- from studio to home to work and mix and match in the wardrobe. We see cycling as being another opportunity that's like that and you'll see us innovate on a broad thing from indoor spin to outdoors and test a bunch of things as we kind of hone that. But always what's most important for us is getting the technical features right first. So we believe in testing a product in to get that anchor product that we know people love, and then we grow the line from there. So we're not in a hurry to do it. It's testing it, getting the technical aspect of it right and then growing it, which is how you saw us grow the run line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson: I was just hoping for an update on your showroom strategy. How many are open right now? And then how many do you plan to add over this year? And then also on the new store target of 30 for this year, do you view that as your maximum opening potential? Or do you think that you could accelerate that in 2012 and 2013?
Delaney Schweitzer: This is Delaney again. In terms of our showroom, we currently have 54 showrooms in operation. For this year, we're looking at potentially opening another 9 since we've opened, I believe, 4 already. But those numbers can change throughout the year as we see what's happening, so those aren't fully confirmed. In terms of the showroom strategy moving forward, we continue to innovate and look at what we want, what each market need us to do, whether it be a showroom or go right into a store. But we continue to innovate through our showroom strategy and make sure that we're finding great people that, a, want to be our guest; and, b, want to work for lululemon. And then what was the other question? What was your second question, sorry?
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson: How many stores do you think you could open in a given year? Could you see that 30 accelerate in 2012 and 2013?
John E. Currie: Yes, I mean, the 30 is our target for this year and that includes 25 lululemon stores. I mean that could change one or 2 either direction. Going forward, because of the showroom strategy, because of all the other things we're putting in place, we're setting ourselves up to be capable of more aggressive store expansion. But we don't have a number target for 2012 yet. The number will be whatever the number of markets that are ready for us.
Christine M. Day: And I think the focus  Delaney and our head of store development, Wynn [Wynn Spencer], have worked on is a strong pipeline and, what does it take not only to identify all the right locations, but what does it take to get ready to open in a strong way? And I think that strong partnership that we have produces the results that you see and is a key part of our strategy. And so overlooking that, we also look at strategic sales, we look at online sales for market readiness. We have a lot of metrics, and we'll open the right number that we see the consumer demand. Where we don't want to be is opening before that demand has been created, before we have a manager we can really believe in, or before we build the relationships with the guests. So we're always after the high-quality growth because that's what allows our business model to deliver the results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg from JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg: A couple of questions. First, if you could talk a little bit more about the cycling category, how early are we in the stage of SKU rollout? Is it in all stores? Is there other -- is there a lot of opportunities for this category? Could it rival that of yoga and run? Also, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about your outlook for pricing pressure next year. We are hearing from a lot of folks that fiscal '12 input pricing is coming down a bit. And I also was wondering if you could talk a little bit about ivivva. It sounds like you're starting to open more stores there. And I'm wondering about the viability of that concept for America and also, how big you envision that category could be.
Christine M. Day: Okay. So I'll start with cycling. And I think what -- we -- right now, we believe that run and yoga are still such  big white space. And as I talked about earlier, we want to keep some innovation back for it to drive that future growth and we also don't want to be distracted from what we believe are the 2 biggest growth categories. So we view kind of testing our way into it. But we also do see it's a great white-space opportunity, just like really yoga was to do a lot around. So we'll continue to develop that, but in terms of being in a hurry to develop something or needing to develop it to drive sales, we're not in a hurry from that perspective and getting it right, getting the technical product and exploring is really what we're doing there and we'll continue to do for some time and -- so that when we are ready to go, we're ready to go there. Pricing pressure, I don't think we've really seen a lot there. We have seen some cotton coming down.
John E. Currie: Yes, for 2012, of course, we haven't placed the buys yet so it's really too early to give much clarity, but there are indications that there is some relief in some of the inflationary pressure that we've seen through 2011.
Christine M. Day: And for ivivva, we're really excited about the results that we're seeing in the ivivva model. We're already producing square foot -- sales per square foot numbers that are above the industry average in that concept. The work that we've done on the product line has strengthened the gross margin to a  strong gross margin and as we increase our buys, we'll continue to get leverage on that. So it's a healthy business model and it's growing, and I think what we've learned about the guest is there's really -- there is some white space around that. So I think if we size that price compared to traditional children's wear or traditional sportswear, you'd probably get a smaller number based on those analytics than what we believe the opportunity for that concept is, because it's a combination. And we really feel like we've hit a great spot there with that dance, gymnastics and then the fitness line and skate being the big hitters. So we're really happy with what we've seen there. What you'll see us do is take it to online in Canada first. And then time permitting, we hope to get it online for the U.S. for the holiday season, but that still will be dependent on our resources to make that happen. And if not, then we'll launch it in spring of next year in the U.S., though we do anticipate we'll get a lot of demand, because we've already gotten a lot of calls about asking us when we're going to get that concept in. This year you'll see us open a couple of new stores. We've had some pop-up stores similar to the lululemon, but in its own unique way. We've done some test stores for that concept, so -- and those have been very well received, particularly in the Toronto market.
Janet Kloppenburg: Great. And just one more. On the e-Commerce business, could you just refresh me as to which markets you now are operating or which markets have access to your e-Commerce -- the lululemon e-Commerce site?
Christopher Ladd: Our predominant business is based in Canada and the U.S. And then we do pretty much ship all over the world from our DC in Sumner, Washington. So we see quite a bit of business coming from Europe, Asia, Australia. It's less than 3% of the total really, sort of outside of North America today, but we certainly see it as an opportunity for growth going forward.
Janet Kloppenburg: So you don't have country-specific  sites except for North America. Is that right, Chris?
Christopher Ladd: That's correct, yes.
Janet Kloppenburg: Okay, and do you have plans for launching company-specific (sic) [country-specific] sites in the near term?
Christopher Ladd: Yes, we sort of look at it as the same strategy as our store roll out. If the demand is there, if the guest is looking for us and feel like we need our presence there, then that's the strategy that we'll take. We do see some indication in a couple of places in the world now where we could certainly support it, and we're looking at that as we go forward.
Christine M. Day: And I think one of our -- yes, and just the only thing I'd add, Janet, is the first site you'll see us concentrate on is Australia, so we can support the local store market there.
Janet Kloppenburg: Great, and what -- could that be this year, Christine?
Christopher Ladd: No, I think -- we're looking at early 2012. We really just got the platform in-house, and I think it's too premature for us to be rolling out any additional markets. We've got some work to do to shore up the North American business before we expand outside of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Claire Gallacher from Capstone Investments.
Claire Armstrong  Gallacher: Just wanted to circle back on ivivva, to follow up on Janet's question. Did you mention if you're going to have the e-Commerce launch ahead of back-to-school ready for this year? Or will that be pushed into 2012?
Christine M. Day: So for Canada, our goal is to have it late summer. It's a little touch and go just to make sure that we make it. Like what I'd like to have would be early August. It might be sometime in August. So that's what we're shooting for. In worst case, early September, which would be a little later than I'd like, but we have to let the team do it well and that's always our priority, is to have something that we can be proud about there and not rush a date. But we'll certainly, at a minimum, capture the holiday season.
Claire Armstrong  Gallacher: Okay, great. And then if you could just give us an update on your men's business. I realize that's a small part of your business, but just kind of what's going on there? How did men's perform in the first quarter?
Christine M. Day: We were definitely inventory light in the men's category. It's held its percentage of sales even through the growth. I think with men's, we're -- I still feel like we're going through a little bit of a transition.  I think that the product quality, the color set and the focus has been right. But I think we're still looking. We feel like we've got a really strong line of shorts and bottoms and, I think, our signature tank, our tech tops. And I think what we're really finding in men's is what's our sweet spot, so that we can really grow that without it being an also-ran  to somebody else or a distraction to us, so for our women's. And what's the right amount of space in the store for that? So I really feel like we still have a lot of room to grow in that category. The guests have loved the product and once they try it they're very loyal to the product. So I think that's still an evolving concept for us, but I know -- in my mind, we still haven't got that 100% right.
Claire Armstrong  Gallacher: And then in the new stores that you're opening, is the men's business doing better than the older stores? Or is it kind of performing at the corporate average?
Christine M. Day: Well, I think, you see a natural evolution the U.S. because the brand was introduced as the male -- female brand. You see it stronger there. In Canada, we're starting to see that shift, as more men are getting into the product and testing and trying it. So we're actually seeing healthy growth in Canada but the percentage is still less than you see in the U.S. except for the underwear. We can never keep that in-stock for the men's.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Axfia (sic) [Zackfia] from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: It's Sharon Zackfia. A couple of quick questions. It looked new store productivity was very, very healthy in the quarter. Could you comment on how the class of 2010 is performing versus historical averages?
John E. Currie: The new stores in 2010, and this was  -- I think I mentioned this on the last conference call, and it continues to be true -- that the stores we opened last year are very close. They're all in the U.S. market and they're very close to the overall U.S. average, which is obviously very strong for first-year  performance. They're at the level where we used to expect them to hit in the third year.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. And then separately, I was hoping you could remind us -- on the shift to bring in e-Commerce into an in-house platform, could you remind us on what kind of the cost-savings  potential is for this year from that shift, and maybe ultimately what the goal would be for e-Commerce over the next 5 years in terms of a percent of sales?
John E. Currie: I think the answer for this year is a little bit different that what it's going to be going forward once we're really up to speed and normalized. The shift to get away from a variable-fee  model should easily produce an additional 10 points of margin. You won't see that this year because number one, the transition is partway  through the year but we're still in build mode, so you'll see a little bit of leverage this year but not to the same extent that we expect to see going forward.
Sharon Zackfia: And then ultimately the e-Commerce target, was it -- Christine, was it 15% over time or higher? Or...
Christine M. Day: We said that's our midpoint and which we view as achievable in a couple of years. And then after that, with Chris and Sheree done deblining [ph] -- designing what the product line for that is, we do see a large opportunity to do things, like extended outerwear season, that we can't do in our stores, that we can carry product lines a little bit longer. We can bring back the classics. I mean, there's so many things that we can do. Yes, and line extensions that we don't have the opportunity to do because of our size and our stores that  also produce a healthy margin. And we're doing the work now prior to prioritizing those opportunities along with all the other projects we're giving Chris.
John E. Currie: Yes, we're going to set a much higher internal target just to Chris on this, so...
Christine M. Day: Every time he goes into John's office, John is taking the target up. So Chris is avoiding John's office now.
Sharon Zackfia: One last question. I think I saw Chip [Dennis Wilson] on Facebook kind of dancing around in his Blue Sky division, so I felt that I have to ask, what is Chip up to in the Blue Sky division, if you kind of  could explain what that's incubating?
Christine M. Day: Way too much that we could ever execute. He's having a great time, really looking what's happening in the world of retail, what are the things that we could look at, everything from fabric to new concepts and he scares me every time he comes by my office with pictures of things he wants to do. And he's got a great little team that works with him that dimensional-izes these opportunities, so he's really working on that 3- to 5- to 10-year innovation pipeline and he's in his great space, which is "What's possible?" And that -- so we don't have to worry about innovation around here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Luhiez (sic) [Paul Lejuez] from Nomura.
Paul Lejuez: Paul Lejuez. Just wondering what was behind the macro comments you made today, which you hadn't talked about as of last quarter. Was it related more to the U.S., Canada or both? Or just kind of were you throwing it out there? And I guess also specifically if you can talk at all about the performance of U.S. versus Canadian stores, would be curious to hear any color you can provide.
John E. Currie: Really, don't read too much into the comments. I mean we're all looking at the world economy, in Greece, et cetera. I just think it's prudent for us in any of our planning to be aware that the ground can be shifting. And it's nothing about what's going on in our business or Canada or otherwise. Sorry, what was the other part of the question?
Christine M. Day: No, I just think that the reality is for us, we feel very in control of our business and the variables that we can manage. So we see the risks and the things that we can't, and I think it's where the potential is in the macro environment is what we'll lead  into but also what we create contingency plans around, so. And we see the U.S. business is really caught up to 2-years' gap  that it had I think in that '08, '09 and we see the ramp accelerating at that catch-up pace. So we feel very good about where we're at and I think it's the unknown that we're left worrying about.
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then just U.S. versus Canadian stores during the quarter.
John E. Currie: Just in terms of comp, as we've been saying in the last few quarters, the rate of increase in the productivity of the U.S. stores in general is dramatically higher than what we're seeing in Canada, which is what you'd expect. We have a mature business in Canada that is still -- continues to comp positively. And we have momentum in the U.S. that, as Christine says, is seeing the U.S. catching up quickly to Canada.
Christine M. Day: I think, just to be specific, we've heard other retailers comment on Canada softness. We didn't see that, but I think it was probably masked a little bit by our inventory position. So we were performing where we expected. But since we've been back in inventory, we've seen the ramp. So I think that's not something we're seeing today. But that's part of what keeps us cautious is that out there, are we just playing catch-up for lack of inventory? I think that will play out over the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Taposh Bari from Jefferies.
Taposh Bari: I wanted to ask you guys about the DC business and how you plan kind of increasing I guess the marketing around that, now you have that under an owned model. I guess specifically, if you can just talk about that. And also specifically, would you ever consider complementing your e-Commerce business with possibly a catalog or some direct marketing initiatives?
Christine M. Day: So I'm sorry you said first -- the first line you said, Taposh, was that the e-Commerce business?
Taposh Bari: Yes, I just wanted to get some more clarity around how you plan on kind of increasing the marketing around that, now that you have it owned. And also would you ever consider complementing your e-Comm business with a catalog down the road?
Christine M. Day: We haven't considered a catalog. I think there's -- we put some things out there like you saw us do in the transition. We actually put a little catalog, a mini-catalog  out on Facebook so people could do a product look. And so you might see us do some things that are online and kind of reinventing what a catalog looks like, but not a traditional mailed, paper catalog. So I don't know that there's any reason for us to do that because we're so active in social media to reach those guests. I think you do see us drive a little bit of more online advertising in Runner's World and the Yoga Journal. But it's more print around our product and not brand -- traditional brand advertising in terms of a commercial aspect. We really, strongly believe in that guest experience, sharing and growing lululemon because it creates the strongest brand loyalty and emotional attachment, so you'll continue to see us stay away from traditional drive-transaction advertising,  at least in the short term, at this stage in growth for our brand.
Christopher Ladd: I do think now that we have the platform in-house, we have some unique ways to bolster our community online. And I think if you see us adding any demand-generation-type  activities, it will be focused on how we further strengthen the community and using things like mobile apps is a great opportunity to do that.
Christine M. Day: Yes, we have a -- it's a very interesting statistic, and even though we don't have a -- don't actually have a mobile app right now, we have -- Chris, how many of our customers actually use their iPad or phone to buy off the e-Commerce site.
Christopher Ladd: Yes, right now our mobile sales are 7% of the total and we don't have a mobile-optimized  website. So you can probably imagine what would happen with that percentage if we actually created an experience where people could use the phone in a friendly way to navigate the site. So that's one of the initiatives we are quickly getting underway today.
Taposh Bari: That's very helpful. And then the -- I guess the second question that I had was -- I don't know if Sheree is on the line, but maybe if you could talk about just kind of where you saw  relative strength in the women's assortment, if you could talk about tops versus bottoms. I think you'd mentioned a couple of quarters ago that you were seeing really good momentum in the core business. Any kind of color there would be very helpful.
Sheree Waterson: Sure. We're seeing the seasonal categories perform really well right now. So we see continued momentum with tanks, and we see unbelievable momentum with tops. So all of our Silverescent running tops and so on and so forth have been outperforming plan, as well as our crop and short categories. So really healthy seasonal business along with complementing our core business is what we're seeing. Did that help?
Taposh Bari: Yes, that does.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Zolidis from Buckingham Research.
John Zolidis: Two questions. One, I was wondering if you could attempt to quantify how much  the lower inventory levels held back the comp in the first quarter. Do you have any way of quantifying that? And then second, it's a little bit of a broader question. When you talk to your customers and you discuss with them where else they might be shopping for similar product, where do you think you're taking share? And to the extent that you can see what some of your competitors are doing, do you think more competitors are trying to copy or come out with similar product to what you have in your stores?
John E. Currie: Maybe I'll take the first question, just trying to guesstimate what the potential could have been had we been in better inventory position. I think the best way to think about it is just looking at how the sales trended through the quarter. We came into the quarter. February was strong. And as the months progressed and towards the end of February, we sort of hit our low point in the inventory. So as expected, March, the comp was very low, low double digits. And then into April, I guess, first the second week of April, as our inventory position improved again, we saw the comp rebound. I mean, I don't give monthly comps but I think it is important to give the detail. April was around a 20% comp. So I think it's easy enough to say that had there not been in the inventory dip in the middle, 20% could have been achieved for the quarter.
Christine M. Day: Sorry, I was just going to go answer that. Your question really about where do we see other guests shop, I mean, the historically, if they're a runner, they have probably been in the Nike run product and then they try our product and they still probably have a family that they -- of products that they use from Nike. And our goal is to continue to win that guest over with our technical product. We've made some great strides, I believe, in the run short in particular and if you just look at -- if you go to any race now, you'll see a well-represented fraction of lululemon and I think particularly in the men's shirt, you see us gaining a lot of share in that category for men as well as our run-response  short. So we're continuing to refine that technical product and really go after more of that marathon runner. I would say that we've really gotten the light runner and the half-marathon runners, so  continue to refine into that more technical space what's needed. In other categories such as yoga, probably the one thing that we don't have enough of in the lineup for some guests is a more light organic or cotton product. We really find that it's at our  quality standard and length that we want to have the garment last for the guest, that we're not going to be doing the filmy tops and a lot of the other things that guests get that are only going to last a season or shorter. And that's not our space, so we kind of don't look at growing market share there because of our technical product focus and our desire not to be seen as active wear, but true athletic wear. So there are some categories we opt out to which leave some white space for competitors, and that's really where we see a lot of the soft line substitution, is into those spaces.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn from FBR.
Lizabeth Dunn: I have some questions regarding the inventory position. Are you having any trouble finding factories that meet your standards? Because other athletic and technical apparel manufacturers seem to have inventory up more than the rate of sales. But some are mentioning capacity constraints. So that's one question. And related to that, I recently found groove pants from like 4 different countries in one store, so I'm just -- I found that curious, and was just kind of wondering what your strategy is there. Also, John, your comments regarding gross margin for the back half are more specific, but sound about consistent with your prior view. Is that right? And are you bought through the balance of the year?
Christine M. Day: So let me start with our manufacturing base. So our fabrics are really manufactured in just a very small handful of factories, so that we can really control the quality of the fabric. Then the fabric is shipped to several manufacturers. But we have a very small base of manufacturers that we expand with, so -- and so that we can control the quality, we're not usually their beta when they open a new factory. We wait until the sewing capacity is at the level that we can go into, which is why we're a little slower in building our factory base and our capacity than other people, to protect that quality. But while maybe the one factory is in -- one factory owner could own a factory in 4 countries, which is what you see, but it's run by the same general organization that we partner with. And that we do a multiyear capacity-planning  exercise with those factory partners to grow to that future demand in partnership together. And that allows us to ensure that we not only meet the quality but that we have a commitment to helping them grow in a way that's healthy, that meets all of the environmental standards, that meets all the labor standards, the health and safety standards, clean water standards that matter to us as we grow that factory base. So the cut-and-sew  portion could be in different countries, which is what you were seeing on the  groove pant.
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay, and then, John, regarding the gross margins?
John E. Currie: Yes, as you say, the guidance on the gross margin in the back half is consistent with what I've said in the past. We have placed the buy for the seasonal component of the back half of the year. Of course, there's some additional ongoing flow throughout the year, but yes, it's consistent pretty much with what we've said before.
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay. In terms of Canada, it looks like there was a bigger deceleration in Canada in the quarter than the U.S. Was there some reason that the inventory was -- affected Canada more than the U.S.?
Christine M. Day: Yes, as we looked at the inventory assortment and going into Q1, there was less because we buy separately and ship into 2 different DCs. The buy for Canada was a little lighter in the first quarter, so they suffered a little bit more from our inventory shortage than the U.S. market did.
Lizabeth Dunn: Okay. And then just finally, big drop in payables, was there anything behind that?
John E. Currie: No, I mean a lot of it was accrued income tax allotted  the end of the year. It's just normal payrolls -- or payables cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Unknown Analyst -: This is Jane [ph] in for Ed. I just had 2 questions. Your inventory turnover in the quarter, was it -- did it increase in-store? Or is the higher comp needed to drive your new-store  growth?
John E. Currie: Sorry, can you repeat that question?
Unknown Analyst -: Your inventory turnover in the quarter, did it increase in-store? Or was the higher comp needed to drive new-store  growth?
John E. Currie: Sorry, I'm really struggling to understand the question.
Christine M. Day: Inventory turnover in-store did increase, of course, yes.
Unknown Analyst -: More than what's needed to drive, let's say, costs for new-store  growth?
Christine M. Day: I don't think I understand that question either.
Unknown Analyst -: For -- costs for new-store growth...
Christine M. Day: So do you mean the preopening expense for new stores and...?
Unknown Analyst -: That compares to --  because you were talking about higher in-store compensation.
Christine M. Day: So higher compensation for our store managers?
Unknown Analyst -: Yes.
Christine M. Day: Okay, so what does it take to leverage that increased investment?
Unknown Analyst -: Yes.
Christine M. Day: Okay, we're with you now. At our rate of growth and our high sales per square footage, it's -- the amount that we've given in a pay increase does increase our payroll, but the rate of growth of sales in those stores more than offset that investment that we've made in paying back our people, which we really believe they're the ones that drive the revenue and should share in the success of the company.
John E. Currie: And just to clarify, the revisions to our in-store compensation were rolled out in April. So they had some impact in Q1, but they're more of an impact Q2 and forward.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay. And then I was wondering if you, as it relates to e-Commerce, if you ever plan to fulfill the e-Commerce stores from in-store stock.
Christine M. Day: At this point in time, it's not a priority for us to be able to do that. We've got some other things that are ahead of that. And I think in order to do that, you also have to be very accurate with your inventory if we try to -- and we don't have any desire to ship from store. Do we see an opportunity to have some kind of handheld or terminal that we could satisfy the demand and ship from home in the stores in the future? That's definitely something that we're considering. And there's a lot to work out from that in terms of compensating store managers and keeping all of that in line that we have to solve. It's not just a technical issue, because we want to make sure we get it in a robust solution that satisfies all the concerns with doing something like that.
Unknown Analyst -: And just my last question is, as it relates to the running products, can you tell what you are most excited about for Q2 and then for the second half?
Christine M. Day: For running products, what we're excited about?
Unknown Analyst -: Yes, for running.
Delaney Schweitzer: Well, every month, we drop new running products. So one thing that our design team does a phenomenal job of is continuing to inspire and delight, including me. If you look at my closet, you'd know how much I love our running products. But every season, we come out with amazing new shorts, new running skirts, our technical tops and so on and so forth. And that continues. Going forward beyond that, there's other technical pieces of the line that we are adding. Christine had mentioned that commuting is one of those and going into third quarter, we're actually looking at dropping a new commuting line. So we've always got something new up our sleeve that we're excited about.
Christine M. Day: I think in the first quarter it was definitely the white run shorts, which people felt it was a great crossover,  and the skirt was a great crossover  piece for a lot of things that flew out the door. So we're also finding if we do things in color and print right now, that's also a really big driver of the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin: A quick question on international growth outside of North America and Australia. Any updated plans there?
Christine M. Day: We're definitely doing all the behind-the-scenes work on the business model, evaluating the markets, looking at feature or structure capability that we need. But in the near term, we find every resource that we have really has the opportunity to be deployed to North America and because the opportunity is just so big to continue to drive that business. So we're not in a hurry to get there because there's so much demand in front of us right here. But doing the prudent planning, to be able to turn that on in the right way, which for us is always with a healthy profit objective and not with a loss that you have to clean up later or not doing it well, we're attracting talent that has global experience in a lot of key positions to build our bench to be able to manage that business well. So you'll see us do a lot of behind-the-scene things, but -- and we'll continue to do some wholesale in those markets. You'll start to see us, the e-Commerce in those markets. And eventually, we'll do some showrooms  to test markets, but we're already beginning to develop the tracking capability, develop a pricing strategy. So those are the things that we're looking at right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Pak of Barclays Capital.
Stacy W. Pak: I guess I still have several questions, believe it or not. But one is if you're back to the 20% comp in April, why not guide to that sort of a level for Q2 given the inventory sales, like it's in a better position. Two, I was hoping you could comment on -- Christine, you just mentioned prints and brights. I think at least that's what you said -- comment on that in terms of the inventory. Do you think you have enough of that, as well the smaller sizes, the 2s and the 4s and also the accessories? And if not, when those kinds of things get back in stock? Can you also comment on the pricing that you took? Do you want me to keep going or come back to you on the other questions?
Christine M. Day: Maybe let John take the comp one and then, Sheree, give me some notes on the prints and colors so we'll do that one.
John E. Currie: Okay. Yes, as you say, we saw 20% comp in April. April we got a real surge of new inventory in. Our inventory in Q4 -- or in Q2, as we've said, isn't going to be perfect, either in terms of quantity or mix. So I don't want to assume that we'll match that surge that we had with a lot of new product in April. And so we are guiding for higher than what we saw in Q1, but I don't want to get carried away because the inventory flow is still less than optimal.
Christine M. Day: And I think we also know that there were some pent-up demand in April that probably peaked April, and I think that's what we're looking at is, what's going to be that normalized rate? And we're still seeing, as the new product line comes in, that kind of starved-guest  effect. But once we get full into stock I expect that to normalize a little bit. And then we do from July forward start to anniversary some pretty steep comps going into like the third quarter.
John E. Currie: Well, and in fact, last year in July, for example, we had some markdowns that drove volume. So we're also lapping against that.
Christine M. Day: So for prints and colors, I think we haven't had enough of those proportionately in the line in the first quarter and beginning in the second -- beginning of the second quarter. That increase is pretty dramatically in the end of back half of second quarter and the third quarter, fourth quarter. So we feel really good about where we are with that. I think we were a little light, I think, on prints and bright colors for the first quarter and that will something be that we address next year. And accessories, we've had a little bit more of a focused line that sold really well but we've seen the guests missing some breadth. We've got a great team in accessories now and I think you can look forward to us increasing that. On the size curve, we've improved. We don't have this big out-of-stock situation, but on the colored lines and the prints, we still see the 2, 4, 6s go faster and so we're constantly adjusting the amount of mix we have in that. That said, part of our strategy has always been that -- not to ever have enough of some those to keep the scarcity, to also have the guest be able to walk into a class and not be dressed in the same as someone else, which we believe  fairly strongly in. So within the boundaries of that, we do expect those to turn at a faster rate, and -- but we should have something new behind it. And that's what we're working on, is to increase that.
Stacy W. Pak: And then the pricing that you took in Q1 and sort of how you're viewing your opportunity to price up in the second half. And then I don't think you said -- or if you did I missed. The stores that opened in Q1, how did they open on sales per square foot versus the U.S. average?
Christine M. Day: In terms of pricing, we didn't actually take any pricing. So what you'll see us do is some special edition hoodies or groove pants or jackets  that might be priced higher than the norm. But we've been pretty selective about maintaining our price points. So we haven't actually taken, like, an official pricing. It's been on the item-by-item basis from adjustments, especially with special editions. And then you had your first question, which is on the new stores, which...
John E. Currie: Yes, and of course, we don't have annualized numbers for the stores that just opened, so we just have a few weeks of average weekly sales. And similar to the store openings last year, they're opening anywhere from 80% to 100% of the average for the U.S. So continued very strong openings of these new stores, again very early days for some of these because they've only been opened a few weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black from Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black: I have a few questions. I wondered -- it seems like you're offering more product that can be worn for multiple purposes and that you have an offering of dresses. I wondered how big of an opportunity you feel this is?
Christine M. Day: We always and you see this in the spring, it's kind of a cover-up piece and kind of from that to-and-fro  yoga collection that's part of our like fun element that we always have in there in the spring. So you see us do that then. But we don't see us driving what's more of what we call kind of a culture or a casual-wear piece as a main category for us. But have an element of fun and surprise and delight, that's why we do things like that, but not as what we see a major growth driver.
Jennifer Black: Okay, great. And then as far as your product categories, what do you see as being the largest opportunity for fall? And can you speak a little bit to outerwear as well?
Sheree Waterson: So the largest opportunity is actually being in stock in what the guest wants. So, good idea, right? If you look at our tops category, that's one that just sticks out of my mind. Our technical tops is something that our guests cannot get enough of and we've significantly increased our penetration there. In terms of outerwear, we have -- I think, what you'll see is some new styling and we're really pushing the boundaries more there, and we're really excited about that. So I think you'll see more variety in that category.
Christine M. Day: Yes, and I think that we didn't do spring outerwear this year. Normally we'll do a light jacket, et cetera, but you will see that drop in August for back-to-school. So there'll be not only the traditional that we do for October, the winter, you'll also see a bit of a fall jacket assortment.
Jennifer Black: Great. And then lastly, I wondered what percent of your business is accessories? And do you have a goal -- a longer-term goal, in mind? Or are you happy with where it is?
Sheree Waterson: Our penetration varies between 12% and 15%. And I really feel that, that's probably the right penetration. There is definitely opportunities to be in business in certain categories with an uninterrupted flow and so on and so forth. But the overall penetration, I don't know that we'd want to see it too much higher.
Christine M. Day: No, I think keep it growing at pace is the right strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Can you give us any more color just on the comp store sales number or the transactions traffic, what the complexion was? I thought what was really outstanding was the gross margin, the mix of the gross margin and how you see those components going forward through the balance of the year.
John E. Currie: Okay, well, the first one, the comp, and again this is similar to what we've been seeing, about 3/4  of the comp came from increased traffic and most of the balance came from increased conversion, Very little came from the basket that the guest was buying. In terms of your question on gross margin, not quite sure how much I can say other than what I said on the call. I mean, gross margin in Q1 was extremely high. Of course, a lot of what was driving that was very, very few markdowns. That's not even a healthy markdown level, as we're back to normal inventory levels. You'll just naturally see some more normalized markdowns and that will bring gross margin down. The balance of the year, we'll continue to incur air freight because we are still working hard to stay in an inventory position and that's higher than what you'd see in, if you could call anything a normal year. And the main thing offsetting those -- sorry and of course, in addition I talked about inflationary pressure on sourcing labor and materials. And then, offsetting that primarily is leverage on higher volumes on occupancy, depreciation and other fixed costs.
Dana Telsey: And then, Christine, could you just comment on, as you see the product assortment go -- and as you move international, opening that first warehouse showroom in London, any adjustments to the categories, the penetration or the mix as you move forward?
Christine M. Day: Sorry, what did you say about London? I was -- I missed that part.
Dana Telsey: As you open your first warehouse showroom in London, as you grow in other regions, does the mix at all need to be adjusted?
Christine M. Day: Yes, we haven't officially planned to open the London showroom yet. We've kind of held back on that, so we're really penetrating more with strategic sales and some trunk shows, et cetera, in that market, which we found is the right strategy for where we're at right now rather than a physical store. But I think we always start with technical products, which is our highest margin product, because that's what we want to seed with the guest first. So in terms of margin impact, it would be a healthier margin because it's in our core technical products.
Operator: I would now like to turn it back to the speakers for any additional remarks that they might have.
Christine M. Day: So I apologize that we run out of time and I know there were more people with questions in the queue, so we'll try to handle those off-line in callbacks.  So thank you everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you out there and we look forward to Q2. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-03-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Currie - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Sheree Waterson - Executive Vice President of General Merchandise Management, Supply Chain and Logistics Christine Day - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Melissa McKay - Investor Relations
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Stacy Pak - Prudential Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Claire Gallacher - Capstone Investments Lizabeth Dunn - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch Christian Buss - ThinkEquity LLC Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research John Zolidis - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the lululemon athletica Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] And now, I'll turn the call over to Melissa McKay of ICR. Please begin.
Melissa McKay: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining lululemon athletica's conference call to discuss fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. A copy of today's press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.lululemon.com, or furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC available on the Commission's website at www.sec.gov. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for 30 days as a replay shortly after the call in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. Hosting today's call is Christine Day, the company's Chief Executive Officer; and John Currie, the company's Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you of the company's Safe Harbor language. Statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from [ph] projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Christine Day, lululemon athletica's Chief Executive Officer. Christine?
Christine Day: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter was a fitting finish to 2010, giving us four solid and consistent quarters of growth for the year. Our fourth quarter revenues increased approximately 53%, and for the year, sales were up 57%.  Looking back, we were able to increase our inventory position throughout the year, which allowed us to continue our momentum against more challenging comparisons in the third and fourth quarters while also fueling our E-commerce business in the fourth quarter. And even though we achieved a strong Q4 comp increase, we still believe there was unmet demand across all product lines in our stores and E-commerce channel.  In E-commerce, we achieved our goal of 10% of total sales in the fourth quarter. And even though we will have a short-term disruption to this business as we re-launch our site at the end of the first quarter, we project staying at 10% in 2011, just our second full year in the E-commerce business. And we have set a new midterm target of 15% of sales. Given we are still learning a lot about E-commerce and have been perpetually under inventoried on our site, we know that we are still at the early stages and see a tremendous opportunity to grow this channel. Also adding to our total sales growth for the fourth quarter were 12 stores we opened in the U.S. during 2010, which were performing close to the average of all our U.S. stores. We believe our expanded showroom strategy was a major driver of this success [ph]. Looking at our profitability, we achieved a record gross margin of 55.5% for the year and 58.5% for the fourth quarter, both benefiting from strong sell-through and an unusually low level of markdown. This pushed our operating margin to 25.3% for the year and over 29% for the fourth quarter. While it is unlikely that we will be able to improve on these margin levels in the near term due to rising sourcing costs, we continue investments on our infrastructure and growth initiatives. We do believe we have a best-of-class business model that will enable us to continue to enjoy very strong profitability in 2011 and beyond. So to summarize 2010, the year was characterized by strong guest demand for our product, limited markdowns, multifaceted top line growth and leveraging costs while still making important investments, all netting to record profitability. We added capability to our senior management team with the addition of a very seasoned CIO, with experience in the vertically integrated apparel business, and a new VP of Human Resources. Both are proving to be very valuable to the organization. Another major investment was our new distribution center in the U.S., which will provide us with cost savings in 2011 and beyond. We believe that our overall strategy heading into 2011 is more dynamic than ever. It includes driving organic revenue growth, increase supply chain capacity and capability, continued focus on our in-store guest experience, continued innovation in yoga and run, grassroot community and a digital strategy to expand our online community presence, strategically placed showrooms converting to stores, resulting in the opening of up to 30 new stores, and the launching of our new E-commerce platform.  Moving into the first quarter of 2011, I want to highlight our inventory position and our E-commerce transition. First, the exceptionally strong sell-through of our Q4 product left us under inventoried to service our Q1 demand. In addition, as each new delivery arrives, it has been selling much faster than planned. Our new product deliveries are now weighted towards April, beginning the replenishment of our inventory position.  Next, as previewed last year, we are transferring our E-commerce platform from our current third-party vendor to our in-house ATG platform. This is a complex project that requires significant IT infrastructure changes and integration of multiple service vendors to a new site. It also requires a physical move of inventory from the third-party supplier to our own U.S. DC. The date of the official transfer is April 15th. To facilitate the cutover from our vendor systems to ours, the entire site will be down for a few hours so we can test new site integration. This will occur during the evening hours of April 14 to early morning of the 15th.  After launch, we will be introducing our new summer product line. The plan is to slowly bring the spring inventory down in the outsourced facility to minimize the amount that needs to be counted, packed and shipped, and ensures we will have a full inventory to support the new site. We have a guest communication strategy in place so the move is transparent, and our guests are supported during the transition. While we will see a temporary sales decline in the new E-commerce channel in Q1, we anticipate a full sales recovery in Q2 with the launch of the new site where we will achieve a higher margin.  I am also very pleased to announce that we've hired Chris Ladd to head up our global E-commerce initiative. Chris brings over 15 years of industry experience, most recently at Crocs and Titleist, with a great background in marketing, technology and E-commerce. Chris is completing his immersion training program and will be ready to take the reins in April.  In the end, we are excited about bringing E-commerce in-house. The benefits, longer-term, will be the ability to move inventory between channels to meet demand, a strong platform for growth and integration of our digital strategy, improved operating margin and operating efficiencies, ability to expand with country-specific catalogs for international, improved guest experience with one-page checkout and simplified product management. The entire team here is very excited about our E-commerce re-launch and the year we just finished in 2010. We are all together again in our new headquarters in Vancouver, and are as excited and motivated as ever about capturing the many opportunities we see ahead for our business. And now, over to John.
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter and full year 2010 results, and then I'll update you on our outlook for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2011.  For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, total net revenue rose 52.8% to $245.4 million from $160.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 28% on a constant dollar basis, bringing our average store productivity up to a record $1,726 per square foot for fiscal 2010.  The addition of 12 net new corporate-owned stores in North America since Q4 of 2009; the consolidation of Australian operations, which now includes four showrooms and 11 stores, at which there have been two net new openings since Q4 of 2009; the addition of 35 net new showrooms opened in the U.S. since Q4 of 2009; E-commerce sales, which increased by $15 million; and a stronger Canadian dollar, which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $6 million, or 2.5%.  During the quarter, we opened four corporate-owned lululemon stores in the U.S. and one in Australia. We closed our Victoria ivivva location, and in Brisbane, Australia, we closed our store for relocation due to a mall redevelopment project. We ended the quarter with 137 total stores versus 124 a year ago, 133 which are corporate-owned, including the 11 in Australia, and 4 franchised stores, all in the U.S. There are now 106 stores in our comp base, 41 of those in Canada and 65 in the United States. Corporate-owned stores represented 82.6% of total revenue, or $202.8 million, versus 85.5% or $137.4 million in the fourth quarter of last year.  Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel, which includes E-commerce and phone sales, totaled $24.6 million, achieving a level of 10% of total revenue versus $9.8 million, or 6.1% of total revenues, in the fourth quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes franchise, wholesale, showrooms, warehouse sales and outlets totaled $18 million, or the remaining 7.4% of revenue for the fourth quarter. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $143.5 million, or 58.5% of net revenue, compared to $86.6 million, or 53.9% of net revenue, in Q4 of 2009. The factors which contributed to this 460 basis point increase in gross margin were merchandise margin improvement of 90 basis points. Although we did incur higher product costs due to inflationary pressures, this was more than offset by reduced markdowns, lower shrink, defective goods and obsolescence provisions, and a shift towards our higher-margin E-commerce channel. Leverage on non-merchandise costs, such as occupancy and depreciation, and product and supply chain team costs, which contributed 290 basis points of improvement, and foreign exchange improvement of 80 basis points due to a stronger Canadian dollar. SG&A expenses were $72.2 million, or 29.4% of net revenue, compared to $45.1 million, or 28.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 59.9% SG&A dollar increase is due to: A natural increase in store compensation and operating expenses associated with new stores, show rooms, outlets and growth at existing locations; an increase in administrative costs and variable service provider fees associated with the higher sales volumes from our E-commerce channel; SG&A and head office costs from our Australian operation, which we began accounting for on a consolidated basis commencing from the date of our ownership increase during Q2 2010; an increase in head office employee costs, including management incentive-based compensation and options expense; and other head office costs as a result of the expansion of our business; and finally, the higher Canadian dollar, which increased SG&A by $1.4 million, or 2%. As a percentage of revenue, our fourth quarter SG&A increased 130 basis points due to growth in our E-commerce, Australia, ivivva and showroom channels, which carry a higher SG&A component than our corporate stores. As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter was $71.3 million, or 29.1% of net revenue, compared to $41.4 million, or 25.8% of net revenue in 2009. Tax expense for the quarter was $16.9 million after being reduced by an $8.9 million adjustment to reverse additional taxes accrued during the first three quarters of 2010. As discussed on our earnings call earlier this year, we increased our expected tax rate from 35% to 40%, commencing in Q1 of this fiscal year, to take into account the additional future taxes, which would be incurred if and when excess funds are repatriated from our Canadian operating subsidiary to the parent company by way of dividends.  As also discussed at that time, this was the conservative position as we continued to investigate planning opportunities and estimates of required uses for these excess funds within the subsidiary. As a result of successful progress in these efforts, we are now comfortable that this additional future tax accrual is not required, which has resulted in the $8.9 million adjustment, as well as the return to a lower tax rate applied to Q4 and future taxable income. Normalized for this adjustment, the tax rate for Q4 would have been 35.9%. Net income for the quarter was $54.8 million, or $0.76 per diluted share. Although earnings-neutral for the full fiscal 2010, the tax adjustment had the impact of increasing Q4 earnings by $0.12 per diluted share. Normalizing for this tax adjustment, net income for the quarter would have been $0.64 per diluted share. I'll point out again that the $0.64 reflects a 35.9% tax rate versus the 40% tax rate anticipated when we gave guidance for the quarter. This compares with net income of $28.5 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2009. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $72.7 million versus $71.3 million a year ago. Capital expenditures were $8.4 million in the fourth quarter resulting from new store build outs, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. Turning to the highlights for our full fiscal year 2010 performance, net revenue rose 57.1% to $711.7 million from $452.9 million in fiscal 2009. Gross profit was $394.9 million, or 55.5% of net revenue, compared to $223.1 million, or 49.3% of net revenue, in fiscal 2009. Operating income was $180.4 million, or 25.2% of net revenue, versus $86.5 million, or 19.1% of net revenue, in fiscal 2009. Net income for the year was $121.8 million, or $1.69 per diluted share, compared to $58.3 million, or $0.82 per diluted share, for fiscal 2009. This year's results were based on 71.9 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding and a tax rate of 33.3%.  Looking at our balance sheet highlights, we ended the year with cash and cash equivalents totaling $316.3 million, an increase of $156.7 million, or almost double our cash position at the end of fiscal 2009. Inventory at the end of the year was $57.5 million, or 30% higher than at the end of 2009. Even though this point-in-time snapshot may seem reasonable compared to last year, in fact, we came into 2011 under inventory to meet Q4 demand.  Which leads me to our outlook for the first quarter of 2011. Before I talk about specifics, I'd like to expand on the very near-term inventory challenges we're facing. Our exceptional performance in the fourth quarter of 2010 was achieved in part by accelerating some deliveries planned for Q1. And even with this additional product, we experienced higher-than-expected sell-through. With late deliveries during the first part of Q1 and no opportunity to accelerate product deliveries until April, our sales in Q1 will be limited to a level of growth below the demand that we have seen and, when in-stock, continue to see from our guests. We therefore anticipate revenue in the range of $175 million to $180 million. This is based on a comparable store sales percentage increase in the low double-digits on a constant dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2010.  We plan to open five lululemon stores in the U.S., one lululemon store in Australia and one ivivva store in Canada during the first quarter. As Christine discussed, we are transitioning away from our third-party model for E-commerce. To facilitate a smooth transition, we're gradually reducing inventory allocated to the third-party fulfillment provider so that inventory to be transferred is minimized at the mid-April go-live date. We will then gradually increase assortment on our new platform as it is stabilized. Therefore, although E-commerce has been running at approximately 10% of overall revenue, we expect for Q1 that it will be closer to 8% of revenue.  We expect slight gross margin expansion versus the first quarter of 2010 driven by leveraged unfixed costs, such as occupancy and depreciation, partially offset by higher product costs from sourcing pressures in both labor and raw materials. We also expect to deleverage on SG&A as a percentage of revenue versus the first quarter of 2010 due to growth in our E-commerce, Australia, ivivva and showroom channels, which carry a higher SG&A component than our corporate stores. These margin expectations also reflect some compression from preopening costs incurred in Q1 relating to the 10 stores that we currently have under construction for opening late in Q1 or in Q2.  Assuming a tax rate of 36%, which is higher than the 2010 tax rate, as our income mix shifts more towards the higher tax U.S. operations, and $72.4 million diluted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the first quarter to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 per share.  For the full fiscal year 2011, we anticipate we'll open a total of up to 30 corporate-owned stores, including up to three Australia and two ivivva locations. We expect net revenue to be in the range of $885 million to $900 million for the fiscal year, representing revenue growth of approximately 25% over 2010. For the year, we expect gross margin to decline from 2010. Sourcing pressures are expected to be higher in the second half compared to the first half of 2011, partially offset by leverage on occupancy and depreciation gains due to higher store productivity and distribution efficiencies. However, we do expect to leverage on overall SG&A as we gain cost efficiencies from the transition of our E-commerce platform to our in-house model and leverage on our SSC costs in place, offset by higher store compensation designed to attract and retain the best staff and investments to continue to drive long-term scalability and growth. As a result, we expect our overall operating margin to be relatively flat with 2010. We expect 2011 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.90 to $2 per share. This is based on $72.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, and it assumes an effective tax rate of 36% for the year. We expect capital expenditures to be between $45 million and $50 million for fiscal 2011, reflecting new store build outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital and distribution center CapEx.  In addition, as recently announced, on March 1, we purchased our Store Support Center in the Kitsilano area of Vancouver near our original store for $65 million plus closing costs. The purchase of the office is expected to be roughly earnings-neutral for 2011. With that, I'll turn it back to Christine.
Christine Day: Thanks, John. And we are very excited to be in our new office, so we apologize for being a bit late on the call today, because you had executives trying to figure out how to turn on the lights in the new building, which wasn't easy for us.  I'd also like to thank everyone for joining us today, and in closing, I want to state how devastated we are, as a leadership team and a company, over the events that happened in our Bethesda store over the weekend. And the senior team flew to the market and took care of our people, the families, and we made sure that we did everything that we could to ensure that the police could cooperate with them to have effective investigation. And I'm very proud of the way our company responded to the event though horrified [indiscernible] had to. So with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was wondering if you could touch a little bit more on the inventory constraints that you're experiencing. Is there any way to quantify how much that's holding back sales? And then also help us understand, in the second half, how you're adjusting your inventory plan? And is there an opportunity to take a much bigger position in safety stock for basic items?
John Currie: Let me start, and then maybe Sheree can kick in. To put it into perspective, as I said, our inventory is up 30% year-over-year. But if you go back two years, last year was actually down 15% from the prior year. So we're coming into this year only 15% higher in inventory than we were two years ago. We have a cleaner inventory position, so our inventory turns are stronger, but we're still significantly under-inventoried on a historical basis. In terms of getting back in stock, our ability, as I said, there's some ability to accelerate deliveries into April. To a large extent, that's taken from Q2. So we'll continue to be inventory-constrained through the first half of the year. We've placed deeper buys into Q3, and we still have an opportunity to place a deeper buy again into Q4, which we will.
Christine Day: Just -- before we turn to Sheree, just want to note that we sold through so strongly in Q4. It eroded a fair amount of the base of inventory we carry, and we had slightly lighter deliveries coming in April. And with Chase and even accelerating our orders with Chinese New Year, being quite a longer period in there, it just takes a little while to build in Q1. The other factor is the deliberate move to decrease the inventory available on our E-commerce site, which will then also push sales to the latter half of the quarter. So Sheree, do you want to talk about the rebuild of inventory?
Sheree Waterson: Sure. We are taking measures, and have been, to increase our safety stock overseas and to create a cushion that's even more significant than we have in the past. We're doing this by going deeper with our current manufacturing partners, as well as adding new ones with more flexible capacity that will allow us to sell different types of goods, knits, wovens and some very complex designs that we produce.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Any other color you can give us also on the comp composition? Just traffic ticket, conversion, just kind of...
John Currie: Yes. We do traffic counts in about -- a little under 1/3 of the stores. So it's fairly representative. About 3/4 of the comp increase came from traffic, about 20% from conversion, and the balance by slightly higher average dollar per transaction.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch: It's Paul Alexander for Lorraine. Could you give us a little bit more information on the sourcing pressure you're seeing? It seems that you are experiencing pressure maybe a little bit earlier than some of the other retailers in the group. Maybe you could talk about how that's related to your exposure to cotton versus oil?
John Currie: Overall, and going back to the comments we've made on calls before, for the first half of the year, we see about 150 basis points of gross margin compression coming from inflationary costs, like labor in China, et cetera, and in cotton as well as nylon and other. We expect that to be somewhat higher for the third quarter where we placed the buy. It's probably closer to 200 to 225 basis points of gross margin compression. We're not quite there on Q4, but I'd expect something similar for Q4.
Christine Day: And that's unmitigated.
John Currie: Right.
Paul Alexander - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then maybe for Sheree. Could you talk a little bit about your opportunities to raise prices to mitigate?
Sheree Waterson: Obviously, we always look at our price architecture. But our bias is to actually hold on all of our core items and all of our key items. When we design a line, there is so much newness created, and with that, many times complexity and technical details, and so on and so forth. And we have always had a philosophy of pricing for the value of the garment, and we will continue to do so.
Christine Day: So we can take pricing on things like our special edition hoodies, and so we have deployed a strategy of doing that while keeping the core basics in line. And it's something that we'll always take a look at, but right now, we want to make sure that we have the discipline as an organization of really being efficient and effective at what we do.
Operator: Our next question is from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: A couple of questions. Last time I saw you, Christine, you talked a little bit about needing to build the infrastructure to support the growth, which has been, I think, stronger than expected. I'm wondering if you could talk about some of those investments, and if any of those were made in the fourth quarter? And, Sheree, on the yoga and run investment for fiscal '11, I wondered if you could embellish on that a bit? Perhaps tell us about newness there or exactly how the investment will be characterized, whether that will be novelty or basic, et cetera. I'd like to learn more about that. And John, on the new store openings, I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how they'll look by quarter and what kind of pressure that would bring to pre-opening expense versus last year by quarter?
Christine Day: So, on the architecture, you did see some costs come through in the fourth quarter for the new E-commerce launch, as we're getting to the final stages of that project. We had people running around the office yesterday wearing the product, they had received from all the test shipping. So we are in the soft launch stage. We feel really good about where we are for that launch. You'll also see soft mix investments in our people and store labor, and mainly in pay rates for our educators and staff team so that we'll continue to attract the best. And we are heavily focused on our supply chain systems. Now with Kathryn Henry on board, everybody here at the office is eagerly awaiting her time to get their project up next. But our main focus is on the whole supply chain end-to-end and allocations to the stores, and really getting those systems to be best-of-class. So those are the primary areas that you'll continue to see us make our investments. And then Sheree? Newness...
Sheree Waterson: Sure. We're going to continue to focus on diversifying yoga. So you will see our focus on hot yoga as well as other forms of flow and so forth. We also have a little capsule of yoga surf coming up, and we will continue to explore capsules, to look at different technologies and different technical design features and garments. In terms of our run line, we are introducing a new run short, which we are really excited about, as well as, again, focusing on UV as we did last year. And those are our big ones.
John Currie: Well, as I said, in total, it's five lululemon stores in North America plus one ivivva in Q1. The number for Q2 will be similar, possibly one or two more, with the weighting and the openings primarily Q3. So there's obviously some shift between -- quarter-to-quarter, but that's our target for the first couple of quarters.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. And then just one last question on inventory. It's just -- when do you all think that inventory will be back to the level that you'll be able to fully exploit demand levels?
Christine Day: We're rebuilding, starting Q2, as the really more significant deliveries come in, and then we'll keep building. I mean, Janet, I'm ready to sell my personal closet. I mean, you can't get enough.
Operator: Our next question is from Liz Dunn of FBR Capital Markets.
Lizabeth Dunn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I guess my first question is just a follow-up on the SG&A. So can you give us a sense of the magnitude of de-levers that we'll see in the back half? And would we start to see leverage in Q2, or is it mostly Q3 and Q4? And then on gross margin. In total, for the year, are you anticipating that gross margin compression will be similar to what you said previously, which is about 150 basis points, or was that 150 basis points unmitigated, and then it should be better than that in total? And then I have a couple of questions on product.
John Currie: Starting with SG&A. I see the leverage coming more in the second half. As I said, some of it comes from the shift in the model from E-commerce, which happens the end of Q1, that will really ramp up, again, in the second half, and then more leverage as our volumes increase from new stores and comp sales increases in the second half. Sorry, your question on gross margin, probably it was 150 basis points that we're seeing right now. Looking at -- that's the unmitigated.
Lizabeth Dunn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: For the full year? So it'll be, in total, inclusive of leverage on buying and occupancy, it'll be better than that, or that's your current outlook? Better than 150 unmitigated for the year?
John Currie: The pluses and minuses -- 150 basis points of sourcing pressure in the first half, as I said, maybe more like 225 basis points in the second half -- occupancy and depreciation and some efficiency partially offsetting that.
Lizabeth Dunn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. And then I was wondering if you had a goal for the year or for the next couple of years in terms of how much your E-commerce can be as a percentage of sales? And then on product, I was wondering if there's an opportunity to take some of the technology in sort of running tees into tanks? It's a very personal question.
Christine Day: With that said, I think you will really like the line that we were just previewing yesterday. So, yes, we do see us actually introduce a lot more fabrics in the tanks that come from our other technology lines. And there's a beautiful collection of yoga tanks that Sheree and her team have designed, which were based off of the running tanks. So yes, we will be doing that. And E-Commerce percentages, I mentioned in my script, we see a midterm target of 15% as being very achievable. I will call out that we did purchase a significant amount more for the E-Commerce channel starting in Q2. And we're trying to transition the product down in a very lululemon way, so there's a very fun campaign around that. And then we'll bring it back up a little bit slowly just to make sure we don't overwhelm the site. But we have purchased more significantly for that channel starting a little earlier in the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: You guys ended the year with over $1,700 of square foot in sales. Can you talk a little bit about the performance of your older stores? Are you starting to see some level of maturation? And kind of your most productive stores, how productive are they?
John Currie: Yes. As you would expect, the older stores aren't comping at that average, but they're still comping in the teens or high teens. And the newer stores, especially in some of the newer markets in the U.S., are comping well above that average. Sorry, what was the next part of your question?
Christine Day: But it was sales per square foot. And you were asking comp.
John Currie: Sorry, what was the balance of your question, though, Ed?
Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Well, I was just trying to understand -- for some of your best performing stores, can you provide some color as to how far above the chain average they're performing?
John Currie: The half dozen most productive stores are well over $4,000 a foot.
Operator: Our next question is from Claire Gallacher of Capstone Investments.
Claire Gallacher - Capstone Investments: I'm wondering if you could talk about your marketing and advertising strategy for 2011? I believe you mentioned moving more digital going forward. So if you could discuss that, that would be great.
Christine Day: So one of the strategies that we're working on as a company with the new E-commerce launch, and that will be the first half of the year is really just getting the platform up, making sure it's stable, introducing international, just some additional features on that, and then working on some integration and -- some, basically, just so you can keep it on the site. And then in the back half of the year, you'll see us do a lot more with an integrated digital strategy. So we'll be working on things like mobile apps and a lot more integrated guest experience. And I don't want to say anymore than that, because it's kind of fun at this time, and we want to have a little confidentiality about what we're doing. But you'll see us take a lot more of our -- community strategy online will be the basic premise of our mobile and digital strategy. And let's see, what else are we doing? The other things that we are doing, we are starting to heat up our international ad placement strategy. It's the only thing, as you know, we do is in the back of Runner's World and Yoga Journal. You will see us expand that to a more global footprint to drive those E-commerce sales as well.
Claire Gallacher - Capstone Investments: As a percent of sales, are you increasing the amount that you're spending, or is it just commensurate with your sales growth?
Christine Day: It's not an increase overall. It probably doesn't even run total with sales growth. But, just naturally, as a percentage of sales, you've got more money in that bucket, even though it's a lower, probably, overall percentage of the sales growth rate.
Claire Gallacher - Capstone Investments: And then last question. From an ivivva standpoint, is there any plans for E-commerce, or is it just too young in the cycle for review?
Christine Day: No. We feel very good about where ivivva is. As you know, the one store that's addressing that specifically, that we closed, was one of the test stores we took over from oqoqo in Victoria. And we built it there as we were closing out that store and using the remainder of the lease period. We knew it wasn't an ideal market for the concept, but we wanted the site close by so we could work with it. And we're now relocating that store to Eastern Canada, and you'll see us open two this coming year. And we're very pleased with the sales per square foot we're seeing out of that concept now. We've really refined it into a dance, ice skating and gymnastics line, plus active wear for young women. And the response has just been incredible. So we do see, in the back half of the year, introducing E-commerce potentially for that site. Our timing will really depend on the progress we make on our main lululemon site, and we don't want to disrupt that. And if we can't make it by the back-to-school on ivivva, we would push that to the next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you just talk a little bit about the Men's business and kind of big picture, as you view the lululemon brand as the number one leading athletic apparel brand for women, where does Men's fit into the picture, long term?
Christine Day: Is that a personal question?
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Partially.
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree. Our Men's business was introduced to lululemon to create an amazing atmosphere for our guests. And currently, Men's hovers around 12% to 15% of the business. We are nurturing the Men's business and fine-tuning the assortments. And as we're doing that, we can see the demand increasing. The future of Men's is -- since we always are thinking in the possibility there, there are things that we could do. But currently, Men's is part of who we are at lululemon.
Christine Day: I would say you will really like the new short line for men's shorts that we have that's coming out for summer. I mean, we've got some really great new shorts, yes. And so I think it's just a continued focus on the basics and getting the profiles of the basics right. And we've seen a really strong response already to the men's short line that we dropped for spring. And so we'll just continue to focus on basics.
Operator: Our next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I was curious, Christine. I think you mentioned, or it was John, that you didn't see the opportunity to really expand upon 2010's margins in the near term. But I guess -- and that kind of begs the question. Your margins are so good. I mean, where do you think longer-term operating margin potential is?
John Currie: Well, remember when our goal was 20%?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I do, John.
John Currie: Yes. We came in a little over 25% this year. We like to, as I said, we're looking at staying relatively flat with that this year. And I think, with our business model, we should be able to continue to invest in growth and deliver an operating margin somewhere in that range. It might be a little bit lumpy up and down, but that's a great new target, I think.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: But I guess, longer term, as you grow E-commerce more quickly -- I mean, is this potentially an operating margin where you could get up to 30% longer term, or are there headwinds to achieving that?
Christine Day: I think it's a pretty unsettled sourcing climate, so I think that's one thing that keeps us cautious from saying that. But as we go back to what our growth strategy is, it's very high volume, fewer stores and then reach with E-commerce, both of which giving you high-margin businesses. I think competition is the other thing that could potentially disrupt that model if we go a little bit deeper maybe in stores to make sure that we protect our reach to guests. And then as you expand into international, typically you have a little bit lower margin profile because of higher occupancy costs than labor costs. So I think overtime, as we utilize different growth strategies, you might see some different operating margin pressures from those. But we do believe that this can be a best-of-class operating margin business.
Operator: Our next question is from Taposh Bari of Jefferies.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: John, I just wanted to clarify. I don't know if I caught this in your prepared remarks, did you give comp guidance for the year?
John Currie: No. I mean, there's a lot of moving pieces in the revenue for the year, so I just gave revenue guidance.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So I was looking at your 25% sales growth. It looks like kind of an in-line, low double-digit type guidance based on what you're guiding for square footage. So I'm just trying to -- I guess, as follow-up on the operating margin question, you guys are alluding to a flattish type margin for the year. So I'm just looking at the moving parts, obviously several there. You can have a higher E-comm penetration, you're going to take your E-comm to an owned model, presumably some fixed cost leverage or favorable Canadian dollar. Obviously, the sourcing cost environment remains kind of dynamic, to say the least. So sourcing cost about 200 basis points for the year as a headwind, unmitigated. I'm just trying to understand why a down gross margin guide? So if you can just provide some color there? Maybe I'm missing something there.
John Currie: Again, there's lots of offsetting pluses and minuses, and our crystal ball for the full year is still kind of foggy. Part of it is additional air freight will be incurred this year to get back into stock. So our air freight expense will be higher than it was in 2010. And, again, the main driver offsetting those pressures is efficiency coming from our new DC and leverage on occupancy and depreciation.
Christine Day: I'd say we still have to place our Q4 buy, and we're still trying to make sure that we have the right target and amount to anniversary that strong comp we did in Q4 of this year. So the overall number was obviously expected by the base -- the strong base that we just occurred. So that's our planning work that we're doing right now to make sure that we make sure we have enough for Q4 this year and enough going into Q1 of next year. So that's a really important short-term decision that we're making. And so we'll be able to, I think, next quarter give a little more guidance on that.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And it's a follow-up on -- if you could talk about how your stores are re-forming in some of the new markets in the States. I noticed that you opened a new store in states like Ohio, Tennessee and Georgia. Seriously, can you just maybe give some color on how those stores are performing versus some of your -- stores that you would typically open up along the coast, which are presumably more productive?
Christine Day: We were actually looking at that yesterday, and we kind of had to laugh, because they were so strong. And the smaller markets like the Tennessees just decided -- they've opened up at some of the best levels that we saw. We're really, really pleased with the 2010 store openings and the average sales that they opened. Our showroom strategy is working without exception, and every store was just a stellar opening. So Delaney and her team just did a fantastic job.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black: I wondered, as your web business grows, what are your learnings, especially with international? Are you seeing a more diverse group of international buyers? And are there any new countries that you would call out? And then I have a follow-up.
Christine Day: We definitely see our product beginning to penetrate. We just recently had somebody from the team who was in Paris and was absolutely surprised at the amount of lululemon they saw on the street. So we know that our reach is expanding internationally and the demand is really growing, which is why it's one of our first priorities on the website to convert, to have the ease of shipping internationally, including the duty tax, et cetera. So that'll be the first priority that we do, as well as in beginning local pages, in strategically following the markets that we've planned out. So right now, I can't remember the exact total off of E-commerce as a percentage of sales, but it is growing international shipments.
Jennifer Black: And then I wondered also, can you quantify how much you need to increase your web inventory? And I know it sounds like you won't do this until you make the changeover to meet the current demand while keeping that customer hungry. And then my last question was as you gain information about your guests, are you doing anything to reward your special guests besides what you've already been doing?
Christine Day: Our strategy is much more -- is kind of an in-the-know strategy as opposed to anything that's discounting. So our really loyal guests, whether it's on the social media -- that we will give them heads up for -- and since we had a special edition hoodie online, that we invited certain guests to know. We thought that product would last, what, a couple of weeks, Sheree? And it lasted a day and a half. So things are selling out very quickly online, and we know that, that's our job to bring the products in. We're a little bit short-term constrained because of the transition. We made the decision not to ship in the summer product line and bring that down so that we had it ready to go here, and with the new DC, as opposed to trying to transition all of that product. So we've learned a lot about what the guest wants online. And we've really fine-tuned the product assortment. You'll actually see us doing some broader and special online-only categories. And we see it as a real tool in the future to bring back things like classics that the guests have been asking for that we maybe don't have room in our stores. Something like the Deep V or the athletic tanks that we had. We have a lot of demand for that, but we would bring something like that back online.
Jennifer Black: Great. And any quantification on inventory as far as how much you think you would need to increase it, after you make the changeover online?
Christine Day: We have substantially bought -- I don't have the number off the tip of my fingers, but we're planning for significant growth in the E-commerce channel this year. And as I've said, our midterm target is to that 15%. And we believe it's only an inventory constraint together.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez of Nomura Securities.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I had a couple of questions. My first is, I was wondering -- as you look at some of your newer stores and the sales increases there, do you have a sense if that's driven more by new customers or repeat customers, or is it pretty equal? And then, secondly, I think you said in your K that 12 to 15 of your openings this year will be in markets seeded by showrooms. And I was just wondering how you locate the other stores that aren't seeded by showrooms? Are those just fill-in stores in markets you're already in?
Christine Day: Well, mainly, the new stores, the base of new customers, particularly if it's a market that we've just had a showroom that you're really tracking. Now they might be familiar with the brand from shopping in either online or in other cities in close proximity when they travel. So that's mainly a new guest that we would be attracting in those locations. And for the stores that we don't do a showroom, it's typically part of an expanded market strategy. So it could be the opening, the fourth or fifth store, maybe, in a city. So we wouldn't do a one-for-one with the showrooms, because those guests are already familiar. And it's through the design meetings we do and our E-commerce sales. It's rather an -- we have an integrated market strategy that we look at, that we then know that we have a lot of guest demand in a certain trade area, and so then we'll open a store as soon as we have the management team ready. So we have a very deep working list of locations for the build out that we've stated of the over 300 stores. So it's always just, for us, a proofing-out that those are the right locations. And that's the process that we follow.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks. Just a follow-up, though. Do you have any sense of what the repeat customer is looking like at some of your newer stores? I mean do you track that data?
Christine Day: We don't really track that data. We only have overall transactions. But just anecdotally, we know that we have a very loyal guest following that stops into the store two or three days a week. They know exactly when a product notification goes out. They know exactly when the key shipments of new products come in. It's a very interactive guest. And then we have another guest that shops in the stores but looks online and checks everything out. So we actually have put together a Facebook catalog where people can click in, that will go, as part of our digital strategy during the launch transition, to make it really easy for that guest to identify what she wants and get it at the location that she wants.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert Baird.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just a follow-up on your inventory. I know you said it was constrained across all product lines. Was it more constrained in some areas than others? And also did you see any regional differences in your comp?
Christine Day: No and no. So it was pretty much -- we see it across -- we're actually fairly in-stock in Grooves and Astro Pants and the basics. So it's more did we order enough of the new? And that's a little more complicated to chase than the basics. So that's why it's taking us a little bit more time to get back in-stock than it would if it was just the basics that we were chasing. And then as far as regional performance, no. I mean, we've seen some areas just really taking off, such as DC and Texas in particular, and really loyal guests building in those markets. So those would be outstanding. But there wasn't any market that didn't benefit from guest demand.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: That's great. And could you talk about your efforts to move productions out of China? I think you were targeting around 62% at the end of 2010. Where did that come in, and where do you expect to be at by the year end of this year?
Christine Day: Yes. We were closer to 60%. And with the strategies that Sheree's putting in place right now, we did just hire a tremendous new individual to join our sourcing team that brings us a lot of experience from the Adidas organization. And we also hired our General Merchandise Manager, our GMM candidate, Ruth Rosenthal [ph], who comes to us with a lot of experience from Nike. So very pleased to have those two joining our team, which will specifically target right product to right stores and increasing our manufacturing capacity.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: The merchandise margin was up around 90 basis points in the quarter. That's an acceleration from the third quarter, I believe, up around 60 basis points. What's driving that? Is it different categories, is it different materials you're using? And then also on the warehouse showrooms, how many do you foresee this year? And how are the real estate negotiations going in terms of occupancy costs, given the acceleration in the number of new store openings?
Christine Day: Well, maybe I'll deal with the last one first, because we really look at our target list, and our goal is to have a pipeline that's 150% of the target of stores that we actually want to open. That gives us a position to only do the sites that are on the terms that we want to be on. And it's a very -- real estate costs are one of the core costs of your business model. So we take a great care. If we're only going to have 300 stores or 400 stores, they've got to be the right place, the right deal and the right terms for the long term. And we hold very firm with that, and we believe that we're a very attractive tenant that brings in a lot of traffic to the centers that we're a part of. And the landlords recognize that, so we feel very good about the deals that we've been able to cut on very favorable terms. That allowed us to have a lot of security for the long term in the business model. So on the margin, John would take that.
John Currie: Yes, let me take that. I mean, on the margin, a couple of things. Q4 is always a little bit lower because there's higher outerwear component that carries a lower margin. But in general, and as I said, even in Q4, we were starting to be impacted by the inflationary pressures on sourcing. The things that offset that and put us into the positive are more some efficiencies, and because of our strong sell-through. So markdowns, for example, were very low. We started the quarter in a better inventory position than compared to a year ago, so even air freight was lower in Q4. And then because we sold-through so strongly, being left with low inventory positions -- reserves for things like obsolescence didn't need to be as high as they have been in the past. So it's those types of efficiencies in the supply chain that drove the higher margin.
Christine Day: So I think there were some other follow-on effects. We had a very, very limited January holiday sale because there was no product to markdown, so that's another thing that kind of affects Q1 revenue numbers, though obviously then, margins will be stronger. We don't have enough product for a warehouse sale, so we won't be doing one of those in the near future. And showrooms are slightly different. The run rate of those, Chris, is, what, for this year right now? 47%, 48%? And those are an ongoing concern. We'll open a few -- transition a few over the year, but pretty close to that run rate of about [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Pak of Barclays Capital.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: I don't know if I missed it, I just stepped away, but did you address what your experience has been in some of the lower-tier, if you will, U.S. markets? What you're seeing from the customer and what you're seeing on a sales productivity level? Could you comment if you're in line with the low double-digit comp guidance now? And then, also, could you tell us where you expect to end inventories at the end of Q2?
Christine Day: We aren't really in any secondary or tertiary markets. Our strategy is to only be in kind of the primary.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Yes, but let's say Ohio, Christine.
Christine Day: One of our best store openings of the year.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Really?
Christine Day: Yes. So we're very strong demand there. Tennessee, Cleveland -- and because we operate on a little bit of a scarcity model, and we're going into the best real estate centers and real estate in those markets, there still really is a strong consumer demand at the tier of the market. If we were penetrating into BNT locations with a high density, I think we would, maybe potentially, be affected, but with our low store penetration, there's certainly enough guests in our income and demographic to support those stores.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: So are you saying that sales per square foot in those Tennessees and Clevelands are better than you've seen?
Christine Day: They are coming in. Those stores are opening at the U.S. average in sales per square foot.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: And the other question?
John Currie: The other question on inventory, I think you meant at the end of Q1 going into Q2?
Stacy Pak - Prudential: No. I wanted to know where -- because you said you're still going to still to be low in the first half, so I wanted to know at the end of Q2. You can answer end of Q1 too, but...
John Currie: I'm not sure I can answer either.
Christine Day: Yes. We've got a lot of chased product and additional incremental that's coming in. So it's definitely building.
Sheree Waterson: All the way through.
Christine Day: Yes. I don't have the exact numbers, so maybe we'll have to follow up with that one with you.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Okay. And then just the comp now. Could you comment on that?
John Currie: I will, because it's a tough one this year. February, we still had a reasonable short-term inventory position, so the demand continued until we were basically selling fumes. And so March, we've really had the shortness in inventory. And then we're hoping that April gets back to the trend that we were seeing back in February. So it started strong. March has been weak, understandably, and we're expecting some rebound when inventory comes in.
Operator: Our next question is from John Zolidis of Buckingham Group.
John Zolidis - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Two quick questions. One, can you quantify what you think the light inventory position is holding you back in terms of the comps? So i.e., you gave guidance for low double-digit. Would it be 20% if you had all the inventory that you wish you had? And then the second question is on the E-commerce profitability. You mentioned that SG&A growing faster than sales had somewhat to do with the shift to revenues in the E-commerce category. What's the op margin on E-commerce? Is that higher or lower than the store op margin?
John Currie: Boy, what would our comp be if we had inventory? That's a dangerous question to try to answer. But I think your suggestion of 20% would be realistic. Then again, I don't give monthly guidance, but that's what we were seeing in February. Regarding E-commerce, under the present platform, which is outsourced and therefore there's a variable fee based on revenue, that entire fee goes through SG&A, and there's no leverage on it. So as volumes increase, we get a big hit coming through SG&A. That will change with the transition in the middle of April. Overall, E-commerce is a stronger operating margin than the rest of the business by up to 10%.
Operator: Our next question is from Laura Champine of Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just a follow-on to the inventory availability question. So I'm going through your K and seeing you still have one manufacturer making luon, your top four makes 55% of the product. Is the issue all in forecasting, or are your suppliers not able to keep up with demand, and you need to develop new suppliers?
Christine Day: It's a little combination of both. When you don't forecast a really huge demand, you can't book the factory space. So a little bit of that was we're catching up and truing up on the forecasting. The other critical part is forecasting your fabric. On the luon, we're fine, and we actually now have brought on a second manufacturer of the luon. It's more the specialty fabrics like the Silverescent. We now have -- what is it, Sheree, 47 key fabrics instead of the original seven. So making sure we have enough fabric to bring it in. And then it's more, honestly, a short-term issue of the number of factories that shut down for what used to be a two-week -- and now, between the ramp-down and the ramp back up, you're seeing -- it almost would be a four-week impact. So it's a little bit of timing. We had a lot of product on the water and not in the air for the spring launch post-holiday. So even though we're air freighting some of the product in, it just takes a little bit longer to catch up. So we see this as a pretty short-term issue, not a longer-term, and not a manufacturing past issue. We've been on boarding new factories. They're just starting to come into play and increasing theirs. And certainly with -- the new person that we just hired is experienced. She's already brought a tremendous number of new factories that we've already begun production with.
Operator: Our next question is from Christian Buss of ThinkEquity.
Christian Buss - ThinkEquity LLC: I wanted to ask about headcount and your ability to accelerate investments. You guys have a pretty big cash cushion here. And can you talk a little bit more about how you think about deploying that capital at a faster rate?
John Currie: Yes. We're in the fortunate position of not really being constrained by capital. I think our constraint is just how many initiatives can a management team and the rest of our staff really handle effectively at any point in time? I don't know how best to answer that other than that.
Christine Day: But I think you will see us put effort on opening an increased number of stores over time, especially if we see them performing. And there, we always want to make sure we get it right with engagement in the local community and our people. And that's the first priority. And when we have a really great management team ready to go, you'll see us accelerating the stores.
Christian Buss - ThinkEquity LLC: Can you give us, as a follow-up, an update on some of the systems investments you have underway?
Christine Day: Obviously, the biggest one in the short term is this E-commerce transition, which -- the first phase of cold launch will happen on April 15. And then there's a phase of stabilization, and then we'll be adding new capability and technology, including our digital strategy, to that platform. Our next biggest focus is the end-to-end supply chain. We've been undergoing a business process project with KSA, which is not only identified current state but future state of our supply chain, and the end-to-end systems that we need to really manage and be best-in-class in supply chain. And so that will be a significant portion of our investment and time. We've been working on a PLM, which is a product life cycle management system. And so that will be one of the first priorities that go in, as well as the planning and forecasting and the allocation down to the stores. Systems are things that we're continually refining. When the original systems were put in place almost three years ago now, the vision of the company, prior to my arrival, was that it would be a North American-only retail company. We're obviously now multi-channel, multi-concept, multi-geography. So there will be increased investment in just even our core and basic financial systems to go into multi-currency. So that would be probably the next set, as well as things like business intelligence, data warehouse management, just the things that you need as you get to be a bigger company. And I forgot, we have our new HRS system going live in April. So our new HR system, which gives us complete online management. Up to now, we've basically had a payroll system, and now we will have a complete people management system effective April.
Operator: Our final question is from Rob Wilson of Tiburon Research.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Christine, you mentioned, I believe, at the ICR conference that you weren't going to try to increase prices. And we've all listened to a lot of conference calls over the last couple of months where, basically, every company says they're increasing prices. So I'm just curious, philosophically, how do I reconcile that?
Christine Day: I think we're obviously going to be smart about the decisions that we make. And if cotton continues to have poor crops, then it's a constant demand issue, we're obviously, in a longer-term situation, going to have to address what we think that is. Right now, what I want to be really careful of is that we don't build a culture of relying on pricing to solve issues. And obviously, when you have tremendous raw materials and labor costs, we're going to have to do something at some point. But right now, we still have a lot of room for efficiency, effectiveness. We have a lot small inefficiencies across the company. So keeping a discipline of working on those issues first, and then being smart in pricing, as Sheree said, to the value of the garment. And we also -- we do look at what happens in our competitors, and what are they pricing garments at, what qualities that they're pricing at, and we have a lot of people trying to come into this space. And the one thing that I'm very, very confident of is the quality of garment and construction design and value to the guest at the price we offer is exceptional. And by just continuing to take price increases, we leave a lot of room for competition. So we look at it from a very holistic perspective. And we also can distort the line, as I said earlier, by doing special edition hoodies, and, as Sheree said, increasing the value and construction of some garments. We will higher-price those, but keep our basic quality goods at a price that's very attractive.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay, fair enough. Then one last question. John, did you mention that the direct-to-customer channel had a higher operating margin than the retail channel?
John Currie: Yes, it does.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean, I hate to be nitpicky, but I'm looking at your 10-K and it says quite the opposite.
Christine Day: Because that was last year's.
John Currie: Well, no. Even that, I'm not sure how it's broken out. I mean, there's a very high gross margin, in part because, obviously, there's no occupancy and depreciation. Then down on SG&A. As I said, we have the key to the third-party provider, but we avoid store-based compensation, et cetera. So I think it's a matter of walking you through the details in the 10-K, and we can do that on a follow-up call.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Christine Day for any closing remarks.
Christine Day: Again, just thank you, everyone, for joining us for the quarter. And we're looking forward to a great 2011. So thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-12-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: 
 : Christine Day – CEO John Currie – CFO Sheree Waterson – EVP, General Merchandise Management and Supply Chain.
 : Christine Day – CEO John Currie – CFO Sheree Waterson – EVP, General Merchandise Management and Supply Chain.
Analysts: Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs Paul Alexander – Bank of America Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Liz Dunn - FBR Sharon Zackfia – William Blair John Morris – Bank of Montreal Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company Tracy Cogan – Nomura Holdings, Inc. Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus Laura Champine – Cowen and Company Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Q3 2010 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions following at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. And now I’d like to turn the call over to Joe Teklits with ICR. Please begin, Sir.
Joe Teklits: Hey. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us again for Lululemon Athletica’s conference call to discuss third quarter 2010 results. A copy of today’s press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company’s Web site at www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form 10-K with the SEC available on the commission’s Web site at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for 30 days as a replay shortly after the call in the Investor Relations section of the company’s Web site. Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s Chief Executive Officer, John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer and Sheree Waterson, EVP, General Merchandise Management and Supply Chain. Before we get started of course, we need to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from these projected and such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now, we'll turn the call over to Christine Day, company's CEO.
Christine Day: Good morning, everyone. Our business momentum continued as we reported another strong growth quarter with total sales increasing 56% and our same store sales improving by 29%. All age classes are comping positive led by our 2008 and 2009 stores. I am also very pleased with the quality of our growth and our disciplined approach to building a strong and sustainable business model as demonstrated by our healthy earnings flow through.  In Q3, we continued to focus on technical athletic products with yoga at our core and our success is evident in our latest results. Our floor technical products such as yoga pants and tops, including our new hot yoga line as well as our run line drove sales as well as our gross margin. This product carries higher merchandise margins when compared to categories like accessories and outerwear. We believe this product has benefited from innovation and diversified fabrics in our tank line and increased layers and technical features such as UV protection and reflectivity in our run line.  During the quarter, we increased the number of events and ambassadors at our stores and also our tenured store managers improved store level execution. Our ability to stay focused on our brand strategy has resonated with our guests and is driving brand awareness and sales. So again, we consider this to be a very high quality increase in store productivity that validates our business model.  Another big part of our third quarter success was our e-commerce business. E-commerce sales were up over 200% from the third quarter in 2009. We improved our inventory position to support sales in the back half of the third quarter, which allowed e-commerce to jump closer to a natural level for this early stage business. And since our site carries and sells a larger mix of technical product and has proportionately fewer markdowns than do our stores, e-commerce also added to our gross margin and operating margin in the quarter. We believe that we are just scratching the surface in e-commerce and that a level of 10% of sales is achievable in the short to medium term.  Our newer businesses, as Aviva and Avila also performed well. The Aviva brand has evolved since its launch one year ago. Sales have grown as we have begun to highlight general athletic wear with a focus on year round athletic activities such as gymnastics, dance and ice-skating as our target guest profile. We also have two pop up stores in place in Canada, which is our way of using grass roots marketing to determine and build demand for permanent stores.  In Australia, our sales momentum neared the strong trend in the U.S. through our heightened focus on community.  Turning to our North American retail stores our new class of stores had an outstanding quarter and we believe credit here should be given to our showroom strategy and our talented managers. We continue to plan for 20 to 25 North American Lululemon stores in 2011, in addition to two in Australia and two Eviva stores. We will continue our successful showroom strategy of all geographies and concepts.  We also made some key hires to support our growth. Kathryn Henry joined us as our CIO. And Margaret Wheeler, our new VP of Human Resources, completed her training and is leading our initiatives on compensation, development, recruiting and systems, to attract and retain an excellent management team.  We have added significant talent to our sourcing and production team and have a strong candidate in the pipeline for a GM role to support Sheree with merchandising and planning operations. We are strategically developing our bench strengths to support our future growth. As we look to 2011, we will continue to execute against our strong grand positioning. We will remain focused on our yoga and run lines to drive existing store sales. We will also expand our sales reach through our e-commerce channel with our planned transition to a new platform in the first quarter.  We will continue to invest in building the infrastructure to support growth and high performance through initiatives such as inventory sourcing systems, (inaudible), planning systems and a digital strategy to leverage our social media presence and Human Resource IT systems.  And finally, we will continue to build our road map to explore our International expansion as a future growth opportunity. We are exited about our current business trends, our brand positioning and the structural initiatives we have in place to drive future growth. With that, I will turn the call over to John to go through our financial results. John?
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our third quarter 2010 results, and then I’ll update you on our outlook for the fourth quarter and for fiscal 2010. Keep in mind as I discuss our results that the acquisition of the majority interest in our Australian licensee early in the second quarter now results in the full consolidation of Australian financial results, which has contributed to variances in operating results and balance sheet amounts compared to the prior year. So for the third quarter of fiscal 2010, total net revenue rose 55.7% to $175.8 million from $112.9 million in the third quarter of 2009. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 29% on a constant dollar basis, the addition of 13 net new corporate-owned stores in North America, since Q3 of 2009, which includes the Saskatoon franchise we acquired during the second quarter. A consolidation of Australian operation which includes three showrooms and 11 stores, of which three have opened since Q3 of 2009, the addition of 33 net new showrooms opened in the U.S. since Q3 of 2009, e-commerce sales which increased by $9.2 million, a warehouse sale that we held in Hamilton, Ontario in September and a stronger Canadian dollar which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $4.1 million or 2%. During the quarter, we opened three corporate-owned Lululemon stores in the U.S., and one store in Australia. We ended the quarter with 134 total stores versus 119 a year ago, 130 of which are corporate-owned, including the 11 in Australia and four U.S. franchise stores. There are now 101 stores in our comp base, 38 of which are in Canada, and 63 in the United States. Corporate-owned stores represented 81.5% of total revenue or $143.2 million versus 86.9% or $98.1 million in the third quarter of last year. Revenues from our direct-to-consumer channel which includes e-commerce and phone sales totaled $14 million or 7.9% of total revenue versus $4.6 million or 4.1% of total revenues in the third quarter of last year. Other revenue, which includes franchise, wholesale, showrooms, warehouse sales and outlets totaled $18.6 million or the remaining 10.6% of revenue for the third quarter. Gross profit for the third quarter was $96.8 million or 55.1% of net revenue compared to $56.3 million or 49.9% of net revenue in Q3 of 2009.  The factors which contributed to this 520 basis point increase in gross margin were a leverage on non-merchandised costs such as occupancy, depreciation, and product and supply chain team costs which contributed 340 basis points of improvement, and foreign exchange improvement of 120 basis points due to a stronger Canadian dollar and product margin improvement of 60 basis points, which was driven by a shift in product mix to our higher margin core technical product and outerwear delivery shifting partially into Q4. SG&A expenses were $54.5 million or 31% of net revenue compared to $35.4 million or 34.1% of net revenue for the same period last year. The 54% SG&A dollar increase is due to a number of factors including a natural increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms, outlets, and growth at existing locations, an increase in administrative cost and variable service provider fees associated with our e-commerce Web site, the consolidation of store SG&A and head office costs from our Australian operations, corporate headquarters relocation expenses associated with our move that we completed in October, higher management incentive-based compensation, options expense and other corporate head office costs as we reinvest in our support function and finally, the higher Canadian dollar, which increased reported SG&A by $1 million or 1.9%. Nonetheless, we were able to achieve a 40 basis-point reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue. This is better than our expectation when giving guidance for the quarter largely due to leverage gains through higher revenues.  Year-to-date our strong revenue growth has allowed us to execute our strategy of funding investment in future growth, while still producing SG&A leverage as a percentage of revenue. As a result, operating income for the third quarter was $42.4 million or 24.1% of net revenue compared to $20.9 million or 18.5% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense for the quarter was $16.5 million recorded at a rate of 38.9% versus 32.8% in 2009. Remember we increased our tax rate commencing the start of this fiscal year to take into account the additional deferred income tax liability for estimated future taxes attributable to undistributed earnings of the Canadian operating subsidiary. We continue to analyze the level of unremitted earnings and evaluate planning opportunities, which could reduce these future taxes.  Net income for the quarter was $25.7 million or $0.36 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $14.1 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2009. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $71.8 million versus $71.1 million a year ago. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, again this quarter we generated strong positive operating cash flow, and entered the third quarter with cash and cash equivalence totaling $224.8. We continue to have a healthy working capital position and no debt. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $73 million or 40% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2009. The increase is in line with our expected year-over-year increase in forward sales. Capital expenditures were $10.4 million in the third quarter resulting from new store build outs, existing store renovations, and IT capital expenditures. I'll now turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2010. This outlook assumes the Canadian dollar at $0.95 U.S., which is the same as the exchange rate in Q4 of 2009. For the third quarter, we anticipate net revenue to be in the range of $210 million to $215 million. We expect comparable store sales, percentage increase in the high teens on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. We've already opened four stores in the U.S. during this fourth quarter which brings our total to 12 in North America as planned.  We expect our operating margins to expand by approximately 100 basis points over last year's fourth quarter. This assumes an increase in gross margin versus the fourth quarter of 2009, driven by leverage on fixed costs such as occupancy and depreciation, partially offset by higher production costs.  We also expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be relatively flat compared to last year. We expect see capital expenditures to be between 30 and 31 million for fiscal 3010, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital. This is slightly higher than originally planned to reflect the capital expenditures of Australia, which are now consolidated in these results.  Assuming a tax rate of 40% and 72.2 million diluted shares average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48 per share. This brings our 2010 earnings per share in the range of $1.39 to $1.41 compared to $0.82 in fiscal 2009.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Christine.
Christine Day: Thank you, John. In closing, we want to wish you all a happy holiday season and thank our store managers and hard working design, merchandising, supply chain and SSE teams for their contributions to our successful quarter.  With that, we'll turn it over to questions. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. The line is open.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thanks. Hey, guys.  
Christine Day: Hi, Michelle. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us a little, maybe dig a little deeper into the new CIO and maybe give some specific examples of key processes that you think you can enhance with systems and also some kind of sense of the timing, Christine that you have in mind for some of these rollouts?
Christine Day: We put her to work right away. So really the first project that she's focusing on are really, are whole e-commerce transitions because she's really making sure that that platform is going to be ready to go for us, making sure that we work through any security business processes as well as profitable organizations. So she's really been tightening up our risk management, I guess all the professional systems that you need but really the other big project that we have underway is our PLM project, which is really critical to vendor management in the supply chain and really tracking everything from our fabric manufacturing forecasting base, final that together so that we can get even more efficient in our supply chain. And support Sheree with the information that she needs to continue to make great product decisions. So those are the first ones.  We're also working on; the next pieces will be business intelligence so that we're really just getting more accurate data across our organization as we grow. We can't do everything by spreadsheets anymore. So that's another key focus of hers will be on that and ultimately gearing up for the next level of our financial systems and then we also launch our HR IS system early next year as well so we have a lot of your basic infrastructure systems still being built.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks so much and good luck for holiday guys.
Christine Day: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Paul Alexander - Bank of America: Hi, guys. This is Paul Alexander for Lorraine. Christine, you spoke a little bit about looking forward to international growth. Can you give us an update on sales to customers in Europe whether it be online or in stores that have tourists or the Hong Kong showroom and are you doing anything proactive to drive brand awareness specifically in Europe and Asia?
Christine Day: We're not yet. We're really just focused on serving the customer's that come in to our e-commerce line which right now counts for about 6%, 7% of sales. Kind of split between, top markets are U.K., Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan are really kind of the top market for us. And so right now because our existing platform really doesn't facilitate very easy sales for those guests, with the new platform when we're ready to start handling orders in a way that I think will satisfy the guest and until we have that in place it doesn't do much good to us to simulate a bad guest experience in our minds so we'll wait until we have that platform in a little more robust form and then we'll work on local pages and currencies by targeted markets as we go forward with the e-commerce platform.  As far as showrooms, we are very pleased with the Hong Kong showroom performance. It tells us there's a lot of market demand in that market but we're not ready yet to take it to a full store rollout. And we really have just a very small presence in the U.K. with one primary wholesale account that we have there and we're just opening a few more wholesale accounts in that market. That's really about it right now. 
Paul Alexander - Bank of America: Great. Thanks and just a follow-up John, you had mentioned a little bit of costing pressure coming up and you alluded to it last quarter, can you give us an update on that, if there's any change in outlook there?
John Currie: Actually, our outlook is still pretty similar to what we talked about at the end of the Q2. For 2011, we see compression of our gross margin of about 150 basis points coming from various inflationary pressures, whether it's fabric pricing, labor in China, et cetera and that's still our outlook for next year. A little bit of that, we will start to see that in Q4, didn't impact us very much in Q3 of this year though.
Paul Alexander - Bank of America: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research. The line is open.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research:  I wondered John if you could talk a little bit about the parameters of the cost sales growth, for instance AUR trends, (inaudible) value and perhaps can (inaudible) to what happened in the e-commerce channel? 
John Currie: Okay. Well looking at the comps, again this quarter it was driven by traffic and conversion. With the limited counting that we have traffic was up in the low 20s, conversion was up below 10%. That's what's driving the comp. It was not driven by pricing. The average transaction is about the same as it's been recently. Units per transaction up just slightly. I think that's maybe because we're a little better stocked on accessories, which are adding to but not the overall. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, great and then at the end of the e-commerce, does it look about the same?
John Currie: The average transaction is slightly higher on e-commerce. In terms of product mix, we tend to sell more of our core technical product online. I think because on e-commerce people are discovering the brand and establishing their wardrobe as opposed to adding their wardrobe. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay and Christine, I was wondering about your expansion plans going forward and if those plans would include a new prototype or evolution of a store design, as we now know it?
Christine Day: I think we're always interested in changing our game. I think we've begun a planning team for what we call stores of the future. I mean we're really looking at future lines, will have and how many square feet to carry everything but that's so, just basically the beginning of a concept team so it's going to be a couple of years before you see us do anything as we work through everything from the supply chain because it's not just about a store design, it's about how do you evolve your business. And that takes a lot more time to plan so (inaudible) but we are working on a short-term fixturing and other things as we kind of incorporate new lines.  We've hired a very talented designer who works in house with us as well. And he's working on things like unique storefront. We do outsource the majority of the construction documents so we don't do that part of it but we definitely have increased our support for that future.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay and then as far as the sourcing question goes, I think John said 150 basis points gross margin pressure? Could there be any offset to that John for our comps being better than expected, or a percentage of something like that?
John Currie: Think about it as the unmitigated impact of inflation and yes we continue to see opportunities for efficiency improvements. I mean, not material enough to call it in the comments but we do have our new U.S. DC in place now, which is delivering some savings. So that's the maximum impact and of course leverage on occupancy and depreciation and other fixed costs, dependent on what our comp store sales are going to be next year, hopefully we'll largely offset that inflationary impact. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay and just my last question, Christine. Is there a new design of the Web site coming up? I think you talked about some changes just going on for the first quarter of '11? 
Christine Day: If you've been on it you've noticed that we did post a new skin and we did a (inaudible) testing on the existing site to make sure we survived the Oprah onslaught that we got with a lot of visitors. So we did some testing, put a new skin on there. You can see already that we have a lot of new photography on the site because we've taken that in-house so we can really control the quality. The models are more like our models and in terms of how we want to project the brand and the products shows up so much better. So we're really happy with either some short-term changes and then have more planned once we launch the new site. So we follow an, execute what you can well strategy, so we'll phase in some of the changes rather than try to go live with a big bang. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, great and lots of luck for a great holiday.
John Currie: Thank you.
Christine Day: Thank you, Janet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Liz Dunn of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. Your line is open.
Liz Dunn - FBR: Hi, good morning. I guess just one follow-up on the sourcing cost pressure as it relates to fourth quarter. Are you expecting and I apologize if I missed it, are you expecting gross margin to be down slightly in the fourth quarter and then just wanted some update on running, where do you think it can go as a percentage of your business and how are you, how are you doing with the new sort of cold weather running product? I have certainly a lot of friends that are purchasing it. 
John Currie: Let me take the gross margin question and then maybe Sheree can answer your other question. In fourth quarter because of the seasonality we expect the leverage unfixed cost to give us versus stronger gross margin than Q3 and sourcing cost pressures again, they're impacting some of the inventory buys now but because it's taking an inventory turn for those to really come through the 150 basis points that we're talking about for next year, it might be a third of that that impacts Q4. 
Liz Dunn - FBR: How far out are you bought, John? 
John Currie: We're now buying for the third quarter, right Sheree?
Sheree Waterson : We just finished summer buy second quarter and we'll be placing third quarter in December and January. 
Liz Dunn - FBR: Okay, great. 
Sheree Waterson : So to your running question, Liz. I think your friends are sort of describing what's happening with run overall. We're very happy welcome to the run penetration at 20%. What we currently have in stores has been very successful. The power of Cozy is winning so the running we want tops the EC has been extremely strong at retail because of their working capability and because they're so comfortable to wear. And that's both in men’s and in women’s and then the layering systems that our design team has created so there's a layer close to the body that's generally Silverescent so looking anti (inaudible) wear with a mid layer and also outerwear has proven to really satisfy our running guests needs. We also have running tights and son on and are running accessories to match for cold weather, caps, gloves, neck warmers, et cetera. and so the guest is really responding to have the whole layered look and that's for, it functions best that way and I think that our serious running customer is really responding very well. And the wool layer is fantastic if you haven't tried that yet, Liz.  
Liz Dunn - FBR:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair. The line is open.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Good morning. I have to say I'm calling from L.A. so I feel your pain at these early morning calls. Just a quick question. Growing SG&A at a very rapid clip this year and I know part of that is because you deferred a lot of SG&A expenditures last year to the infrastructure growth expenses. So I'm just curious as we go into 2011, kind of what's the more normal rate of growth in SG&A and are there still key investments that need to be made and key members of management that need to be added?
John Currie: I'd say we're closer to having caught up on the underfunded areas that were the result of cutbacks in 2008 and 2009. But with the additions in 2010, just the run rate the new members of the team will increase SG&A next year and beyond that as I said, we're into the more discretionary investments and expenditures, discretionary but necessary to continue to grow the platform for the future. And again we're just at the point of working on and finalizing our budget for next year so I don't want a too specific guidance for SG&A levels next year but that's what we're dealing with. We're trying to continue to leverage the business model but make the right investments to make sure that the growth continues. 
Christine Day: I think in terms of your questions on key members of the management team, we are just taking off a search for a head of e-commerce and we want to bring in somebody with some global experience in that position. We've done it to protect the brand and grow it from the brand base with our internal talent and with that move Deanne, who has been heading that has moved to head our global brand and we're very excited about that because she knows it. And we don't, as you know do marketing in the traditional way, so we need somebody who understands how to do that internally. And then we'll continue, we really feel like we've built a lot of our supply chain, came out this year but we do have a head of R&D coming in and a creative person in Sheree, so that we're continuing to really create the vision for the future and have innovation as a regular part.  As you get bigger and the process part takes up a lot of your management time, you need to make sure that you have those centered innovations for the future. So definitely a slow down in terms of any kind of key positions at the executive level but you will see IT investments because we don't have a lot of the robust systems yet for the level of growth that we see coming in the complexity of the business and so those will be the major investments.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes is from John Morris of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open, Sir. 
John Morris - Bank of Montreal : My congratulations as well. Let me get a quick clarification out of the way for John and then a question. Gross margin earlier you were talking about Q4 and I think you talked about it being up relative to Q3? On a year-over-year basis would you also anticipate as a clarification that it would be up year-over-year? 
John Currie: Yes. Sorry let me just clarify. Yes, up slightly over last year. I mean we're getting into precision that's beyond the guidance that I want to give. 
John Morris - Bank of Montreal : Yes, that's fine. 
John Currie,: The margin for Q3 was 100 basis points or so higher than last year. We'll be in that range for Q4.
John Morris - Bank of Montreal: Okay, that's good. Now and then Christine in terms of the nice growth that we're seeing in terms of new stores and the plan looking out into next year, can you tell us regionally, geographically where we might see those store openings next year? 
Christine Day: Well as you know we've got currently 48 showrooms out there right now and what we really do is watch them and we've got a very strong pipeline for next year, for the majority, like about 50% of over 605 of the deals are in the pipeline but we actually wait and vette them until the strongest of the showrooms. We then execute but you'll see about half of them will be from those new showrooms and about half will be in sale in existing markets. So kind of continuing with the strategy that you've seen us execute this year. 
John Morris - Bank of Montreal : Okay and the new Aviva stores, where are those opening?
Christine Day:  We are, let's see, Edmonton and Toronto. 
John Morris - Bank of Montreal : Okay, good and then finally John, just quick thoughts about your inventory growth plans for Q4? Where would we expect to see inventory finish out on per square foot basis?
John Currie: Okay and as I said on the last call coming into Q3 we were comfortable with our inventory levels of forward sales. I'd say the same thing coming into Q4. That would, this kind of relationship between inventory and forward sales we'd like to continue, of course it depends on whether we have outperformed. We could end up somewhat short but we're pretty happy with the inventory position coming into this quarter. 
John Morris - Bank of Montreal : That's great. Stores look great, guys. Thank you very much.
Christine Day: Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, Sir. Our next question is from Erika Maschmeyer of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird: Thanks and congratulations. On the gross margin front could you provide a bit more detail around the mix shift, your higher margin and core products, was that a conscious decision or are is this where you saw the greatest strength and then outerwear should be partially in Q4, kind of talk about your reasons for that and then also your performance for outerwear and I know you don't normally talk about weather but was there any impact from the weather during the quarter? Thanks.
John Currie: Okay. Yes, the mix shift, I wouldn't say it was deliberate but we like it not just because it was a shift towards our highest margin products but it was a shift towards our core technical products. The real foundation of the company and as I said earlier I think it reflects the fact that we're attracting new guests. The shift in outerwear again, not anything dramatic or deliberate. It's just the drop of our outerwear which is again, this year for a brief period of time, came a little bit later so some of it was Q3 and some of it will be Q4 and the outerwear being a higher price point, slightly lower gross margin. 
Christine Day: I would say that core is really where our guests were responding and just to echo what John was saying, our new guests that are adopting us particularly in the United States tend to love our core jackets and pants, like a groove pant, or designed jacket and so on and so forth and so it's just a natural mix shift, actually that's responding to demand and the great news is it's a very healthy shift for the business. 
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird:  Great and then can you talk a little bit about the new stores you have that are in smaller markets and secondary cities? Are you seeing a different type of maturity occur for those markets or any learning’s there? 
Christine Day: Well, I would just maybe call out our Nashville store opening which some people would consider, and second market probably one of our record store openings for the year. So having a showroom there, community response was fantastic. We just got a tremendous amount of loyalty in those smaller markets that make those stores for us very, very productive. 
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird: Great to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chi Lee of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody. John, I guess it sounds like you guys are maintaining most of the outlook on the cost inflation front. Are you still holding line in terms of keeping average until retails flat as you go into next year and at what point would you be willing to revisit that outlook?
Christine Day: Yes, we are. We're holding our retail strategies constant. We, our strategy is to maintain optimal value to our guests so that's what we're executing right now.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Got it and then John, can you quantify for us what the actual savings impact was in the third quarter from the new distribution center?
John Currie: It was about 30 basis points and the gross margin or somewhere around $600,000. 
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: And was that just the result of eliminating depletive costs or was that inclusive of efficiency gains as well?
John Currie: Again, we're moving from a third party, DC so we're comparing a per item per touch, the arrangement to our own operation. 
Christine Day: Last quarter we did have some overrun costs. We had costs but in the last quarter but this quarter would have been straight savings. 
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Straight savings. Great and then my last question just on the Australian stores, how are you guys now thinking about the productivity curve via Australia stores, can we start to see them narrow onto what we're seeing in the U.S. currently?
Christine Day: There is, typically about because it's an earlier stage market growth story, they're very much following the same curve as we saw in the U.S. market and we've really focused this last year on addressing the counter seasonal issue, improving their seasonal color and assortment and related fabric and that's really give them the ability to drive sales and once they've gotten to a certain level of sales they've also now focused much more on their community initiatives which are also really driving that so it's a great market, it' a very athletic women's market and we just had a recent visit there and very, very pleased with our operation there. 
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Perfect. Great. Thank you very much.  
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez of Nomura. Your line is open. Pardon me, Sir. Please check your mute button? We'll move to the next question. Our next question is from Taposh Bari of Jefferies. Your line is open, Sir.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company: Hi, good morning. Just a question on your international expansion strategy. Maybe if you could share your thoughts, and it's probably a little preliminary but what your preferred method of distribution would be, whether it would be similar to something you're doing here in North America, Australia in terms of owned operated retail stores? Would you consider maybe a franchise model or maybe possibly a wholesale method of distribution? Thanks. 
Christine Day: Definitely roll out wholesale. I think that each market has particular circumstances where you use a different model and our preference would be to be at least in a majority ownership, operator role in key market and then there are other markets where I would prefer to have a licensed relationship with the right partner. That's the due diligence that we're working on now in terms of prioritizing markets, looking to the underlying business models but you know we haven't made the decision to go yet, but the decision that our board will make after we give them our roadmap and strategy. And the reality is we still have tremendous growth in the U.S. to focus on and that delivers the most short-term value to the shareholders so we want to make sure we protect and execute that in our e-commerce strategy first before we get distracted by the complexity of managing international. 
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company: And then just a follow-up on the running piece of the business, I don't know if you already mentioned it and if you did I apologize but can you just remind us what running was as a percentage of the total assortment in the third quarter of this year versus last and do you see that changing going forward as we head into 2011?
Sheree Waterson : Last year was when we were, hi, this is Sheree. Last year was when we rolled out to all stores so we have been maintaining it at about 20% and the guests are responding in a very healthy way. Right now we're happy with that mix because yoga is still the core of our business and at any rate we're going to hold steady for the time being.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez of Nomura. Your line is open. 
Christine Day: Hello? 
Operator: Pardon me, Sir. Please check your mute button. We can hear you now.
Tracy Cogan - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: So this is Tracy Cogan filling in for Paul. I had two questions. The first is just looking at your fourth quarter guidance, it seems like you're looking for a spread of 15 points between total sales growth and comp growth and I'm wondering what the driver is behind that being so much lower than the 27 point spread in 3Q? And then my second question is just wondering how sales trended through the quarter and maybe if you could quantify the Oprah impact? Thanks.
John Currie: Okay, on your first question and again, I haven’t done the math to check my answer but of course e-commerce is a growing impact on the non-store part of our sales increase. Australia is now in there where it wasn't last year. Those are the big things that would, my answer without having a chance to think more about your question.  
Tracy Cogan - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: I  guess I'm thinking why would it be lower than the spread and so much lower than the spread in 3Q unless maybe the growth in either of those categories is expected to be lower maybe?
John Currie: I'm not sure on that.
Tracy Cogan - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Okay. I'll follow-up and you send then on the sales trend through the quarter in Oprah?
Christine Day: Very little Oprah direct, you saw a little bit of a bump in our e-commerce channel during that week but we already had a pretty strong ramp so I think it was hard to track the individual. We certainly did sell more of the relaxed fit pants during that week but we also saw sales of all pants go up so I think it had a halo effect. But we also then had an equally strong week the next week so I think it's just part of the overall holiday ramp. We of course only knew a few weeks in advance that we would be selected so we weren't able to certainly bring in any big product and she typically doesn’t' like it if you promote off of that which we didn't do and really honored the relationship we have with her which is important. So it was nice but the reality was it was a very smooth growing sales ramp so healthy, profitable quarter.
John Currie: And in terms of comparison to last year, we were expecting month to month within the quarter to be, we were lapping more challenging comps because last year Q3 the sales ramped up each quarter. What we found in the end though was that our comp was fairly level throughout the quarter. 
Tracy Cogan - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Great, thanks a lot and good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Oh, thanks. Maybe just a question for men's. What percentage is the men's business now and are you happy with the penetration or is there opportunity to increase men into the brand? 
Sheree Waterson:  Hi, this is Sheree. Men's is about, between 10 and 12% of the business. Men's is ramping at a slightly higher rate than women's currently but is on much lower base and some of that is due to our Canadian guests as opting at a more rapid rate than they have in the past. The mix, typically the technical mix in Men's has improved considerably and will continue to improve going forward and we'll base our judgment on our performance going forward. I would have to say though that men's is, men's although there is opportunity we are primarily a retailer to women at this point in time and we can look at other opportunities for the future for that gender.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : Okay. Thanks.  
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open, Sir.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much and just some follow on to the e-commerce business and the rapid growth. If you could talk about some of the logistics behind it, inventory business are you working with a single pool of inventory or is it with distribution centers in Canada and the U.S. and the product offerings, do they duplicate what's in stores or is there an opportunity to test and have new product on line in small quantities? How do you see the Internet business developing for you?
John Currie: Maybe I can start with the logistics question. Currently we're working with a fully out service model although we do keep the inventory and do our own distribution out of our Canadian EC for the Canadian market. In the U.S. it's a separate inventory held in the third party DC so it's as a result, more so in Q2 than Q3 you saw stock outs on line because we really couldn't shift inventory between channels very easily. That will be addressed as we shift to more of an in-house, e-commerce model, which as Christine mentioned we'll be doing in Q1 of next year and so the inventory for e-commerce, although we'll buy for it separately it will be held within the same EC as our inventory for store fulfillments so transfer between channels will become easier.
Christine Day: Regarding the product onsite it is all of the core product and it does receive all of the seasonal products as well. The buys are separate so it goes through it at a different rate than we see in the stores. There is a small and if (inaudible) mix shift a little more core product on that channel than we see in the overall stores which we feel very good. And we do some, occasionally some special things on the e-commerce site for that guest. We did a unique hoodie for them that went really well and then we do carry some shoulder items a little bit longer, are available on those after we pull them out of the stores. Some of the outerwear garments would be an example of that so there's minor differences but from time to time but the reality is it's probably about 98% of the core stock. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: Morning, you mentioned that your e-commerce business is a focus for your new CIO. What rate of revenues does that business need to achieve to be as profitable as your store channel?
John Currie: Well, it's already there. 
Christine Day: So it's a very, as we said earlier in my comments, a very strong contributor to gross margin and operating margin for the business.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: And then John, you mentioned that your two-year comp kept accelerating in the quarter. Obviously you just beat guidance and gave revenue guidance, the guidance for Q4 that was ahead of our expectations. Anything more specific you can give us on what's driving that very strong, you're looking at 42% two year comp? I don't have any other companies doing that? What are the key drivers there?
John Currie: I think it's really goes beyond what's happening in the macro economy. I think it's driven by more and more guests discovering the brand. It's driven by great products that keep getting better and it's very difficult to predict. 
Christine Day: I think the number one thing I'd say is it a great product but it's also the great guest experience that happens in our stores. You know the community outreach that our managers do, our educators, they're so involved. And I think if you go into our stores you really experience a different experience as a guest and very friendly, happy, animated educators teaching you about the products and creating a great guest experience. And people are looking for that and I think that's another big part of what's driving our business.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. Your line is open.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Good morning. Let me add my congratulations. I have a few questions. I wondered if you could talk about the incredible (inaudible) line. What kind of start has it gotten off to? Are you keeping the line tight or will you be expanding it to different silhouettes? And I wondered what kind of price elasticity you have since it's higher priced? That's my first question.
Christine Day: Sheree's favorite topic. We don't have enough time to talk about it as much as I'd love to but anyway Silverescent is, Silverescent is a fantastic fabric for us. I fabric for us really understands the value of it and we are developing extensions of that line. Some of which you are seeing in the store right now so if you go over to our Lincoln Square store, in the front on the left you can see we have a new Silverescent line, jackets, pants, tank tops, et cetera, which are unbelievable performance garments and so we definitely see the possibilities there for Silverescent and other extensions to follow which we'll be able to announce in the future. But the price elasticity there, depending on what fabric it is, it obviously carries a premium. And so it's a very special yarn. Its yarn that is produced by a manufacturer that does hospital grade items highest and so it's of the very highest quality, which is why it's so difficult to find it. We're the only people that actually carry this yarn.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Oh. Okay. It is a fantastic line and then I wondered if you could just speak to your limited edition product and special edition product? Are you happy with that? Will you be doing more of that throughout the year? Just any comments.
Christine Day: Sure, every year at this time we do special edition products. Our guests absolutely look forward to it and it also carries a premium in price because there's a very special design that goes into it and it's a very, very successful part of our line.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Will you be doing more throughout the year or is just going to be holiday?
Christine Day: We will in our hoodie’s for sure and there's other core items that we're going to be doing special edition on. One of them was in the store if you could have gotten it in time which would have been, we have a cool razor back tank with ruffles on the back and it has been superb and really the fine jacket with ruffles and they, and one of our other jackets which also has been pretty unbelievable and has pretty much sold out.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Okay, fantastic. I think that's it for my questions. Good luck.
Christine Day: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We have no further time for questions. I would like to turn the call over to Management for any closing remarks.
Christine Day: I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and again to thank everyone who contributed to our success for the quarter and wish you all a happy holiday season. Thank you. Happy Holidays.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-06-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa McKay – Investor Relations Christine Day – President and CEO John Currie – Chief Financial Officer Sheree Waterson – EVP, General Merchandise and Production Manager Delaney Schweitzer – EVP of Stores Deanne Schweitzer – Head, Strategy and E-Commerce
Analysts: Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs Paul Alexander – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Tracy Kogan – Credit Suisse Edward Yruma – KeyBanc Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners John Morris – BMO Capital Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets Taposh Bar – Jefferies Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates Kristine Koerber – JMP Securities Laura Champine – Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lululemon Athletica First Quarter 2010 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today, Ms. [Melissa McKay]. Ma’am, please go ahead.
Melissa McKay: Good morning. Thank you for joining Lululemon Athletica’s conference call to discuss first quarter 2010 results. A copy of today’s press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or furnished on Form 8-K with SEC available on the commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you the company’s Safe Harbor language. Statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from these projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Christine Day, Lululemon Athletica’s Chief Executive Officer.
Christine Day: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results. With me today are John Currie, our CFO; Sheree Waterson, our EVP, General Merchandise and Production Manager; Delaney Schweitzer, our EVP of Stores; and Deanne Schweitzer, Head of Strategy and E-Commerce. Following my opening remarks, I’ll turn the call over to John, who will go through the financial details of the quarter. We are very pleased with our first quarter results, as our momentum from the fourth quarter continued into 2010. Our comparable store sales were 35% for the quarter on a constant dollar basis and we delivered $0.27 in diluted earnings per share. This was our company’s best ever first quarter, as we were able to generate very strong same store sales growth in both the U.S. and Canada. In the first quarter, we saw our trailing 12-month average sales per square foot reach $1,428, an improvement from last quarter’s $1,318. All age classes are comping positively with our 2008 U.S. age class leading the way. We also added incremental profits from our e-commerce business, leveraged our strategic investments in infrastructure and managed our inventory and our margins for a strong flow-through of earnings. We believe we took the right amount of inventory risk to drive sales and used our rapid response strategies to respond to incremental sales opportunities. Our inventory levels now match sales trends with opportunities to continue to refine channel allocation to e-commerce and to chase smaller sizes to meet market demand. Our yoga and run lines continue to lead sales demand as well as strong growth in equipment and accessories. As discussed previously, we work toward a target profile of at least 50% gross margin and 20% operating margin, and as you can see we have achieved these targets in the first quarter. As a growth company, we will continue to make strategic investments to protect our iconic items such as the Hoodie, while scaling our infrastructure and people capacity as part of managing our brand and business model. As you have seen in the past quarters, we have made these investments while keeping the overall business model at a relatively stable level, near or long-term targets. As we strategically manage our brand and business for the long-term, from quarter-to-quarter there will be incremental flow-through or occasionally contractions in gross margin or operating margin. The flow-through this quarter was very strong due to a combination of market factors, such as strong demand for our product, leverage on sourcing, limited markdowns and timing of investments towards the back half of the year, as well as, leverage on stronger sales. Looking forward, we do see some sourcing pressure from materials and labor costs and reductions in out of stock. Turning to revenue growth, our first priority remains growing existing stores. Our second is e-commerce and our third is new store openings. We have opened four stores in the first quarter in North America. We have also opened 14 showrooms in Q1 and will open 30 more between Q2 and Q3 for 44 new showrooms being added this year to the 14 existing at the end of 2009. We have closed one in St. Louis, upon the opening of our new store in the same market. We continue to be very excited about our e-commerce opportunity. Our direct-to-consumer business is now 6.6% of our revenue and a key growth vehicle for the company. We are investing an additional site performance and online community web strategies in the second half of the year, as well as, additions to our merchant and planning team to ensure better inventory flow to this channel. We are on track to achieve our stated objective of 10% to 12% of sales. Our new distribution center in Sumner, Washington, is up and running in parallel and will begin deliveries to our U.S. stores next week. It will support all of our channels of business in the U.S., retail, e-commerce and strategic sales. As announced in earlier press release, we are now the majority shareholder in our Australian business. While this is not material to earnings, it is a great opportunity to test our ability to grow and support a strategic international expansion as one of our longer term growth opportunities. We are very fortunate to have David Lawn, the former CEO of Rip Curl as our CEO in the market. He and his team have done a great job building our brand in this key athletic market. So while it was a great quarter, we were not perfect. Going forward, we can do an even better job flowing product to a multi-channel business especially our e-commerce channel. We also delayed showroom openings to divert product to our retail stores and to secure the right locations. And while we have made strong progress in our system and people capacity, we are still at the early stages of building the infrastructure for a multi-channel business that is responsive and nimble as we need to be to outperform in today’s macro-environment. So it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to John to go through the details of our financial results and give you our outlook for the second quarter. John?
John Currie: Thanks, Christine. I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our first quarter 2010 results and then I’ll update you on our outlook for the second quarter and the full fiscal year 2010. For the first quarter of fiscal 2010, total net revenue rose 69.3% to $138.3 million from $81.7 million in the first quarter of 2009. The increase in revenue is driven by comparable store sales growth of 35% on a constant dollar basis, boosted in particular by strong momentum in our 2008 age class of U.S. stores. The addition of 11 new corporate-owned stores and three franchise stores in Australia since Q1 of 2009, e-commerce sales which increased revenues by $8.1 million and a stronger Canadian dollar which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $13.5 million or 11%. During the quarter we opened four corporate-owned Lululemon stores. We ended the quarter with 128 total stores versus 114 a year ago, 114 of which are corporate-owned and 14 which are franchises, including the nine in Australia. There are now 97 stores in our comp base, 38 of those in Canada and 59 in the United States. Corporate-owned stores represented 83.6% of total revenue or $115.6 million versus 89.3% or $72.9 million in the first quarter of last year. Revenues from the direct-to-consumer channel, which includes e-commerce and phone sales totaled $9.1 million or 6.6% of total revenue versus $0.9 million or 1.1% of total revenues in the first quarter of last year. Other revenue which now includes franchise as well as wholesale, showrooms and outlets, totaled $13.6 million or the remaining 9.8% of revenue for the first quarter. Gross profit for the first quarter was $74.4 million or 53.8% of net revenue, compared with $35 million or 42.9% of net revenue in Q1 of 2009. The perfect storm of factors contributing to this 1,090 basis point increase in gross margin included the following. Merchandise margin improvement of 480 basis points, which was driven by improved product costing on our spring merchandise and strong sell-through, which resulted in very low markdowns, leverage on non-merchandise costs such as occupancy, depreciation and product and supply chain team costs contributed 410 basis points of improvement, and foreign exchange improvement of 200 basis points due to a stronger Canadian dollar. SG&A expenses were $41.9 million or 30.3% of net revenue, compared with $25.2 million or 30.8% of net revenue for the same period last year. The SG&A dollar increase is due to a natural increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, showrooms, outlets and growth at existing locations, an increase in administrative costs and service provider fees associated with our e-commerce website, higher legal fees associated with employment matters and legal settlement costs, an increase in professional fees and other corporate head office costs as we reinvest into our support functions in response to the increase in demand, higher management incentive based compensation and finally, a strengthening Canadian dollar, which increased our reported SG&A by $3.5 million. Nonetheless, we were able to achieve a 50 basis point reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue, contrary to our expectation when giving guidance for the quarter that we would see SG&A deleverage as a percent of revenue against Q1 2009. This was largely due to leverage gained through improved store productivity, delay in timing of new showroom pre-opening costs and some delay in new hires in support functions at the store support center. As a result, operating income for the first quarter was $32.5 million or 23.5% of net revenue, compared with $9.9 million or 12.1% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense for the quarter was $13 million, recorded at a rate of 40% versus 34.4% in 2009 and our previously expected tax rate of approximately 35%. Our strong operating performance has resulted in the continued accumulation of significant undistributed earnings in our Canadian operating subsidiary. Accounting rules require an additional tax expense to be accrued to reflect the future tax which may be incurred if and when excess funds are repatriated to the parent company by way of dividends. As we discussed on our last call, we’ve been reviewing our tax rate assumptions in light of this potential additional future tax. While we are comfortable with the taxes accrued on our accumulated Canadian earnings through fiscal 2009 and we continue to investigate planning opportunities, which could reduce or eliminate this additional tax on future earnings as well, we’ve decided to take a conservative stand and increase our tax rate to 40% for 2010 commencing in Q1 to account for this potential future tax. Net income for the quarter reflecting this higher tax rate was $19.6 million or $0.27 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $6.5 million or $0.09 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2009. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $71.6 million versus $70.3 million a year ago. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, again this quarter we generated strong positive cash flow and ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling $173.6 million. We continue to have a healthy working capital position and no debt. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $50.8 million, which was $6.1 million or 13.7% higher than at the end of the first quarter in 2009. This inventory level is more in line with our expected sales productivity and should support our planned growth in the second quarter with less reliance on our rapid replenishment strategies. Capital expenditures were $5.9 million in the quarter, resulting from new store build-outs, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. Now I’ll turn to our outlook for the second quarter. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.95 U.S., compared to an average exchange rate of $0.88 in Q2 of 2009. Also as previously announced, the acquisition of a majority interest in our Australian licensees will result in the full consolidation of the Australia results in our financial statements commencing from the May 12, 2010 date of acquisition. On acquisition, we operated nine stores and four showrooms in Australia and the operation is expected to be slightly profitable in 2010, although not material to our overall results. The second quarter, we anticipate net revenue to be in the range of $140 to $145 million. We expect comparable store sales percentage increase in the mid 20s on a constant dollar basis compared to the second quarter of 2009. After opening four stores in the first quarter, we expect to open one in North America in the second quarter, that being The Grove at Shrewsbury in New Jersey. In addition, we already opened one additional store in Australia in the second quarter. We expect gross margin as a percentage of sales to improve over Q2 2009, as we continue to benefit from leverage of strong sales productivity, as well as, improved product costing and favorable impact from currency. However, overall we expect some gross margin compression compared to Q1 2010 with the key differences being the anticipation of a return to more normalized markdown rates in the second quarter, as we have successfully increased our inventory levels to be more able to satisfy expected guest demand, a seasonal shift in the latter part of the quarter towards the lower margin fall product assortment and investment to add depth and additional talent to the product themes in the second quarter. Turning to SG&A, even with our expected strong revenue for the quarter, second quarter SG&A as a percentage of sales is expected to deleverage against 2009 second quarter due to a number of factors. Incremental showroom operating costs and pre-opening costs incurred approximately 30 showrooms that we anticipate opening in the second and third quarters, administrative costs and service provider fees associated with our e-commerce channel, the inclusion of Australian head office costs and a stronger Canadian dollar which will increase reported SG&A costs both at Canadian stores and at our store support center in Vancouver. Assuming our adjusted tax rate of 40% as discussed earlier and 72.1 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding, we expect earnings per share in the second quarter to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.23 per share. So looking now at our outlook for the full fiscal 2010, we currently have 12 new stores confirmed in North America with the possibility of up to 15. In addition, we expect three new stores in Australia this year, including the one which already opened in Q2. Our outlook assumes that comps in the second half of the year will begin to moderate as we lag the stronger results we experienced as 2009 progressed and for the year we expect our overall comp to increase in the mid-teens. We now expect net revenue for the year to be in the range of $620 million to $635 million. For gross margin, we expect margin compression compared to Q1. For the full year, productivity leverage and efficiency in distribution and logistics will be partially offset by higher markdowns as we have returned to more balanced inventory levels, further investment in the product teams that support growth and execution, and in the latter part of the year, higher product costs due to inflationary pressures on fabric, labor and transportation. For SG&A, we expect some deleverage during the back half of 2010, as we will partially reinvest the strong operating profit flow-through from the first half to build our platform to support our long-term growth trajectory. SG&A for the year will also be impacted by the factors mentioned with respect to Q2, including showroom openings, e-commerce service provider fees and Australia G&A costs. We will also incur some one-time costs associated with our plan to move in Q3 to a consolidated premises to held our head office or our store support center, which is presently split between two locations in Vancouver. For those of you who have visited our modest premises here, you’ll be pleased to hear that our new location will be equally modest. However, we expect to incur approximately $1.4 million in moving costs, write-off of improvements at our existing space and a double up of rent during a short period of overlap. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be between $27 and $30 million for fiscal 2010, reflecting new store build-outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT and other head office capital. Overall we expect 2010 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.05 to $1.10, which now assumes the 40% tax rate versus our previous guidance that had incorporated a 35% tax rate. This is also based on 72.2 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. With that, I’ll turn it back to Christine.
Christine Day: I’d just like to add that we’re very pleased with these results and we couldn’t have this be possible for the organization without the extreme dedication that we see every day on our frontlines from all of our educators, our store managers and the passionate people we have at the support center. And with that, we’re going to open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Hey, Christine, I was wondering if you could give us any early learning’s from the showrooms. I know, it’s really recent as far as the timing but any kind of clues as to the brand’s level of resonance across different markets and any markets that you’re particularly excited about out of the gate with some of these openings? And then John, a quick question on the tax rate. Should we be thinking about 40% of the ongoing rate beyond 2010 as well? Thanks.
John Currie: Let me just take that one quickly. Yeah, you should be modeling 40% going forward.
Christine Day: I think on the showroom strategy, we’re very excited. Both in the openings that we saw this year, which have been very strong openings for the stores which tells us we’re very much on track with that strategy and overall the whole portfolio is exceeding our expectations in terms of sales, particularly on the community side. There are a few we’re learning but we’re testing three different models, stimulating existing growth in markets, testing new markets. So you have a little bit of varied performance based on the different models for showrooms but overall, we are very pleased that it’s such a safe way for us to test market opportunities, test our managers and make sure that we’re really ready when we open that store. So it’s exactly on strategy and producing those results.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Paul Alexander – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you. This is Paul Alexander for Lorraine. Could you guys give us a little more color on what you’re seeing for product costing? We heard about cotton prices increasing. How much of your product is cotton and what’s happening with prices for synthetic fabrics and what are you seeing with our cut made cost and labor and such?
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree Waterson. We are seeing an increase in cotton pricing. We’re seeing an increase in nylon and there’s also Chinese labor which has gone up a bit. There have been, prior to these mitigation strategies that we’ve been employing to really minimize the impact on the margins there. So everything from further leveraging and smart planning of our raw materials to actually diversification of our supply base, so that we are manufacturing in some lower cost countries at this point.
Paul Alexander – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Sheree Waterson: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse.
Tracy Kogan – Credit Suisse:  Thanks. It’s Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I have question on your e-commerce business. I was wondering how the performance of the business has been different in different geographies and do you find it’s performing best in areas where you have a store or you just opened a showroom or where you don’t have a store? And has it helped you determine future locations for stores? Thanks.
Deanne Schweitzer: This is Deanne. And basically, yeah, to all of the above. So we do see our sales populated definitely around our brick and mortar. And when we open up a showroom, again we see our sales pop up in that area. So our brick and mortar and e-commerce are working together exactly how we expected.
Tracy Kogan – Credit Suisse: Isn’t it helping you in locating future stores?
Deanne Schweitzer: Yeah. Definitely, so -- yeah, definitely. We watch it every week and in -- what am I going to say, piece of the pie, along with the showrooms. So they are both giving us an indication as to where we should head with our real estate strategies.
Tracy Kogan – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. And you guys also mentioned you’re testing three different showroom models. Could you give a little more information there?
Deanne Schweitzer: So we see longer term brand-new markets where we might be open for a couple of years, so that would be part of our new market entry strategy. Then looking at extensions, specifically we’re going to put an additional store in a market. And then some are in those hip little urban communities that we might not target opening a store but they’re really critical to the brand strategy for attracting that target guest and increasing our reach in a market area.
Tracy Kogan – Credit Suisse:  Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of KeyBanc.
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Thanks very much and congratulations on a nice quarter.
Christine Day: Thanks, Ed.
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Can you talk a little bit about -- you indicated that inventory was -- you’re more comfortable with our current in stock levels. At this point going forward, should we expect inventory to increase at the same rate of sales and then secondarily in terms of the gross margin impact from not doing -- not chasing inventory, what kind of lift does that give you? Thank you.
John Currie: I think answering the first question, as I said, we’re comfortable with our inventory level at the end of Q1, being -- closer to being in line with our expected sales for Q2. So the answer to your question is yeah. Increases in sales would match increases in revenue or in inventory ideally going forward. In terms of gross margin, you’re right. Being more in stock does mean that we’re more likely to have more markdowns, as I said. There is a partial offset because we won’t be employing chase strategies to the same extent. It will be too granular to give you precise guidance on that but I would say the markdown impact is greater than the savings from not chasing. So net-net, there’s some deleverage on gross margin.
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi. Good morning. Let me add my congratulations. My question related to the new distribution center. You mentioned, I believe it was supposed to open at some point in May. You mentioned that some of the employee costs were delayed. Can you just give us an update on that?
Christine Day: It actually has been running in parallel and officially starts shipping to all of the stores on this coming Monday. So it’s up and running and I think we’re through the double costing of having the outsource plus the -- getting ready for the new. So we’ll be turning that over next week, winding down our existing partnership and be ready to go for the rest of the year. We are very excited about having that up and running.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then just one follow-up question on inventory. Having the online business, is it giving you any better visibility as to where you need to be in terms of stock-outs because I would imagine you get better data as to where you’re not in stock?
Christine Day: Yeah. What we found is it, there is a difference between what guests buy online and what they buy in the stores. And I think there’s a combination of factors in there. We have guests that shop both and then we do see some of what they’re really looking for and we do see what the hot items are. Actually, we learn more about that on Facebook and through social media, what are the guests really screaming for. And so we actually use that I think to get a little bit more indication. As we talked about and I think it was in the last call, what we’ve really seen by the addition of the run line is it’s really shifted our guest size profile down to the smaller sizes because we’re attracting a more athletic fit guest, which is perfectly in line with our target and we’ve now adjusted a lot of our buys. And in terms of allocating to the stores, you can have an aggregate number right or even to e-commerce but be wrong between the two markets of Canada and U.S. on product or allocating source to many of our buys are fully allocated so the work that Sheree and her team are doing is much more sophisticated getting right size profiles at right stores and that’s -- even if we have the right product in the warehouse in the original buy, it’s getting it down to the stores at the right mix. And that’s really been our focus and what will continue to be our focus through, I’m sure on the rest of this year and into next year.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Christine Day: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Morris of BMO Capital.
John Morris – BMO Capital: Thanks. Hey, my congratulations too on a great quarter. Let me throw a couple questions at you. John, I think in your prepared remarks, maybe it was kind of a small point. I think you had mentioned when you were discussing the SG&A comments there was a delay -- part of what was going on in SG&A was there was a delay in spending related to showroom and I think related to some of the other expenses, so maybe if you can elaborate on that. I don’t know if it was that meaningful, kind of where that delay was coming from and why? And then in terms of the new distribution center for you guys, I would imagine that would probably help in terms of speed, speed to market. Do you have any idea yet about how many days you might be cutting out of the delivery time? And how much it would help your freight expense and thoughts directionally in terms of putting you guys in a better position to be in stock in the stores? And then any quick update on ivivva would be great? Thanks.
Christine Day: Maybe I -- want me to do the first one on showrooms?
John Morris – BMO Capital: Sure.
Christine Day: We made the decision as we saw we were pretty light on product. And we really wanted to take our time with locations to delay some of those showroom openings. But then we already had hired some of the managers and kept them in training. So we did see some of that expense flow through but the actual cost of opening the showroom, the rent commencement, some of those did delay and that will change going forward in the second quarter.
John Currie:  And other delay in SG&A spend, we’re not talking about large amounts but we’re just -- you know, we always budget for new hires at the start of the year. And it sometimes takes a bit longer to add those key positions. It’s not that material though.
Sheree Waterson:  Want me to answer the DC? Hi, this is Sheree Waterson. You’re absolutely right. We tend to be more efficient when we fully own our distribution center. [Rich Cashin] and his team are world class and efficiency experts. But to be honest, they will cut off a day or so in their shipping across the country and so forth. But the primary factor in speed is really flow from the marketplace or flow from our manufacturers. So that is something that we continue to improve. We flow core product several times a month. And we flow obviously our initial allocations several times as well. So we’ve made the improvements there and Rich has made improvements but the primary factor for speed to market is really ex-manufacture.
John Morris – BMO Capital:  And is that going to help you guys with your in-stock positioning, I would imagine quite a bit.
Sheree Waterson: It will.
John Morris – BMO Capital: Do you have any tracking?
Sheree Waterson: Yeah. That plus some of the other initiatives that we’ve talked about on other calls, like we actually stock cut and sewn goods in Asia about six weeks worth in certain categories. And we also take a position in raw materials both here in Canada and in Asia, so that we can [quick turn].
John Morris – BMO Capital:  And John, do you have any kind of quantification about how much it would help your freight costs?
John Currie: I think, it would be premature to try to predict that but we’ll know more next quarter after we’ve been operating for a few weeks.
Christine Day: I think it’s more going to be -- the short-term will be on the operating efficiency of the DC in cost per unit on out the door and less on the freight itself because we’re still using an outsourced carrier to get to the store. So it’s really the time from the boat to the store in the distribution process, not in the shipping to the store process and then efficiency of labor costs in the DC.
John Morris – BMO Capital:  Okay. Great. And update on ivivva?
Christine Day: Yep. Deanne, why don’t you…
Deanne Schweitzer: Deanne, here again. So we’re really -- we’re happy with our increased brand awareness of the brand. I believe we’ve mentioned before, we have opportunity to right-size this brand so as much as -- sorry, the apparel, the clothes themselves. So as much as we are seeing an increase in brand awareness and traffic to the stores, we will stifle our sales ever so slightly until August when we have the right size in the store throughout the whole line. We are continuing to look at opportunities to open up our locations in 2010. But we don’t have anything signed yet. So that’s where we’re at with ivivva but still continued very positive and happy with today’s results.
John Morris – BMO Capital:  Hey, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Hi, everybody and congratulations. I had a couple of questions for Christine. I was wondering if the acquisition of the Australian business and I think of a top management team will provide a platform for further international growth and if there’s e-commerce development going on in Australia and internationally as well. For John, I wasn’t quite sure if you meant that we should be looking for gross margins to be down in the second half vis-à-vis the second half of ‘09 or whether you thought that the increases would not be as great as they will be in the first half of fiscal ‘10. And for Sheree, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your opportunity to move sourcing to other markets perhaps to help with cost pressures? And if you could give us some highlights on new product introductions or focus for the second half. Thanks.
John Currie: Janet, I’ll start with the gross margin. What I meant was not year-over-year? What I was indicating is we see some gross margin compression compared to what you saw, the 53 plus percent that we saw in Q1?
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Okay. But we could still feasibly see some increases on a year-over-year basis?
John Currie: You should see year-over-year increases, yeah, definitely.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Okay. Thanks. 
Christine Day: For international, on the e-commerce side, we already do ship internationally and what we’re working on behind the scenes is putting an additional modules in place that make it easier for the guests to pay for the duty and taxes and the shipping and for us to do credit card verification. So that work is under way right now, which should actually increase our international reach. Australia actually is one of the markets where we see the most demand internationally from e-commerce because of the work that David and his team have done there. So we don’t necessarily need to build out fulfillment or a unique face in our e-commerce just to reach that guest there or frankly anywhere else. We will start to next year focus on additional languages on our e-commerce platform as well.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: What about further expansion internationally, given the platform now in Australia?
Christine Day: Yeah. I think we have a lot to learn. It’s now treated as a company operated or owned market but still a very small team there on the ground because it wasn’t done with another partnership. So it’s a pretty grass roots operation there that works closely with our team and we’ve been learning a lot. But I think one of the things we’re really careful about is adding a lot of complexity to our business, especially because they’re still very small in size and we already added the complexity of the e-commerce channel. So that I think is what we’re really trying to make sure that we work through to do things well and optimize both our U.S. strategy and our e-commerce strategy before we take on any additional complexity. We are -- you know, have a small business development team here that we’re working with to help us build the model but that’s really -- we’re at the very early stages and there was a false rumor that we were going to London. Let’s just get that on the table now, it was a false rumor. We don’t have a real estate partner signed in that market.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Would that be a market you would consider in the short term?
Christine Day: You know, I think it’s tempting because of the Olympics and the success we had here. But I think for us it’s really about managing the complexity and that’s going to be the thing that guides us and I’d like to really get through this e-commerce transition with the next platform before we take on any additional complexity.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Great. Good luck. Hi Sheree.
Sheree Waterson: Hey. I’ll answer first your question regarding sourcing. Our primary strategy is that we are shifting from about 7% to about 27% of our goods being manufactured in Southeast Asia and that goes for raw materials as well as cut and sewn goods and those countries are primarily Vietnam, Cambodia and then Bangladesh that we’ll be diversifying to. In terms of new product innovations or introductions, so for first quarter you saw more hot yoga and we had the introduction of the Matt and as part of our equipment and then for summer, we’d introduced UV sun protection in running which has been a run-away hit, no pun intended, along with lightweight running swift fabric in our running shorts, our tops and our running skirts. And then you will see a great introduction at the early part of Q3 which will be reflective running fabric where we actually have the reflective yarns woven into the fabric and of course, there’s more but we can’t tell you that just yet. We’ll have to surprise you later.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: That’s fine. Christine, would you reiterate again what your sales per square foot levels were? I wasn’t sure. Was it 1350?
Christine Day: I’m going to have to put my glasses back on for that one, Janet. It’s one four -- sorry, so it’s 1428…
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Okay.
Christine Day: … which was improvement from last quarter’s, $1318. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much. Good luck.
Christine Day:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Chi Lee of Morgan Stanley.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley:  Hi. Good morning everybody. Sheree, if I can ask one more follow-up question just on sourcing itself. Maybe a little more directly, I think you guys were about 75% China exposed on sourcing last year. Where could we see that number go to by the end of this year? And what pricing strategies are you guys looking at, in light of the inflationary pressures?
Sheree Waterson: Okay. The first thing is you were asking about China. I can tell you this. Strategically, we are looking to bring China down to just over half of our total sourcing, our total manufacturing. And the second thing was price pressures and how we see that in terms of retail. You won’t. You won’t. We are a premium manufacturer. We are a premium brand and the way we price goods, is through the right value equation for our guest and we like exactly where we are right now.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And that target to really get China down to sort of 50%, how long do you think it would take you to get there?
Sheree Waterson:  Over the next several years.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Then, could we get a little bit more color just in terms of the drivers behind the comp traffic conversion and ASP?
Sheree Waterson:  We’re definitely seeing traffic up and that’s probably the leading indicator. We’re also seeing stronger conversion rates and stronger ticket. So it’s coming from all three, but in that order.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Claire Gallacher of Capstone Investments. 
Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments: Thank you. Just a quick question about the performance that you saw in the U.S. versus Canada. Did you see any notable differences in traffic or buying patterns, any kind of difference in the consumer between the U.S. and Canada?
John Currie: I think the best way to answer that, overall, as Christine said in her remarks, the real stand-out was the class of stores that we opened in a lot of new markets towards the end of 2008, which overall the comp store increase in that class was well above the already high average that we posted. And that’s definitely traffic, primarily, because those are stores in markets that the guest is finally discovering the brand.
Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments: Okay. Great. And then so my follow-up really was going to be about any kind of regional differences in the U.S. and I’m guessing the answer really is where the 2008 stores are located is really where you saw a nice lift within U.S.?
Christine Day: I think it’s still very much for us an age class story as we’ve been saying all along. It’s just driven by the ramp in new stores. Overall, we see healthy markets across the board, but some really strong growth of brand awareness like in the DC market has been really exciting for us to see. And I think it was, a lot of the work we did on things like the Cherry Blossom Festival, where we had 1700 people show up and yoga at the White House which we anticipated in and then the Florida market as we increased our store penetration and community there, markets we used to worry about like, Texas, no longer worries whatsoever. That team down there has done an amazing job and that combined with our real estate strategy, opening in NorthPark, so we feel -- the really good news is there isn’t a weak spot.
Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments: Great. Thank you so much. Good luck.
Christine Day: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks very much. Now that you have or about to have your DC fully operational, is there a thought of bringing e-commerce in-house to take greater control of that piece of the business, not only the distribution and planning but the functionality of the site and to make it a wholly owned and totally controlled enterprise?
Christine Day:  I don’t think we’ll go to wholly owned. We are working on a new really kind of online strategy, the very, very formative stages, really leveraging where we’re going in the social media and online presence. And then we are working on increasing the web, the creative design and the speed of the system and a more scalable backside, but that would still be outsourced even though we will do did the distribution piece on our self in the U.S. as we do in Canada already. So I think you’ll see a lot of improvements in the site, but we also want to focus really on the creative and social side and I think from an IT complexity right now, I don’t see us in the short-term taking on the commercial side of that site for another few years.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: And is there an opportunity to take the site and make it available to other countries, euro denominated, perhaps.
Christine Day: Yeah. And that’s part of the move that we’ll make and by adding different tastes and languages. So we definitely see that as part of the shorter term strategy within the next year.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Within the next year. That’s all. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks. Just a – what are your thoughts on warehouse sales maybe during the summertime frame and maybe in the winter. Are those a thing in the past or could we expect them to pop up again as you’re building your inventories a little bit.
Christine Day:  We’ve typically only done them in Canada and one or two a year, so we do see probably doing one, coming up, but we haven’t quite agreed on the site or timing of that. So it could either be the end of second quarter, beginning of third. And we’re still pulling together what inventory we have for that, so we haven’t made the final decision. But I think definitely as we go through the balance of the year, we do expect to return to kind of a more normal accumulation. I mean our outlet stores have been underperforming, because we haven’t been shipping a lot of merchandise to those. I’m not really that worried about that underperformance, frankly. So I think you’ll see some additional revenue generate from those as we return to fuller product lines.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. Any thoughts on all the cash that’s piling up on your balance sheet, any kind of extraordinary, out of the ordinary uses for that coming up?
Christine Day:  I think we have to save it for taxes at this point.
John Currie: It’s a wonderful problem to have. I think with any retailer that’s accumulating cash, it’s a topic. And at some point I think all companies end up with strategies to return to shareholders. But we’re still so early in our growth cycle that I think it’s a good strategy to retain that cash to fund our growth.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: That is great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Taposh Bari of Jefferies.
Taposh Bar – Jefferies:  Hi. Good morning. Congratulations. We were just wondering, how and if weather variability has any impact on your business, given the large amount of outdoor and street type locations that you have. We heard California had unseasonably cool weather in April and May. I’m just trying to get a sense if you saw any changes in buying patterns as a function of that volatility?
Christine Day: Go ahead. 
Sheree Waterson: We didn’t really – Frankly, the thing that really drives our guest to our store is her passion for the brand. So if you know much about our guest, she’s willing to go to any lengths to experience our brand and to buy her components, to live a healthier life. So I think that there’s really fun stories in our stores, where we even have guests that come in that they can’t wait to see the educators, so they’re part of their network. So we’re very lucky in that way and frankly, there was minimal impact with weather.
Taposh Bar – Jefferies: Great work. Thanks and best of luck in the second half.
Christine Day: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Hi. Let me add my congratulations as well. I have a couple of questions. I wondered if you have any incredible strategies for gift giving or the holidays and then it seems like you are still light on accessories and I wondered what your longer term plans were there. And then lastly, looks like you made some progress on the smaller size issue. Any thoughts would be great? Thank you.
Sheree Waterson:  Great. So the first thing we talked about was gift giving and yeah, we started our gift giving strategy last year and it was very successful. We learned from that and we will be continuing that for Q4 of this coming year or this year. The second thing was light in accessories in general, yeah, we are. We have finally gotten back into stocking bags which has been tremendous for us. We’ve had a lot of work to do on our stock delivery, which finally now looks like we’ve got our flow going. We actually have a new strategic partner there, so we’re excited about that. And the other categories I think we’re just -- we are back filling nicely. So we had a tough time there for a while. And our mat sales are finally, we’re seeing that even out quite a bit because we’ve finally gotten our flow there. So that felt good. And then in terms of sizing, we’ve been continuing to tackle the size issue for 12 months now and just as we were getting a handle on it, we continue to have work to do regarding our shifting guests. As we introduced -- as Christine was mentioning before the run line, we’re seeing a more athletic, more slender body as one of our adding to our guest mix. So we’re now actually looking at that further and breaking that down to the – not just the style level but the style, color level. So we’re getting traction there and have made improvements for each buy that we do so.
Christine Day: And I think you’ll see the continued improvement in the core and black assortment but in the seasonal, in some of the seasonal styles, color waves, our strategy is a scarcity model. So if you like that size 6 or 4 in one of the color waves or seasonal styles, it’s never our strategy to be fully at demand level there, so there will always be a certain amount of noise that we expect but that helps keep the product and the brand strong which is also part of our strategy.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Great. And then I guess lastly, any thoughts on men’s and men’s in the U.S. versus the men’s in Canada?
Christine Day: Our men’s business is continuing to gain momentum. 
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Right.
Christine Day: To date, we’re about 40% over last year which is great. Our adoption has continued to increase in the U.S. And we’re getting a lot of traction there. So we’re excited about that. The U.S. market is giving us some clues about how we can optimize our business in Canada and with the onset of some things that we’re doing for our bottoms, in terms of fit logic and other things. I’m really looking forward to some of the results that we’re going to be getting in the future.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Fantastic. Thank you very much and good luck.
Christine Day: Yeah. Thanks, Jennifer.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kristine Koerber of JMP Securities.
Kristine Koerber – JMP Securities: Yeah. Hi. A couple of questions. First, can you talk about the trends throughout the quarter and maybe comment on trends into May, because a lot of retailers are saying they saw a slowdown.
John Currie: Through the quarter, we’re pretty consistent. If anything, things picked up a bit towards the end of the quarter. May is really reflected in the guidance I’ve given. May was a bit odd because of just the shift of the long weekend in both Canada and in the U.S. but generally continuing quite strong.
Kristine Koerber – JMP Securities: Okay. Great. And then you mentioned your operating margin, how you hit your operating margin target in the first quarter. How should we think about the operating margin over the long-term, because I know your goal is the 20s.
John Currie: Yeah. We said, we’ve always worked on sort of a model of a 20% operating margin. Clearly and you saw it in Q1, the business has the potential to produce an operating margin above 20%. The caution really is we are still very early in our growth and as we grow, we will flow through additional profit to fuel future growth. So even though a forecast might show an operating margin getting up into the mid-20s, you should expect that we’ll take some of that flow-through and reinvest it in future growth and that’s why we talk about – 20% is a level we like to maintain and possibly exceed, but the real variable is our discretionary investment in growth.
Kristine Koerber – JMP Securities: Okay. And then just lastly, on your new distribution center, will we see efficiencies flow through immediately?
John Currie: Well, we certainly hope so.
Christine Day: I think in the short-term you’ve got some cost overlaps, so it will probably show up more in the Q3, Q4, yeah.
Kristine Koerber – JMP Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question in queue comes from the line of Laura Champine of Cowen.
Laura Champine – Cowen and Company:  Hi, guys. I noticed in the 10-Q that you changed the way that you break out segments, which is great. But do you – will you be releasing data for the remaining three quarters last year, so that we can get a good sense of your year-on-year trends and how to project the business?
John Currie: I believe as we go forward, just to clarify, we have changed our segments. We’ve moved franchise, which is a decreasing percent, moved that into other. And we’ve broken out direct-to-consumer, which is e-commerce and phone sales because that’s a growing percent. My controller will pick his head up and he will kick me, but I believe as we go forward we’ll have to provide year-over-year comparisons based on the new segments as we’re now reporting them.
Deanne Schweitzer:  Correct.
Laura Champine – Cowen and Company: So if you don’t show them until the quarter, can you just kind of talk to us about how much the Australian revenues that shift out of franchises, how much those were on an annualized basis and then maybe -- You obviously had huge growth in the direct-to-consumer, how sustainable is triple digit growth year-on-year this year?
John Currie: I’m sorry. There are a number of questions in there. Starting with the franchise, there’s more to it of course than just Australia. And we have beyond Australia. We have five other franchises remaining. As we’ve said in the past, the plan is over time to eventually acquire all those franchises back. In terms of Australia, I think the best thing to do is to look at the press release that we issued on May 12th, announcing the acquisition and it does break out the revenue of that operation from last year. And then on -- I’m sorry, I’m not sure what your question was on e-commerce, triple digit growth is of course coming from zero a year ago. So as we’ve said, we’re running at 6 to 7% of total revenues today. We still believe that over some modest period of time that should rise to 10 to 12% of revenues.
Laura Champine – Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have to further questions in queue at this time.
Christine Day:  All right. Thanks, everyone. And we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-03-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jean Fontana – ICR Christine Day – President & CEO Chip Wilson - Chairman John Currie – CFO Sheree Waterson – EVP General Merchandise Manager 
Analysts:  Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley  Sharon Zackfia – William Blair  Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates  Edward Yruma – KeyBanc Rob Simone – Cowen and Company [Christine Cober] – JPMorgan Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group  Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the lululemon athletica Q4 2009 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce Jean Fontana from ICR.
Jean Fontana: Good morning. Thank you for joining lululemon athletica’s conference call to discuss fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2009 results. A copy of today’s press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or alternatively as furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website.  Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to Christine Day, lululemon athletica’s Chief Executive Officer.
Christine Day: Thank you Jean, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter results. With me today are Chip Wilson, our Chairman, John Currie, our CFO, and Sheree Waterson, our EVP General Merchandise Manager. Following my opening remarks I’ll turn the call over to John who will go through the financial details of the quarter.  We are very pleased with our fourth quarter results and a strong finish to fiscal year 2009 as well as the momentum in the business as we start 2010. Our constant dollar comparable store sales swung from down 8% in the first quarter of 2009 to up to 29% in the fourth quarter and earnings per share did a similar turnaround with a 25% drop in Q1 and 150% increase in Q4 compared to the same quarter in 2008. We deployed several strategies during the year that drove the rebound in our business. We reacted quickly to the macro environment at the end of 2008 which put us solidly in the position to focus on the opportunities in 2009. We have already discussed our decision to add more value to our products such as our technical functionality and other key features as well as new fabrics in order to offer additional value to our guests without increasing prices.  This along with the great success of our running line helped to turn our sales momentum positive and an improving economy shifted the headwinds to tailwinds and added strength in the back half of the year. We also turned up our community-oriented efforts such as supporting marathons and launching and Ambassador program for our running line in every store to match our yoga program.  There were other drivers as well including the launch of our e-commerce site in April which added incremental revenue and even more importantly created heightened brand awareness. We were also able to leverage our systems that were implemented to improve our supply chain capacity and inventory control.  And finally our team throughout the organization really came together and stepped up to capitalize on our opportunities. And now as we move into 2010 our e-commerce site, exposure from the Olympics, community and our showroom expansion strategies are all coming together to give our brand awareness around North America another meaningful incremental boost. This not only drives our comparable store sales but will also benefit our new store productivity going forward. Our Canadian growth continues to deliver strong sales and our US business has reached the point where we are seeing a strong lift across all markets and age classes, as well as strong openings in the 2009 class stores.  Our Q1 comparable store sales are now running above the 20% comp range in both the US and Canada with our class of 2008 which opened in a soft economy leading the way. The growth trajectory of our US stores is now well on track to achieve our long-term objective of being in line with the company average productivity.  Obviously we are very pleased with the management team we have in place at the store and district manager level and here at the support center giving us the capacity to expand as well as to flow through incremental sales to the bottom line.  Looking ahead into 2010 we plan on capitalizing on our unique showroom strategy. We have opened one so far in 2010 and will have 25 more opening before the end of June. These showrooms are located in our top potential markets and trade areas from our 300 target store list and include cities such as Malibu, California, Boca Raton, Florida, and Fort Worth, Texas.  We now also have a plan to open a minimum of an additional 20 showrooms in August. This important investment will dramatically impact the future store openings by seeding new markets and further stimulating existing markets while allowing us to still deliver earnings in 2010 that are in line with our long-term goals of at least 25%.  Our goal is to be able to report this level of earnings growth consistently for many years to come and investing back any potential upside to this target will aid our ability to deliver over the long-term. Finally many of you have noticed that we’ve been out of stock on our e-commerce site and in our stores especially in key sizes.  As you can imagine with comps we are running we are continuing to execute our rapid inventory replenishment programs. We will be chasing right through the summer and are now placing orders for winter 2010. And on the product front our goal for 2010 is to sell more of the same merchandise that worked in the second half of 2010.  Being in stock in sizes two, four, and six, continues to be our biggest productivity expansion opportunity, along with the growth in the yoga and running categories and our new e-commerce channel.  While we won’t focus on launching new lines, the product in the stores has never looked better and guest demand is growing for our current lines. So in summary we put a multi faceted plan in motion and it is already paying dividends and we expect to turn the same efforts up a notch in 2010 while investing for the future to keep our current momentum strong. So it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to John to go through the details of our financial results and to give you our outlook for 2010.
John Currie : Thanks Christine, I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter 2009 results and then I’ll provide our outlook for fiscal 2010. So for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 total net revenue was $160.6 million, up 54.5% from net revenue of $103.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales growth of 29% on a constant dollar basis, the addition of seven net new corporate owned stores opened since Q4 of 2008, the addition of e-commerce operations which contributed revenues of $9.3 million, and a stronger Canadian dollar which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $13.7 million or 13%.  During the quarter we opened one corporate owned lululemon store and one store in our Australia joint venture and three ivivva stores, two of those conversions of our old Ococo concept stores. We ended the quarter with 124 total stores versus 113 a year ago, 110 which are corporate owned and 14 which are franchises including the nine now operating in Australia.  There are now [inaudible] stores in our comp space, 38 of those in Canada and 59 in the United States. Our corporate owned stores represented 86% of total revenues or $137.4 million versus 87% or $90.3 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Franchise and other revenues which includes wholesale, showrooms, outlets, warehouse sales and now e-commerce sales totaled $23.2 million or the remaining 14% of revenue for the fourth quarter.  Gross profit for the fourth quarter was $86.6 million or 53.9% of net revenue compared to $51.6 million or 49.7% of net revenue in Q4 2008. The primary factors contributing to this 420 basis point increase in gross margin were merchandise margin improvement of 180 basis points which was driven by improved product costing on our winter merchandise and reduced store discounts and markdowns.  These cost reductions were partially offset by airfreight costs incurred throughout the quarter to keep pace with stronger than expected sales demand. Leverage on non-merchandise costs such as occupancy, depreciation, and product and supply chain costs contributed 160 basis points of improvement and foreign exchange improvement of 80 basis points due to a stronger Canadian dollar.  SG&A expenses were $44.9 million or 28% of net revenue compared with $31.2 million or 30% of net revenue for the same period last year. The higher SG&A was due to a natural increase in store labor and operating expenses associated with new stores, and net revenue growth at existing stores, an increase in administrative costs and service provider fees associated with our new e-commerce website in 2009, higher professional fees and legal fees primarily associated with ongoing litigation,  an increase in IT and other corporate head office costs as we began reinvesting into our support functions in response to increasing demand, higher management incentive based compensation that was annualized against bonus reversals in Q4 last year, and finally, the higher Canadian dollar which increased SG&A by $2.5 million.  Nonetheless we were able to achieve a 200 basis point reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue partially due to efficiencies in store labor, prudent expense management, and leverage associated with improved store productivity.  As a result operating income for the fourth quarter was $41.4 million or 25.8% of net revenue compared with $16 million or 15.4% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense was $13 million for the fourth quarter or a rate of 31.4% versus 32.7% last year.  Net income was $28.5 million or $0.40 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $10.9 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2008. Keep in mind the fourth quarter 2008 results included a $4.4 million or $0.04 per share asset impairment charge. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 71.3 million versus 68.5 million a year ago.  Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, again this quarter we generated strong positive cash flow and ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling $159.6 million. We continue to have a healthy working capital position and no debt.  Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $41.4 million, $8 million or 15% lower than at the end of the fourth quarter in 2008. Now you remember that on our last earnings call we actually forecasted a 20% to 25% increase in inventory levels. Much of the variance was due to the receipt of spring merchandise initially expected to be in transit at year end which did not actually hand over from the factories until early in fiscal 2010. This lower inventory balance also resulted from our efforts throughout the year to moved aged and obsolete inventory, higher than expected demand and sell through in the fourth quarter, and generally lower product costs due to improved sourcing.  Capital expenditures were $6.5 million in the fourth quarter resulting from new store build outs, existing store renovations, and IT capital expenditures. Turning to highlights for our full fiscal year performance, for fiscal year 2009 total net revenue increased by 28.1% to $452.9 million from $353.5 million in fiscal 2008. The increase was driven by a combination of adding seven net new stores to our store base, annualizing revenues from 2008 store openings, constant dollar comparable store sales increase of 9%, and the addition of our e-commerce channel.  Gross margin was $223.1 million or 49.3% of net revenue compared to $179.1 million or 50.7% of revenue for fiscal 2008. Operating income for the year was $86.5 million or 19.1% of net revenue compared with fiscal 2008 at $56.6 million or 16%.  We finished the year with diluted earnings per share of $0.82 compared with diluted earnings per share of $0.55 in fiscal 2008. Again prior year numbers included a $4.4 million or $0.04 per share asset impairment charge. For the year capital expenditures came in at $15.5 million.  Now I’ll turn to our outlook for the first quarter of 2010, this outlook assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.95 US compared to an average exchange rate of $0.80 in Q1 of 2009. For the first quarter of 2010 we anticipate net revenue to be in the range of $125 to $130 million. We expect comparable store sales percentage increase in the upper 20’s on a constant dollar basis compared to the first quarter of 2009. This comparable store sales momentum is particularly strong in the 2008 age class US stores. Many of these stores opened in new markets and in the worst part of the financial crisis and recession and have reached a tipping point and are now comping well above our overall average as we gain brand recognition and traction in all regions.  We’ll open four stores in the first quarter and we’ve already opened one, that one in Wayne, Pennsylvania. We expect gross margin as a percentage of sales to improve over Q1 2009 due to improved product costing, a favorable impact from foreign exchange, and leverage on occupancy and depreciation.  For the first quarter of 2010 we expect SG&A as a percent of sales to increase above Q1 2009 due largely to the stronger Canadian dollar which will increase reported Canadian SG&A costs as compared to first quarter 2009. In addition due to the expansion of our showroom strategy and many new showroom openings in the latter part of the quarter we expect to incur pre-opening costs including salary, training cost, and rent. First quarter 2010 results will also include administrative costs and service provider fees associated with our e-commerce channel which opened in the latter part of the first quarter of 2009. Assuming a tax rate of 35% and 71.1 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.18 to $0.20 per share for the quarter. For the full fiscal 2010 we have 12 new stores confirmed and may open up to 15 if we’re able to secure the right locations.  We expect comparable store sales growth in the first part of the year to remain strong as we annualize against periods where we were impacted by the economic downturn in 2009. However in the latter half of 2010 as we’re annualizing against periods where store productivity began to rebound and sales demand was strong in 2009 we expect much more modest comparable store sales growth rate.  For the fiscal year 2010 we expect net revenue to be in the range of $570 to $585 million. For gross margin, we expect gross margin to be favorably impacted by a stronger Canadian dollar and leverage on occupancy and depreciation through higher store productivity. We expect to increase SG&A spending in 2010 given the current strength and momentum of the business.  We will reinvest in certain support functions that we cut back in 2009 and will increase our investment in other key areas to build our platform to support our long-term growth trajectory. As Christine mentioned we’ll be opening a large number of showrooms in 2010. Typically these showrooms on average will generate revenue of $350,000 to $400,000. Since these showrooms are primarily aimed at driving brand awareness and seeding new markets they are expected to break even or produce at most a small profit.  We therefore carry a high SG&A component relative to sales. We expect capital expenditures to be between $27 and $30 million for fiscal 2010 reflecting new store build outs, renovation capital for existing stores, IT, and other head office capital.  Although we expect 2010 fiscal year earnings per share to be approximately $1.00 to $1.05 representing approximately 25% growth over 2009, and therefore consistent with our long-term growth targets. This is based on 72.5 million diluted weighted averages shares outstanding and it assumes our effective tax rate continues at 35%.  Having said that we’re currently reviewing our long-term tax rate assumption. A strong operating performance is resulting in the continued accumulation of significant undistributed earnings [inaudible] subsidiary. Tax accounting rules require that where excess undistributed earnings are accumulating in a subsidiary, beyond the reasonable requirement for that subsidiary, an additional tax expense needs to be accrued to account for the future tax that would be incurred if and when the excess funds are repatriated through the parent company by way of dividends.  We’re currently analyzing this complex area including expected future funding requirements by tax jurisdiction, and we believe that we have [finance] strategies that could defer, reduce, or fully eliminate the impact. Depending on the final outcome of this review the potential exists that an additional tax charge would need to be recorded on any existing excess and distributed earnings and going forward our effective reported tax rate could increase above 35% to as high as approximately 40%, including for the 2010 fiscal year.  We’ll provide updates during the year as we finalize this research. With that I’ll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day : Chip wanted to make a few closing remarks, so I’ll turn it over to him.
Chip Wilson : I’d just like to thank our team for their personal growth and their business maturity. I think their ability to work as a cross functioning team is second to none. And I’d like to thank our investors and our team for [inaudible] elevating the growth [inaudible]. Thank you so much. 
Christine Day : Thanks Chip, so with that we’re ready to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America: Could you give us a little more color or help to quantify some of the elements in the SG&A growth for 2010 between e-com and the showrooms or in perhaps currency, and is there anything of note to call out for the sequential growth over the quarters in SG&A, will it drop off at the end of the year because there will be fewer showrooms opening. 
John Currie : Again as I said the showrooms, I gave you an indication of the average revenue for those showrooms. They have a very high growth margin because we don’t do markdowns, etc. in these showrooms, so again they’re really designed to do a little bit better than break even and so you’re going to have a high SG&A relative to revenue in those showrooms. And I think you can extrapolate from that based on the number of showrooms we’re opening. E-commerce, the margin profile is somewhat different than our store based channel because we have no bricks and mortar so we don’t have occupancy and depreciation costs which are up in [gross] margin so the e-commerce channel has a very high gross margin but because the fee we pay to the third party providers is in SG&A. We tend to have a very high SG&A roughly speaking our gross margin on the e-commerce channel is probably in the upper 60’s and SG&A is in the upper 30%. So again that’s skewed to the overall margin profile. And then again all of our SG&A other than store based SG&A is here in Vancouver, its in Canadian dollars and therefore if the Canadian dollar is higher then that translates back into US dollars at a higher amount.  Regarding your question on sequential SG&A levels, I think in the first part of the year there is the impact of these showroom openings against the scheme of things that’s not a huge amount. I see our SG&A increases higher in the second half of the year as we implement some of the additional foundation initiatives that we’re talking about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the inventory side of things, I know you made a lot of progress last year in terms of replenishment, I was wondering if there was further opportunity in really taking up that safety stock in basic items where you don’t carry a lot of markdown risk and whether you could quantify at all the missed sales opportunity this year from being out of those two, fours, and sixes.  
Christine Day : I’m going to let Sheree answer and make some comments on the rest of this question because her team did the work, I think we have for fall, we have been upping our inventory buys but given that we’re on an eight month cycle, we’ve been placing buys to what we think is more aggressive and safety stock but have then seen the sales even surpass that demand and I think if anybody had told us we’d be planning for in the neighborhood with safety stock of a 30% comp growth, we would have told you you’re crazy.  So, that puts us in a little bit of a chase mode and so our focus has really been on a high execution of that with the factories and then I’ll let Sheree make any additional comments. 
Sheree Waterson : Christine did a great job, I think we are clearly reexamining our core and quick response strategies and in core you’re absolutely right, there is little or no risk in taking up our weekly supplies so we are in the process of doing that right now with our vendors. We’re also looking at taking on more raw materials, both locally and overseas, so that again we can respond to any unplanned demand in both sizes and/or styling in our core.  So what we’re doing is further leveraging the speed to market modules that the production team and planning teams did such a great job of putting together for 2009.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: Just on the showrooms, I was wondering if there’s any color you can give us on how significant this strategy is for the productivity of your upcoming class of stores relative to how the stores opened in 2008, any kind of additional qualitative or quantitative color you could give there. 
Christine Day :  We think that they’re critically important, as we really started re-implementing the showroom strategy and getting it ahead of our real estate strategy which was originally [inaudible] that that sales to be executed in the 2008 class. For 2009 every store we opened had an incredibly strong opening because we deployed the showroom strategy against those markets.  So we know this is a winning formula and it takes the risk out of the real estate strategy because by harvesting the best of the showrooms into our stores and having the patience to do that, and make sure that we have the right people, we built the community awareness, we can capture and monitor the sales on e-commerce through our wholesale partners in the marketplace and the showroom itself.  So we know the market is ready and it improves the ROI on the new stores dramatically. So as we’ve done the deep work of mapping on the real estate we know where we want to be. Now we’re adding that development with the showrooms and having the patience to do that so that every store opens well. The one thing I really want to say is that what we’ve learned about the guests is that how she discovers the brand creates an emotional attachment and loyalty. And what we’ve been able to do with the showrooms is we create that special sense of discovery and attachment for every new guest. And we also think that has a lot to do with being that beloved brand and resonating with that women on [guest] shopper. But I also think, we also have to [inaudible] our head of operations with us today and that team has done an incredible job hiring for these showrooms, training them, and delivering the results that we have this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: I was wondering if you could spend a few minutes on the internet business which I believe has blossomed into a larger volume business than you had originally projected, perhaps you could talk about the purchasing metrics versus what you’re seeing in the stores and if you could talk a little bit about what I would expect to be a change in your projections for the size of this business. And I was also wondering if you could talk about your strategies for international store growth, perhaps into newer markets in Asia or in, I believe there’s some growth going on in Australia and if you could let us know if you’re thinking that square footage growth in fiscal 2011 could increase given the success that you’re experiencing currently. 
Christine Day : So yes we have seen our e-commerce business really take off. I think we’ve seen it slow a little bit because of product availability over the last few weeks and that’s been something that we’ve really been working on and driving the units to that because we don’t want to obviously frustrate our guests there.  We do see a pretty similar pattern. We do know that the guests shop between the channels so about 40% of the guests are unique to the site and new guests coming in and about 60% are loyal guests. And the purchasing patterns are fairly similar to the retail stores with the exception of the men’s business which is still stronger in the stores than online.  For international we’re really right now doing the due diligence of the business model and the market strategy etc., and while we do have the showroom in Hong Kong, that’s really just a [path] to our liaison office there for the factories. And at this point in time we don’t have any plans to expand in 2010. I think we have to get the model built and understand our strategy before we commit to anything for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: Congratulations on a great quarter, our question relates to the outlets, during some of our recent outlet store checks we noticed a lot of product that is currently in your retail stores and being sold at full prices, so can you discuss your outlet pricing strategy and how you see that evolving over time. 
Christine Day : We only put excess inventory in there except for we had guests absolutely screaming that that’s the only place they shop and they couldn’t buy the Groove Pant and the Hoodies, our most popular items. So most of the outlet centers we don’t have a retail store near so in response to that guest demand we did put the full priced items so that they could get those items because they were the most popular. We don’t send regular assortments to them other than those two key items. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: With all the showrooms opening this year just wondering as you look to 2011 is that 12 to 15 store openings per year the right number or do you anticipate going above and beyond that as a result of all these showroom openings. And also just wondering what the assumption is for the Canadian dollar that you incorporate into your full year guidance. 
John Currie : My guidance assumes the Canadian dollar stays at about a $0.95 level, its running a little bit higher than that today. Regarding your question on the showrooms and a large part of the showroom strategy is in fact to feed new markets to give us better clarity on when to move ahead on new stores so I guess I’d say clearly with the expansion of the showroom strategy it puts us in a position to accelerate that store growth well above the number that we’re posting in 2010. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley 
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley : Just a follow-up question on inventory, are you finding it more challenging to book additional capacity out there with your factories just given that we’ve seen just a strengthening demand environment and just in terms of your revenue guidance, how much of the factory capacity have you already booked to achieve that sales level. 
Christine Day : I’ll go back to planning, our production team has done a phenomenal job of not only planning out for the next several years so we have a strategic plan for our growth but also has outstanding relationships with our current factory partners so the additional demand that we’re seeing is we are easily able to meet based on both of those things, both planning and relationships. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia – William Blair 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair : Could you give us a refresher on the economics of the showrooms once they are open and how long are you willing to keep a showroom open, I think it used to be about a year before you opened the market with the real stores, is that still the case. 
John Currie : In my prepared comments I gave an outline of the showroom economics as I said, full year on average they’re about $350,000 to $400,000 to revenue. But again they’re not designed, they’re not a distribution channel so there’s very little operating margin contribution from them. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates : Congratulations on great numbers, I wanted to know what percentage of your business in the quarter came from new guests versus returning guests and this is in your stores, and how many times you believe your average returning guest frequents the store. 
Christine Day : Looking at the numbers it says about 40%. So we don’t know that number specifically, we only know it through our design feedback sessions, and talking to regular guests and so we don’t have yet the customer intelligence systems to track that level of transactional details. So the reality is we know that there’s a tremendous amount of loyalty based on our feedback sessions where our guest shops our store frequently and we hear that and see that on the online blogs and the social media that we do monitor.  So we do know that we have a very frequent guest that shops us often but we also know we’re attracting through the e-commerce numbers where I can see it, a high number of new and first time and unique guests where there is where I said it was about 40%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma – KeyBanc
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Congratulations on a great quarter can you give us some update on some of the new product introductions that you did in 2009 and the performance specifically running and second you introduced a lower cost yoga mat and some other lower price point items in 2009, will you continue those through 2010.
Christine Day : Yes, in regard to the running line, which was our largest introduction in 2009, we’ve had fantastic results and as we have said in our past call, we’ve more than doubled the penetration of the running line from prior years and quarters. And we’re seeing the sell throughs on the core parts of running very similar to the core that we have in yoga so there’s a great foundation there. And then we also see additional high sell throughs on some of the more seasonal categories. So all in all the running business is quite healthy and we’re very pleased with this performance. And then in terms of the yoga mats, the $28 mats, we are so pleased because clearly we are introducing more and more people to yoga which was the entire intention of creating that opening price point so we have seen an acceleration in the mat business, over 30% to prior year, year to date. And I think that that bodes well for the strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Simone – Cowen and Company
Rob Simone – Cowen and Company: I was wondering if you could just quantify or give us some additional color on how the Vancouver Olympics effected or benefited sales in Q4. 
Christine Day : Well we had a lot of fun. I think the nice thing for us was that there was a tremendous number of obviously international guests in the city during that period and we’re very fortunate to have two stores that are very well placed, one up at Whistler, which was a new location for us to be relocated to the [inaudible] part of the Village and I think if you were watching coverage you probably saw us right behind the majority of the coverage because we were right behind the CTV booth.  And then right down on Robson Street, which is the heart of the shopping district downtown which was the closed street that led to many of the venues. So in those two stores you certainly got a sales lift and the halo effect. I don’t think it was, its not certainly material in terms of the, going to change the sales results for the quarter but I do think what happened for us was tremendous brand exposure first time guests experience and a lot of people being introduced to them for the first time internationally which will certainly help the future plans we have.  And I think the buzz around the brand was also something we were very pleased with. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Christine Cober] – JPMorgan
[Christine Cober] – JPMorgan: Can you talk about the ivivva brand and what you’re seeing out of the gate and any tweaks to the model or strategy you may be thinking at this point. 
Christine Day : We opened the three, we really consider them a learning lab. We’re testing different store design in each one of them, we’re testing product mix, and really just taking our time to get it to the optimum model to get it right and we’ve learned a lot of things and I think we’re really pretty confident this is a mall space concept so it was good to have the Calgary store.  We’ve had great guest response in the young girls, but we really want to grow this well and be right so we’re not in a hurry and we really are working on the community model right now, making sure we know exactly what that looks like but we are operating as a team and making some small investments in G&A, so that we can expand the concept in the future.  But right now we want to keep it to the point where we really can still test a few things to make sure we’ve got the model 100% right before we roll out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group 
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group : Congratulations, as you think about your comps and the comps this quarter and as you plan go forward, what are you seeing in the complexion, average unit retail, conversion, and also averaging cost trends. Is there more merchandise margin opportunity and where does it come from. 
Christine Day :  We’re seeing healthy growth in transactions is really where we’re seeing it for the most part and then the buying profile is staying about the same. It does adjust seasonally based on whether its outerwear in the fall or running might be a few more pieces as people are buying their full outfits. But other than that it stayed pretty consistent with transactions being the leading indicator. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Great quarter, I just want to make sure I heard you right, you’re going to open 25 showrooms by June and then you’ll open an additional 20 in August, that’s question number one. And number two is just what are your plans or how are you thinking about the warehouse sales going forward, are they a thing of the past or are you going to revisit them in July and maybe next winter as well. 
Christine Day : Showrooms, yes you heard us correctly those were the right numbers and on warehouse sales we actually didn’t have one in January because we had no product to put in it. So I think we still view there is benefit, particularly in the Canadian market as really a guest branding event for the loyal customers, so I don’t see them ever going away.  But we certainly don’t view them as a necessity right now or something that we have to do. We want to keep them special and do a good job when we do do them. So at this point in time we’ll call it every two but our inventory is probably the cleanest its ever been from a aged inventory perspective and certainly we also have the e-commerce channel where we’re putting up an occasional what we call [loop] page, almost doing our own private sale model when we’re ready but not having it all the time and that’s also worked very well for us.  And just the value of our sell throughs right now are very strong. So we view it as just like we do the outlet stores, we don’t have a strategy to have a lot of those, just the ones, and if they’re barebones and we aren’t getting a lot of sales out of them we’re okay with that. So we don’t intend to create either a discounting strategy or building that [inaudible].  Other than that, I think just the only sale that we’ve had has been the call it post holiday traditional one that we do and that was very short, in and out this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments 
Claire Gallacher – Capstone Investments : Could you talk about your men’s business, what’s working there and where do you see additional opportunity to grow that side of the business. 
Christine Day : Our men’s business has seen really consistent growth over prior year so we’ve made strides in our technical top business as well as some of our bottoms business and we are currently doing additional foundational work for fit and so I think once we get that done and nail that, that we’ll continue to see additional penetration in the sales for the men’s business. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: I just didn’t get an answer to that one question about square footage expansion in the out years, could you be considering accelerating that rate from the level here in fiscal 2010.
Christine Day : Right now, we’ll stay at around that 25 store mark, but that’s certainly something we’re looking at and we’ll look at it with the showroom strategy. The biggest thing I always make sure we’re ready, is the community and the people. Because opening a store without the right guest experience and a premium brand situation is not where you want to be. So it takes a lot more to clean something up than it does to get it right in the beginning and that’s what we’re really making sure building, is that people capacity and having the patience to wait for the right site is really what we’re working on. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: So you’ll open, what 15 this year and 25 next.
Christine Day : Twelve for sure, we’re working on a few more but I’m waiting for the right location for a couple of them and so I’m not eager to hit a number called 15, its 15 right ones and the right deal terms and so we’re staying very firm in what we think great is and if we’re only going to have the 350 highly productive stores, they’re going to be the best 350 productive stores.  And that’s what we’re committed to. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Can you comment on the success of the girl’s concept up in Canada. 
Christine Day : We’ve seen a very strong guest response. I think what we’re doing right now is really playing with that target age group and making sure we’ve got that absolutely right that it resonates from the community and just really refining the model. If you come to the analyst day we will be doing a tour of that store along with the original [inaudible] store so that you can see the concept. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Are there any thoughts of expanding that concept further, accelerating openings in Canada or perhaps entering the United States. 
Christine Day : [inaudible] the United States but we’re looking at a couple of stores maybe for the back half of the year but I really want to do a couple more tests on some product runs and we’ll make that decision as we get later into the year. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates 
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates : This year you did a great job offering an elevated element of fashion that’s very, very versatile yet athletic, will we see more of that during the course of this next year. 
Sheree Waterson : Yes, we are very pleased with our formula of foundational core basics, like our Groove Pants, our Defined jacket, our Stride Jacket, and so on and so forth and as we said before our biggest challenge there is our sizes which Christine already addressed and we’re addressing that further with our speed to market response as well as further leveraging our [JDA] size scaling and so on. And then in terms of the seasonal piece of it, we’ve got some of the most talented designers in the world and I am pleased to say that what you’ll be seeing going forward looks just as great if not greater than what you’ve seen in 2009.  
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates : Its pretty fantastic and did you have a great response like one of the best responses to the Splatter that you just launched. 
Sheree Waterson : Yes, you called it, absolutely right. The Splatter has been a real hit. We found that there’s a formula or a recipe of prints, textures, and solids that’s been very successful for us. 
Christine Day : Thank you everyone for joining us today and for your participation and support and coverage of us over this last year. We’re looking forward to a great 2010. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-12-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jean Fontana - ICR Christine Day - President and Chief Executive Officer John Currie - Chief Financial Officer Chip Wilson - Founder and Chairman Sheree Waterson - EVP General Merchandise Manager
Analysts: Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Edward Yruma – KeyBanc Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc.  Laura Champine - Cowen  
Operator: Welcome to the lululemon athletica third quarter earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Jean Fontana with ICR.
Jean Fontana:  Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining lululemon athletica’s conference call to discuss third quarter fiscal 2009 results. A copy of today’s press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or alternatively as furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website.  Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, I would like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Christine Day, lululemon athletica’s Chief Executive Officer. 
Christine Day:  Thank you Jean and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter results. With me today are John Currie, our CFO and Sheree Waterson, EVP General Merchandise Manager. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John who will go through the financial details of the quarter. Our third quarter performance demonstrates wins in three significant areas. The first is positive comps of 10% for the quarter highlighting our growing sales momentum in both the Canadian and US stores, a return to healthy gross margin levels of almost 50% driven by our supply chain and product mix initiatives and the successful second quarter of our new e-commerce business which delivered $4.2 million in revenue for the quarter.  Looking at what is driving revenue it is important to state that we achieved our sales results without increasing our promotional cadence. The guest is truly responding to our unique product assortment and guest experience. Our focus on new colors and styles delivered weekly creates the scarcity model that drives an immediate guest purchase. This focus combined with an upbeat staff and store environment have proven over and over to be a winning formula.  Our yoga line remains a core revenue driver. Wins include the introduction of increased choices of technical fabric in our tank line and a new, hot yoga line. We also continue to have an incredible reaction to our running line with an expanded line of crop, shorts and outerwear and our running skirt was a runaway hit. Our men’s business continues to grow with new product introductions such as our ripped compression line, more color and technical cloth. Our natural fabric line also continued to perform nicely.  E-commerce now carries our full line of products and we introduced free shipping in October. This drove increased traffic and conversion rates across North America. We continue to enhance the look, feel and performance of our site and to build our online community. To give you a sense of our online presence, lululemon is mentioned every 17 seconds online.  While John will speak to gross margin in detail, as a reminder we took some unique steps over the past year to position our business for the recession without turning to traditional promotions. Basically we added more value to our products such as technical functionality and other key features as well as new fabrics, all without increasing prices. This resulted in helping our sales in the first half of the year but pressuring our gross margin. We also focused our merchandising efforts on pieces that were certain strong selling price points such as layering pieces within our running line and reduced price on some key accessories to drive traffic.  Our focus on sourcing and supply chain initiatives as well as adding value for the guest have paid off with increased sales providing leverage on depreciation and occupancy while supply chain initiatives improved our initial product margins.  As our store managers increase their tenure with the company it has increased our capacity to drive results in sales and profit but it has also enabled us to become more connected to the communities we serve; both our guests with complementary classes and events and our ambassadors in the fitness community. We continue to see a focus on healthy living particularly in the US where the healthcare debate keeps the cost of healthcare top of mind for consumers.  Now looking at the quarter our 10% same store sales comparison in the third quarter was our first positive result since the third quarter of last year. It was driven by positive results in both Canada and the US with the US being very strong, especially in the new stores that opened in Q3 of last year as they opened during the worst period of the recession. We continue to leverage our control of the supply chain provided by our new systems and business process to pull inventory forward in order to meet our growing demand.  Our inventory is in very good shape for the fourth quarter. We finished Q3 with total inventory up 6% placing us in great inventory position heading into the holiday season. While we are utilizing air freight as needed, overall improvements in the gross margin due to sourcing initiatives and supply chain initiatives offset much of the impact to gross margin which we have historically felt when we utilized air freight. Also we will be bringing in March and April inventories in early this year due to the Chinese New Year which falls three weeks later in February, affecting shipments for the first quarter. This also allows us to meet additional demand in the fourth quarter without running the risk of having excess fall/winter goods.  Looking ahead to 2010 we are looking to open up to 15 new stores and again we will be filling in our existing markets. Primarily in our markets in the US. We have now opened our first three initial ivivva athletica stores. As a reminder, this new concept will focus on active young women from 6-12 years old. Initial results tells us we have a winning concept and we will continue to develop and refine the model over the next few quarters.  In addition, we have made the strategic decision to intensify our use of showrooms as not only a brand awareness builder and [bell weather] for new markets but as a source of incremental revenue growth, mostly via our e-commerce site. The success of this strategy has demonstrated to us clear wins in store sales, increased return on investment and reduction of mistakes or under producing stores, especially important in an uncertain economic environment.  Showrooms also allow us to increase our human capital which is our biggest growth constraint. We currently have 13 showrooms open and we are now planning to open an additional 25 by the end of the first quarter and possibly more showrooms later in the year. We remain confident in our long-term potential to have 300 stores and feel the right strategy is to focus on the right locations, strong execution and strong results outweighing a focus on store count. We want to ensure new stores are well thought out and in locations where we have seeded the brand and tested demand. We expect the showrooms to pay for themselves from limited hours of operation while also using them for local community outreach with the added potential to drive business to our e-commerce site.  Our strategy is to have enough showrooms to seed the market for up to two years in advance and to harvest the strongest market producers against our target store list. Finally, while we have strongly controlled our SG&A spend over the past year, we want to note that due to the rapid increase in store sales our labor investment has lagged resulting in some unnatural leverage. In order to maintain the exceptional store experience that our guests are accustomed to, we will be making additional investments in labor in the fourth quarter to catch up. However, Q4 is also a quarter with high sales so the investment will be more apparent in Q1 of the next year.  With great pleasure I now turn the call over to John to go through the details of our financial results. 
John Currie :  Thanks Christine. I will begin by reviewing the details of our third quarter 2009 results and then I will provide our outlook on the fourth quarter.  For the third quarter fiscal 2009 total net revenue was $112.9 million up 29.7% from revenue of $87 million in the third quarter of 2008. The increase in revenue was driven by comparable store sales increase of 10% on a constant dollar basis, the addition of eight new corporate owned stores open since Q3 of 2008, a stronger Canadian dollar which had the effect of increasing reported revenues by $800,000 or 0.7%, and the addition of e-commerce operations which contributed revenues of $4.2 million in Q3.  During the quarter we opened four corporate owned stores and two stores in our Australia joint venture. We also closed the two Ococo branded locations which have since been reopened as ivivva stores in Q4 2009. We ended the quarter with 119 total stores versus 107 a year ago; 106 which are corporate owned and 13 which are franchises including the eight now operating in Australia.  Our corporate owned stores represented 87% of total revenue or $98.1 million versus 89% or $77.6 million in the third quarter of last year. Franchise and other revenues which includes wholesale, showroom, outlet, warehouse sales and now e-commerce sales totaled $14.8 million for the remaining 13% of revenue for the third quarter.  Gross profit for the third quarter was $56.3 million or 49.9% of net revenue compared to $41.9 million or 48.1% of net revenue in Q3 2008. The primary factors contributing to this 108 basis point increase in gross margin were merchandise margin improvement of 110 basis points which was driven by improved sourcing on our fall merchandise and reduced mark downs. These cost reductions were partially offset by air freight costs incurred throughout the quarter to keep pace with stronger than expected sales demand.  Leverage on non-merchandise costs such as occupancy, depreciation, design and production costs coupled with efficiencies in distribution expenses contributed 180 basis points of improvement. These improvements were partially offset by a 120 basis point negative impact from a lower Canadian dollar. Remember there is a time lag of 1-2 quarters as the impact of currency fluctuations works its way through cost of sales over inventory turns. Therefore the impact seen in this Q3 actually reflects a weaker Canadian dollar during the first half of 2009. This may seem ironic as in fact the Canadian dollar has continued to strengthen and at 93 cents in Q3 was stronger than the 91 cent average in Q3 2008. Overall we are pleased with the sequential quarter-to-quarter improvement in the three main buckets which contributed to our gross margin decline earlier this year. Namely merchandise margin, occupancy and depreciation and foreign exchange. We are very pleased to have achieved a return to our healthy, historical gross margins in the 50% range.  SG&A expenses were $35.4 million or 31.4% of net revenues compared to $28.8 million or 33.2% of net revenue for the same period last year. The increase in SG&A dollars was due to the following; an increase in store payroll and administrative fees and costs associated with new stores and our e-commerce business, higher professional and legal fees primarily associated with ongoing litigation including legal settlement costs, higher depreciation associated with IT projects placed into service during the quarter, higher management incentive based compensation and the higher Canadian dollar also increased SG&A by $400,000.  As a result, operating income for the third quarter was $20.9 million or 18.5% of net revenue compared to $13.1 million or 15% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense was $6.9 million for the third quarter or a rate of 32.8% versus 33.1% last year. Based on statutory tax rates, our expected tax rate for Q3 was 35%. The lower tax rate realized this quarter is due primarily to the recognition of deferred tax assets related to a one-time true up to our 2008 tax returns.  Net income was $14.1 million or $0.20 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $8.8 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2008. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 71.1 million versus 70.6 million a year ago.  Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, again this quarter we generated strong positive cash flow and ended the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling $101.8 million. We continue to have a healthy working capital position and no debt. Inventory at the end of the third quarter was $52.2 million or 6.2 higher than the end of the third quarter 2008. Inventory per square foot at the end of Q3 is now down 5% from a year ago after executing some tactical steps towards building out inventory from conservative levels. We feel very good about having been able to readjust our inflows and source the inventory necessary to meet demand in the fourth quarter.  While we are on the topic of inventory levels, as a heads up and due to the planned opening of numerous showrooms early in 2010 coupled with the desire to avoid disruptions in product delivery due to the timing of Chinese New Year we are planning an increase in year-end inventory of 20-25% over year-end fiscal 2008.  Capital expenditures were $3.7 million in the third quarter resulting from new store build outs, existing store renovation and IT capital expenditures. For the year we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $13-14 million.  We will now turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter 2009. This outlook assumes a Canadian dollar of 93 to 95 cents US compared to an average exchange rate of 81 cents in Q4 2008. For the fourth quarter 2009 we expect comparable store sales will increase in mid teens on a constant dollar basis compared to the fourth quarter of last year. In the fourth quarter we have already opened a store on Rush Street in Chicago and three ivivva branded stores in Canada, which has finalized our store openings for fiscal 2009.  We expect revenues for Q4 to be in a range of $140 million to $145 million. Overall, we expect gross margin improvement in Q4 based on additional leverage on occupancy and depreciation but we expect this to be partially offset with air freight incurred to pull forward products to meet higher demand.  For the fourth quarter of 2009 we expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be below Q4 2008 due largely to increased leverage gains from positive comps and annualizing on new store openings. However, as mentioned by Christine, the rapid sales increase in the third quarter created some artificial leverage on store labor costs which we have addressed in Q4. SG&A in Q4 2009 will also be adversely impacted by the higher Canadian dollar versus Q4 of 2008.  Assuming a tax rate of 35% and 71.3 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding; we expect earnings per share in a range of $0.26 to $0.28 per share for the quarter. With that I will turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day :  Thanks John. These results would not be possible without the contribution of many people. We deeply appreciate the contribution of our merchant, design and production and logistics teams along with our incredible store managers and educators. We also appreciate our shareholder’s loyalty in the turbulent retail market and really appreciate your continued interest and support for lululemon. Before I turn it over to Q&A I would like to invite Sheree Waterson to make a few comments about products. 
Sheree Waterson :  Thanks Christine. I would like to give a big shout out to the product and supply chain team here in Vancouver. That is design, merchandising and planning, production, logistics and distribution. A tremendous amount of cross functional hard work and dedication have gone into chasing and pulling forward over 1 million units that have allowed us to meet our guest demand. As we have said before there is no speed without planning, there are no things that are accomplished without a seamless cross-functional teamwork and there is nothing that is done without the excellent factory relationships that lululemon and the production team have established.  All of these have contributed to our excellent results and I would like to thank you all. 
Christine Day :  Thank you Sheree. With that operator we will turn it over for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us any color on the progression of comp sales that you saw throughout the quarter? Also we had heard about a Hong Kong showroom. I was wondering when that opened, what you are seeing there and Christine given your prior experience in Asia can you tell us how you are thinking about that market? 
Christine Day :  I will start with that and then turn it over to John to do the comp cadence. We actually have had a long term relationship with Pure Yoga for several years and a couple of years ago prior to my arrival we had opened what was to be the head of international office in Asia which we closed when we closed the Japan market. Then we subsequently opened our liaison office in Hong Kong. Attached to that liaison office which we opened in the summer of last year, we opened a showroom attached to that. It is kind of product demo space and we do sell out of that space to the public but it is located on the seventh floor of an office tower. That said, the sales are kind of incredible. We don’t currently have any plans to further our international expansion beyond that additional showroom space that we have there. 
John Currie :  In terms of the comp trend during the quarter it definitely strengthened as the quarter progressed. As you recall in the Q2 call I was indicating flat comps and that was somewhat consistent with what we saw at the start of the quarter and then the last week of October updated guidance to something just a little below where we came in. Again that was reflecting continued strengthening of comps sequentially each month. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs:  On ivivva you mentioned you have confidence in it being a successful concept. Any color you can give us on what gives you that comfort? 
Christine Day :  We opened three stores in the last few weeks and each one had a slightly different design of the store layout. Then we have a product range we have put in the store which is very similar and initial guest response to that has been extreme. We are very pleased with the results. We feel we have to continue to refine the prototype of the store and refine the product mix and as we solidify those two we will get ready to look at it. I think the important thing is making sure we can sustain those sales results we have seen initially post holiday period and post initial launch to give us the confidence to develop the final plans for rollout. Initial response has been fantastic. A lot of very excited young girls. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: If we take a longer term view I am just wondering if you can frame for us how you prioritize your initiatives? Moving faster in the US, ivivva, international and wholesale distribution as a possibility at some point and let’s say we take a five year view, how do each of those look over the next five years? Second, just thinking back to the store impairment you took, can you just remind us which stores those were and if you have seen an improvement in those stores as you have seen in the rest of the business? 
Christine Day :  Answering your first question first, US is still very much number one for us which is why you also see us do the push on the number of showrooms really priming the market. We have been very aggressive in what we are holding for real estate deals and we have really seen in the stores that we have opened this year enormous success when we do the showroom model right with year-one sales for the stores. We think it is really important to stay on that strategy.  E-commerce would be what I would rate number two as our other strategic opportunity and the response we have seen in that business platform particularly since we turned on the free shipping. Wholesale is a smaller opportunity. We don’t see doing it big box but we do see tremendous room for strategic improvement in how we are executing and in team sales in particular. But I think it will always still be a minor portion of the business. International and ivivva I think the big strategic decision facing the company that we are really discussing but for us it is not totally going to finish our focus on the US is whether we become multi-concept or we push international. 
John Currie :  Regarding last year’s impairment there is a combination of things. There are two stores included in that charge that we subsequently closed. One was Chino Hills in California and the other shops were at Highlands in Dallas. There are three stores that I recall that were actually leases signed we did not open and then there were two stores where we wrote down the tenant improvement assets on our books. Those two stores I would rather not disclose. I don’t want to taint them. But they weren’t in any one geographic region. One was in the east and one was in the west. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Have you seen improvement in those stores? 
John Currie :  Yes we are seeing improvement as the economy recovers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma – KeyBanc. 
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc:  You talked about two headwinds to SG&A for next year; one the actual SG&A in store investments and two, the incremental showrooms you are adding. Can you provide some more clarification and how did that impact your comp leverage? 
John Currie :  With in store labor being the first one, as we both mentioned what we saw in Q3 was accelerating sales levels and quite frankly we just didn’t have the ability to quickly add the labor hours to provide the proper guest experience to keep pace with those sales. So what we are saying is Q4 and then again next year you shouldn’t expect to see the same leverage on store labor because part of the key to our success is the guest experience. 
Christine Day :  I think that said we are not predicting a deterioration. There is just an unnatural lag we didn’t want anybody to get too excited about building into models, our future leverage on that. 
John Currie :  What was the next question? 
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Your increase in your showroom count. 
John Currie :  Showrooms again are our marketing, our pre-branding. They are our real estate due diligence and they are our management’s pipeline generator. So they generate modest sales but basically the SG&A takes them down to just about break-even. So with us really ramping up and using the showroom strategy to push forward the brand it will be leveraged on our SG&A. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Earlier in the year you had added some quality into certain of your products and taking the price points down on the yoga mats. Can you just update us on where you are in sourcing into those product improvements and if we should expect to see some gross margin lift in the first half of next year from the better sourcing? 
Sheree Waterson :  Our product or sourcing improvements you will see with favorable margin results for the first half of next year. We are looking at really leveraging our running line which is our most technical line because we are extending that line significantly we are going to triple the penetration next year. You will see that we will have the commensurate savings because we are leveraging our piece good buying, etc., etc. Then you asked a second question regarding yoga mats? 
Christine Day : We basically worked through late fall basically introduced the new yoga mat and we are through clearing the discounted yoga mats that we have earlier in the year. Those didn’t affect the Q3 numbers. It will show in the Q4 numbers but you will see improvement in those items as well. Then we have also taken action on the hoodies. In the stores you would have seen some special edition hoodies that came through that were premium hoodies just fairly recently that evaporated. We couldn’t keep those in stock so a very nice reintroduction of the hoodies that we had been planning which also we took those back to historical margins and offset some of the hit we have taken for increasing [zippers] but not increasing price. So through some strategic initiatives we feel very comfortable we will have all of those back on track late Q4 into Q1. 
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: We have noticed you have brought in the Sigg branded water bottles and the Manduka yoga mats into the stores. I was just curious if that was more of a couple of one-offs or if we should expect branded product to play a bigger role in the stores? 
Christine Day :  The initiative to have Manduka and to have Sigg in our stores is actually lululemon is dedicated to providing the best in the world to our guests. When the branded lines are best in the world we will offer those to our guests until we can produce something better. 
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Is the margin structure similar to your own brand? 
Christine Day :  Our own brand is actually slightly more profitable but we are responding to the guest demand. 
Sheree Waterson :  I think it is accessories in general tend to be lower so these are in line with our accessories margins. They wouldn’t be as high as our clothing margins. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: Could you talk about how the increased online presence is driving your store business? I was also curious if you could provide some insight into the comp metrics. I know you said conversion and traffic were positive. I don’t think you have traffic counters but maybe that is a comment on transactions and what happened with average unit retail in the quarter? 
Christine Day :  I will talk e-commerce first. We definitely have seen e-commerce aid traffic to the stores both in the US and Canada because we see the guests pre-shopping off of the site and then going into the stores. But then because we have a scarcity model if they can’t find it at the store they run back and get it online. So we have seen it actually work both ways and as we have created more availability of the full SKU line online. That has definitely increased the number of visits that we have and we have just recently begun sending the shoulder season of items that we maybe move more quickly through in the stores a little longer on the website at full price. That has also really driven the e-commerce business. We feel very good about the cross channel synergy that we have been able to create with that combined with what I spoke to briefly, our social media strategy online creating that community experience has also really driven the business in both the stores and online as well. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: Are there any specific examples one-off that you could provide? Like you sent out some sort of email and there was an increase commensurate in the stores? 
Christine Day :  I think we have something pretty incredible like we don’t do promotional emails. We do product notification so we will announce when we do a new drop of a product. Our click open rate on that is something incredible like 41%. We do know the guests from Facebook spend longer on our average site the total week about 20% and the number of Facebook fans we have we are the number 17 fastest growing on number of fans on Facebook. We have over 130 of our stores and showrooms have Facebook pages. We connect with over 100,000 fans daily.  When we send out those product notifications we see average increases in sales. It can drive over $6,000 in sales when we send one of those out. So since we have gone online we have about 2,000 interactions with fans on our Facebook page each week. So the number of guests directly corresponding and looking at products. It is a pretty phenomenal community reaction. 
John Currie :  Your question on transaction data, we don’t have detailed traffic count information. We don’t have conversion data. Transactions are up but we don’t have a good breakdown between traffic and conversion. Also units per transaction are slightly higher and very little of our comp store increase if any comes from pricing. As has been the case typically it is transactions. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: I had a couple of questions on the flow issue. I know you have increased your flows and I am wondering if that is putting any pressure on the distribution center or any logistic issues there or on the work flow for the teams in the stores and if that is driving up SG&A? I also wanted to ask a little bit about it seems to be a higher number of showroom openings and if that would be indicative of a plan perhaps to accelerate store openings in 2011? 
Christine Day :  I think what we want to be in a position to able to be to do is act with complete certainty and confidence against the stores that and the procurement of our number for 2011 based on the results that we have with those showrooms we are putting in place in the third quarter. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research:  Is that pressuring the SG&A line because you are opening more than we had thought you might? 
Christine Day :  In the showroom yes because that is where that shows up. I am going to let Sheree talk about the flow which is actually a good story on that side.  
Sheree Waterson :  Actually flow would bring down SG&A or any overhead because an even flow of goods allows the distribution center to actually take the goods, process them and direct them directly to the stores rather than put them up and later on have to take them and pull them down. The other thing that flow does is even out the workload for the stores and so the more predictable the flow the more liable they are to be able to properly schedule their work hours. This flow has really worked to the advantage of not only our operations but also to the guest experience because she is continually seeing new things from us and this also allows us to supply the correct sizes, colors, etc. on a more even basis. 
Christine Day :  I think the other thing that happens that I would just note, because of our ability now to forecast and to reach back farther into when the goods are shipping we can actually schedule our warehouse in DC more effectively than we have been able to in the past because they didn’t know what was coming in. Now putting in advanced allocation drop the assortment picks for the warehouse to work on over time in a future based way so we have really been able to use the system to create a tremendous amount of more efficiency at the DC. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: I was wondering how the inventory planning and flow was going in the e-commerce business. I was noticing some outages and out of stock in some products and sizes. I am just wondering, it seems like that business is ramping faster than expected and if it will be in a good inventory situation for holiday. 
Christine Day :  The reality is we do buy for that separately like a large store. It has significantly exceeded our expectations. We have also had to be chasing goods for the e-commerce. The reality that we are in is all channels are up so we are constantly shuffling inventory on a needed basis to all of the channels. That is creating outages occasionally in different items. There are also some we do buy shallowly on the more seasonal merchandise or special edition jackets, etc. that those are outside designs in limited amounts but really keeping in stock on the basics has been our focus. 
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: On the ivivva success would we maybe start to see a test of that product in the United States or some of your flagship locations in 2010? Would you consider launching the e-commerce business internationally? 
Christine Day :  We are basically planning on keeping ivivva a Canadian concept at this point in time and then we would probably next move on e-commerce and then see where the shipping is in the US and then make a determination what we think the demand is. Right now we want to stay focused on building out lululemon stores in the United States. We would consider and are building contingency plans now to turn international on but right now we do ship internationally for regular lululemon items and we have seen growing demand in that area. So we are taking a look at what would it take to do that. But right now we have some very basic functionality improvement site performance that we want to stay focused on before we add some additional complexity. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Can you tell us approximately what percentage of the consumer is made up of running and where you want to take that over the course of 2010? 
Christine Day :  Right now we are planning for running to be about 25% of our total penetration so it would be larger than the spend this year. Our yoga business is by far our most important as it still is our core. Running is just an addition and an actual extension of the technical wear that we do. So we would go from about the low teens to that 25% our current rate today is where we planning on being by early next year. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: John, the inventory position at the end of the year you said up about 20-25%. Is that per foot or is that in total? 
John Currie :  That is in total. Again I just want to give a heads up that is planned to be that way. It is not going to be a reflection of our sales pace. 
Christine Day :  That is primarily due to in-transit because we have had to pull two months worth of product forward in order to have it in time because of the closure of the factories in February. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown. 
Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown: On ivivva, what is your strategy in terms of leveraging your existing infrastructure in terms of sourcing, IT and your employee base? Then second, on the winter Olympics I know you aren’t the official sponsor but how many of the elite ambassadors do you have will be competing in the Olympics and do you have a strategy to capitalize on this event? 
Christine Day :  Not that I could tell you out loud. I think it is 18 athletes that are our elite ambassadors that would be competing in the Winter Olympics. For ivivva they have a small operating team that runs the day-to-day operations of the business and the merchandise planning. That is less than five people. Then we leverage the remaining infrastructure from the other departments. All told the impact on the business is probably 4-5 people full time. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc. 
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc. : You have really done a great job with the jackets. The lengths seem to be more democratic and flattering. I wonder what we should expect to see with your jackets over the next several quarters as far as styling and then I have a follow-up question. 
Christine Day :  Shout out to the design team for that. We spend an inordinate amount of time actually fitting our garments and we use best in the world fabrics which is one of the reasons that they fit. In terms of our silhouettes I think part of the magic going forward of our mix is going to be that we provide long silhouettes for leggings so that you can outfit long over lean. We also have shorter, more slimming jackets that look great in front of our groove pants and then we have something in between. I think it is about the mix because no woman wants to dress the same way every time for her workouts and we have found this is sort of a magic formula. In addition we provide all of the layering pieces that are just a softer line so that they get the right outfit. So that is part of the magic. 
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc. : Can you talk about your store associates? Do you have different incentive programs? Have you made any changes? Do you plan to compensate your employees who order product from the Internet or another store? Anything about that would be great. 
Christine Day :  We have enriched and created more upside in our store educator and store manager programs and really created by increasing the base for our core managers in this uncertain economic time while at the same time giving them some upside on the stretch. That has worked very well for us. For the e-commerce we are not yet integrated to the store point of sale. As you probably know that is also a complicated situation with landlords in terms of wanting a percentage of sale, etc. etc. So we have chosen to take a portion of the e-commerce sales and increase our staff rewards so they do participate in the benefit of the e-commerce business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Laura Champine – Cowen.  
Laura Champine - Cowen : A quick housekeeping, the ivivva stores are converted stores so the net new store count is one store for Q4. Is that right? 
John Currie :  In Q2 it was minus two because we closed the two Ococo stores and then we are opening…sorry, Q3 we closed those two and we are opening those two and one more ivivva in Q4. 
Laura Champine - Cowen : As we get into next year I know there are a ton of moving parts but can you tell us generally what your thinking is will gross margins be up or down? Will your SG&A rate be up or down next year versus this year? 
John Currie :  You are not looking for 2010 guidance, right? Very broadly, as we have seen the last couple of quarters our merchandise margins are getting back to their historical levels. I think we see a little bit of potential improvement as we head into 2010. Sheree talked about getting to critical mass on the run line and other things like that. I think the Canadian dollar if it continues at its current level there is a little bit of returned leverage that we lost last year that has still not flowed through. So those are the high level comments on gross margin. Of course if we are seeing a strong economy and strong sales there is of course leverage on occupancy, depreciation and other.  SG&A is maybe a tougher on. We have indicated already there is a need to invest more in store labor. You are going to see that in Q4 and that will carry on next year. Beyond that it is too early to comment on SG&A increases or investments in growth that are going to come next year. As we have addressed in a previous call, the showroom strategy will add to our SG&A as a percentage of revenue but that is just fine because it is laying the groundwork for future growth. 
Operator:  That does conclude today’s question and answer session. Now for closing remarks I would like to turn the conference back over to Christine Day. Please go ahead. 
Christine Day :  We would like to thank you all for joining us here today. We are cautiously optimistic about Q4. We look forward to our next call with all of you. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Once again this does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation.     
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company. 
Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company: Let me start by asking a little bit about your comments on the disposables business and your expectation it will return to a more normal growth pattern. First of all should we assume that is going to happen in the current quarter or do you think you have a little bit more unusual growth from H1N1? Secondly, you talked about 3-5% organic growth in the quarter. Is that what you expect it to return to? 
Andrew Krakauer :  Let me answer your second one first. We think at the moment until unemployment picks up and the dental market starts to resume its historical 3-5% growth that as we get organic growth of 3-5% in what effectively is a flat to down market that is a good rate for us on an organic basis. I think that is probably a good way of looking at our base business in healthcare disposables. As far as masks go, I would view the second quarter as likely and again I can’t be specific today. I don’t really know exactly and be a little more specific than we normally get but my best thought would be to assume we are at somewhat normal levels in the second quarter because while there is clearly some commercial business that is still being generated by some distributors, others are at full in their channel and may actually be slightly less than normal. So I prefer to think about it as a normal quarter for healthcare disposables.
Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company: You also had a really strong quarter in endoscope reprocessing. Can you give us any color on that and what you would expect going forward there? 
Andrew Krakauer :  I think in general we have continued to add resources in both sales and marketing in that business so we are getting better coverage. We have launched several new products and the sales force I think is just getting better. I don’t want to make any prediction other than I would be disappointed if we didn’t continue with at least some version of double digit growth. 
Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company: On the pickup in the gross margin you did mention mix was a big part of that. As the disposables returns to its more normalized growth pattern, what do you think is going to happen to the gross margin? 
Craig Sheldon :  I think as a general statement, we have moved our business now for awhile to where we have about 75% consumable type products, consumables and service versus 25% capital equipment. As long as the capital equipment continues to not be quite at the levels we want such as our water business, we should be able to stay relatively close to the gross profit percentage but clearly I think it is a hard statement to make that these mask sales return to more normal levels it will be hard to be at that 41 plus percent gross profit percentage. We will probably be lower than that but we still expect to be very high. We definitely have a different business model than we had several years ago. 
Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company: Any sense of when you might have the BIOSAFE mask on the market in the US? 
Andrew Krakauer :  I would say we cannot give an estimate there. We are still certainly months. Probably several months away from a submission to the FDA. Whether or not we get guidelines or not and that could take several months. The FDA is very unpredictable. It has been almost 3 years since they initially, we submitted recommendations to their guidelines for antimicrobial coatings for masks over two years ago. I don’t know the answer to that question. My guess is it is really a 2011 story, not a 2010 story as far as the US. 
Dalton Chandler – Needham & Company: A final housekeeping question, can you give us the CapEx for the quarter? 
Craig Sheldon :  CapEx for the quarter was approximately $1.4 million which is very normal by historical standards and pretty much right on the money with what we spent last year in the first quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Cohen – C.K. Cooper & Co.
Jeffrey Cohen – C.K. Cooper & Co.: I have one housekeeping question and one other question. First of on the housekeeping side, could you discuss the common shares and diluted shares for the quarter? 
Craig Sheldon :  In terms of the gross number of those shares? 
Jeffrey Cohen – C.K. Cooper & Co.: Yes. 
Craig Sheldon :  The diluted shares for the quarter were 16,768,000 and the basic shares were 16,650,000. 
Jeffrey Cohen – C.K. Cooper & Co.: The second question is for this quarter and probably for what you project for 2010 overseas sales as a percentage of gross sales. Do you expect that number to increase? I know it has been around 20% if I am not mistaken. 
Andrew Krakauer :  I would expect it to be fairly constant. I am still expecting some significant success in the U.S. which will keep the percentage where it is even as we get successful in some areas internationally. For example that pharmaceuticals business I was talking about at the moment is starting out in Europe. But I hope to see the US growing as well. I would say it is going to be pretty much the same although I do believe international growth is an opportunity. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mitra Ramgopal - Sidoti & Co.
Mitra Ramgopal - Sidoti & Co.: As you go through the next couple of years I think right now about 75 % of the business is recurring because it is consumables. Do you see that moving up materially from here? 
Andrew Krakauer :  Let me just put it this way. I would not be unhappy if we were able to grow those businesses and develop the chemistry that would start moving that number beyond 75%. On the other hand, I would not be unhappy if our equipment sales start returning to significant growth as the economic conditions around the world improve. So if everything was growing and the equipment businesses were returning and we stayed at 75% I would still [still be happy] but I think in general I see that number probably still increasing a bit. 
Mitra Ramgopal - Sidoti & Co.: You did touch on acquisitions. Looking at the balance sheet clearly you have the ability to go and finance something pretty sizeable. I don’t know if you could give us a sense of any areas or what I kind of the overall strategy is for an acquisition? 
Andrew Krakauer :  We are very actively looking for acquisitions led by Seth here. Let me just give you flavor. We are looking at several different areas. We would like to continue to add both products and service coverage in the water business plus with what we have just done with G.E.M. That is one. We are looking in general for acquisitions that could help us in our liquid chemical germicide businesses with products that can be sold throughout all the sales forces we have and all the different markets we have completed. And we also have a particular focus and are interested in companies that are in some ways related to helping us expand into the hospital business in general. So those are our big categories. 
Operator:  There appear to be no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to the speakers for any closing comments. 
Andrew Krakauer :  Again thanks everybody for listening. I look forward to speaking to everybody on our second quarter fiscal year 2010 conference call in March. Thanks again. Goodbye. 
Operator:  This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-09-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jean Fontana - ICR Christine Day - President and Chief Executive Officer John Currie - Chief Financial Officer Chip Wilson - Founder and Chairman Sheree Waterson - EVP General Merchandise Manager
Analysts: Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Edward Yruma – KeyBanc Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Laura Champine - Cowen  Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the lululemon athletica second quarter 2009 results earnings results conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the conference over to your host, Jean Fontana with ICR.
Jean Fontana: Thank you for joining lululemon athletica’s conference call to discuss second quarter fiscal 2009 results. A copy of today’s press release is available on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or alternatively as furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, and Chip Wilson, Founder and Chairman. Before we get started, I would like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to Christine Day, lululemon athletica’s Chief Executive Officer. 
Christine Day: Thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. With me today are John Currie, our CFO; and Sheree Waterson, EVP General Merchandise Manager, and Chip Wilson our Founder and Chairman. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John who will go through the financial details of the quarter, and Chip will make some closing remarks. At the halfway point of 2009 we see solid signs of recovering our business momentum. The team has done an incredible job responding to the macro environment, while positioning us to take advantage of an upward swing. As we have said before, we believe our performance continues to demonstrate the power of our brand as well as our innovative product offerings, effective market strategy, and the strength of our management team. Our comparable store sales declined 2% on a constant dollar basis which was better then the negative mid single decline we had expected and represents a nice acceleration over our first quarter performance. Over the quarter we did achieve a positive comp trend driven by increased traffic and we responded by increasing inventories by utilizing our quick turn process to deliver almost 800,000 incremental units to the summer line. We also brought forward some of our fall merchandise modules. The sell through was very quick and we saw our comps rise and fall with product deliveries. We believe that more product inventory could have resulted in a positive comp for the quarter. As stated earlier, we managed our 2009 inventory buys to a conservative outlook based on the macro environment and created the capacity to chase inventory through supply chain initiatives, flowing our inventory with better forecasting and shipping core items under a new replenishment model, color modules that could be moved either forward or backward, and a quick turn process to replenish items in two weeks to 45 days. We have also seen improved flow of goods and reduced on hand inventory at the stores and warehouse as we begin to annualize our system implementations and move beyond the basic function and into the sophisticated functionality of the merchandise management we implemented last year. With our increased confidence and our sales momentum we will rebuild our inventory levels for Q4 to create the opportunity for positive comps. Q3 will still be a transition period where demand could outstrip supply which could limit our sales upside so we’re guiding to a flat comp for the quarter. Our earnings per share of $0.13 was aided by stronger sales, improved gross margin leverage on occupancy and our ability to control our operating costs. Our hard work on building a leaner operating model is producing stronger flow through as sales momentum returns. We are very pleased with our retail business in the quarter, particularly the strong response to our expanded running, organic, cotton, and natural fiber lines. While the recession has created an environment where consumers have primarily been buying on sale, we have gained market share without resorting to mark downs and as discussed in our last call, we did not have a July clearance sales in our stores, but did hold one warehouse sales in Hamilton, Ontario. Strategically we have delivered more value to the consumer with higher quality, more technical functionality and key features, new colors and fabrics, all without increasing prices and have reduced prices on key accessories to drive traffic while increasing availability of items such as tops for layering, to standard offerings around the $50 to $70 price point. Our strong community relationships and focus on healthy life, combined with continuous flow of well designed functional, high quality merchandise, creates a justifiable purchase even to the cautious consumer. In Q4 of this year and into 2010 we are planning to see leverage in our sourcing in order to work back towards historical initial merchandise margin. Our yoga mat program was very successful in driving sales and accessories and traffic and our new mats are stronger margins at attractive price points are arriving in the stores now.  We opened two stores in the quarter, Walnut Creek in California and North Park Center in Dallas. Both stores have exceeded our expectations with strong openings. For the year we will open seven stores and two outlet stores. Moving into Q3, we have opened Woodbury Commons Outlet store and a new store in Coquitlam British Columbia. We have also entered the Phoenix market with our first store opening in the Biltmore with strong results. Last quarter we announced the launch of our ecommerce site in April. After our first quarter of operation, we are pleased to report strong sales results built with grassroots marketing via our internal social media strategies and strong retail customer base. We had over 1.5 million unique visitors to the site and an average order value of around $150. As anticipated, we are also seeing strong interest in areas where we had showrooms but no stores such as Phoenix, which gives us confidence to move forward with stores in these areas. We see our Canadian guest pre-shops the website and chooses the most convenient purchase venue, our store or website, and increasing overall traffic between the channels. The site now offers over 90% of our total SKUs so our guests can have the added convenience of being able to order almost any of our styles online. As announced last week, we will open a new concept. ivivva athletica which will focus on active young women from 6-12. We see the market opportunity in Canada in this underserved market. We will open three stores this year, two oqoqo store conversions in BC and one in Calgary, Alberta at Market Mall where the ivivva athletica store will be built out in our former lululemon site as we will relocate to a new larger location. With that now I will turn it over to John to go through the financial details of the quarter.
John Currie: I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our second quarter 2009 results and then I’ll provide our outlook for the third quarter. For the second quarter of fiscal 2009 total net revenue was $97.7 million up from revenue of $85.5 million in the second quarter of 2008. The increase in revenue was driven primarily by 24 net new corporate owned stores opened since Q2 2008. This more then offset the comparable store sales decline of 2% on a constant dollar basis and a weaker Canadian dollar which had the impact of reducing reported revenue by $8 million or 8%. During the quarter we opened two corporate owned stores and closed one location. We ended the quarter with 115 total stores versus 92 a year ago, 104 which are corporate owned and 11 which are franchises included the six operating in Australia. Our corporate owned stores represented 87% of total sales or $85.1 million versus 92% in the second quarter last year or $78.3 million. Franchise and other revenues which includes wholesale, showrooms, outlets, warehouse sales, and now ecommerce sales, totaled $12.6 million or the remaining 13% of total revenue for the second quarter. Ecommerce contributed $2.8 million in this its first full quarter of operations.  Gross profit for the second quarter was $45.2 million or 46.2% of net revenue compared to $44.4 million or 51.9% of net revenue in Q2 2008. The factors contributing to this 570 basis point decline were largely the same as those impacting the gross margin in Q1 versus a year ago, including 260 basis points from the negative impact on product costs associated with the weakening of the Canadian dollar versus the second quarter 2008, 140 basis points from occupancy and depreciation de-leverage, and 350 basis points from a combination of strategic pricing initiatives as we discussed on the call last quarter, costs to air freight from our suppliers, coupled with the use of higher cost quick turn strategies, both designed to provide products to meet higher sales demand. Lastly, we annualized some duty rebates which increased gross margin in Q2 2008. These were partially offset by 180 basis points of leverage gained from a reduction in costs associated with our production design merchandising and distribution departments. These factors impacted gross margin less then in Q1 of this year where you may recall they reduced our gross margin by more then 1,000 basis points to 42.8%. This sequential quarter to quarter improvement of 340 basis points came primarily from fixed costs leverage gained from our stronger sales performance in Q2. SG&A expenses were $30.8 million or 31.6% of net revenue compared to $28.8 million or 33.7% of net revenue for the same period last year. Our non-corporate store SG&A was higher this quarter compared to the second quarter of 2008 due to the ecommerce launch and operating expenses associated with higher revenue in our other channels. We also incurred approximately $1.5 million in one time expenses associated with the following: $1 million in legal costs associated with lease cancellation and various employment related legal matters, and $500,000 in increased depreciation related to the retirement of legacy IT systems which have now been replaced. These expenses were offset by cost savings at our stores and at our store support center through labor, distribution, and logistic efficiencies combined with reduced discretionary expenses. In addition, the weaker Canadian dollar reduced reported Canadian SG&A costs by approximately $2 million. Operating income for the second quarter was $14.3 million or 14.7% of net revenue, compared to $15.5 million or 18.2% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense was $5.1 million for the second quarter or a rate of 35.6% versus 21.7% last year. Last year our tax rate was low due to the recognition of tax savings associated with the US companies NOL from prior periods. This quarter our tax expense was higher then our expected rate of 34% which is an estimate based on a blend of our statutory tax rates applicable in Canada and the US. A higher then expected portion of our income this quarter came from our US operations which are subject to higher tax rates then in Canada. Net income was $9.2 million or $0.13 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $11.1 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2008. Discontinued operations negatively impacts second quarter 2008 earnings by $1.2 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 70.4 million the same as a year ago. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, we continue to generate strong positive cash flow and have a healthy working capital position and no debt. We ended the second quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling $83.8 million. Inventory at the end of the second quarter was $46.5 million down $5.5 million or 11% from $52.1 million at the end of our fiscal 2008. The $3.1 million or 7% higher compared to the $43.4 million at the end of the second quarter 2008.  Although our total inventory is higher our average inventory per square foot has declined 22% year over year as we added 24 net new stores since Q2 2008. As Christine mentioned, we planned our inventory conservatively to be aligned with the economic climate at the start of the year as we saw demand outpace supply. We began to take some tactical steps towards building more inventory and readjusting in-flows for later in the year. Capital expenditures were $3 million in the second quarter resulting from new store build outs, existing store renovations and IT capital expenditures. Now I’ll turn to our outlook for third quarter 2009. This guidance assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.90 US compared to an average exchange rate of $0.91 in Q3 2008. For the third quarter 2009 we expect comparable store sales will run relatively flat on a constant dollar basis compared to the third quarter of last year. As Christine mentioned, we currently plan to open a total of seven stores during the fiscal year with four of these openings in the third quarter. We anticipate revenue for Q3 to be in the range of $95 to $100 million. Overall we expect a similar gross margin in Q3 to that of Q2. Merchandise margins are expected to improve with the change over to our fall product mix but higher occupancy costs as a percentage of sales related to new stores opening during the quarter and those scheduled to open in Q4 will contribute to de-leverage on occupancy costs. We’ll also continue to incur air freight and quick churn costs to pull product forward to meet higher demand. For the third quarter of 2009 we expect SG&A to continue to benefit from our operating efficiencies. This will be offset by pre-opening expenses related to Q3 and Q4 lululemon and ivivva store openings. We expect earnings per share in the range of $0.11 to $0.13 per share for the quarter. This assumes a tax rate of 35% and 70.6 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. With that I’ll turn it over to Chip.
Chip Wilson: In summary, we love the direction of our business and we have a high degree of confidence in our business model. We offer a high quality innovative product in unique stores and ecommerce environment that excites the needs of our fitness and health conscious customers. We will continue to innovate and develop our offerings and enhance infrastructure and maximize real estate opportunities which combine to keep our customers and shareholders excited about lululemon athletica. Our performance demonstrates we are on the right track and our strategy as we grow our company for the long term success. Now I’m going to pass it on to the amazing, Christine Day.
Christine Day: With that we’ll make it open for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us some color on some of the key drivers of the sales improvement that you’re seeing outside of the accessories category. Also any sense of magnitude in terms of how much more aggressive you’re getting on inventory in third quarter to position for fourth quarter.
Christine Day: On the first one, we saw tremendous response to our running line. Our shorts were just flying out the window and so we were very excited about that, and I think that made us very competitive about all the layering pieces for running and that’s what we see really driving the business as well as the yoga line continues to be incredibly strong for us.  Accessories do continue to drive sales and traffic but I think in general we’re excited about is our community work that we’ve been doing has really been driving awareness as well as our social media, we really believe we’ve gotten a lift into the stores from ecommerce as well as traffic to ecommerce that’s given us a lot more presence and awareness on the internet which we think has driven sales with people pre-shopping and going in both in Canada and the States. I think what we’re most excited about is traffic and then people have really just been responding well to our product. Inventory wise, we’re working with the factories. It takes a while to rebuild your inventories and make sure that you have the time with the factories to do that given the time length it takes. With our overall cycle being somewhere in the neighborhood of the eight months, so we’ve been rebuilding with them and that’ll happen more in Q4 then in Q3. Q3 will still be deploying quick turn process which will allow us to get additional product in which will be somewhat situational, we’ll look at what selling and bring in that product. We have increased our base cloth so we’ll have basics available. What we said for Q3 that basically we expect it will still be flat because we did plan the business down for the year. Even chasing just gets us back to a flat situation until Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: I was hoping for some more details on your secondary line, what kind of price points we should expect, which categories you expect to be prominent there and will you develop a new logo or use the lulu logo for this?
Chip Wilson: Can you repeat the question for me?
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: I wanted to hear a little bit more about ivivva, what categories you expect to be prominent in the stores, how you expect to price and if you think you’ll put a new logo on the products or use the lulu logo?
Chip Wilson: It’ll definitely be an entirely different concept from the same marketing. The price will be about 30% less and we may even price by size so that the upper size of the 6-12 year olds doesn’t compete with the lululemon size 0 and size 2. Basically where lululemon is more of a yoga running line, this will be more about gymnastics, dance, driven maybe even equestrian type of influence. In the long run I think we’ll end up moving into the softer lines for that group because that’s the big volume but not very fashionable. The logos are different. You recognize a lot of the reasons that the logo works for lululemon and I won’t go into details because I don’t want to tell anyone. After looking at that for 10 years we’ve developed a different logo for ivivva that will specifically for the 6-12 year old market.
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Any update on new store opening target for 2010?
Christine Day: At this point in time we plan on still continuing with what we disclosed last quarter which is around a 15 range. We feel comfortable that’s probably the right rebuild into the marketplace allowing our existing stores to continue to build plus citing additional new stores. We are very encouraged with the results of our strong store openings in the last quarter, which we think is very exciting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you run through some of the store metrics behind the comp how is traffic running, transactions versus average ticket and also what you saw improve during the quarter which of those metrics sounds like it might be transactions but if you could confirm that. Also just wondering if the ecommerce business is adding or dragging on earnings right now, if so, by how much?
John Currie: In terms of the comp drivers as has always been the case pricing we haven’t done much with so the driver is really traffic. Not a material change in terms of average unit retail of basket, pretty similar, the comp has just been driven by the return of traffic. In terms of ecommerce, as you’ll recall it’s an outsourced model for the most part so a lot of the costs are variable. We have very little internal G&A; we pay a variable fee to the supplier. Therefore it is accretive, it is profitable.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Any color that you can give on the US versus Canadian trend and regional differences within the US?
Christine Day: I think we’re very encouraged by the overall results that we’re seeing. As we opened the North Park store in Dallas which historically had been one of our more challenged markets, as we’ve talked about before, sequencing our real estate strategy making sure that we’re opening in the right areas first when we hit our target demographics. We certainly did that in the North Park shopping center, saw an overall lift to the Dallas market, that combined with a lot of the operational attention we’ve paid to that market. Very encouraged even in our underperforming marketing about the rebound. I think surprisingly making sure that in California or some of the economically distressed areas we’ve actually seen very strong business there as well, and seeing recovery across all the markets in the US. Canada has continued to be strong for us.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: From a big picture perspective on that down two constant currency can you talk which of the Canadian stores versus US performed better?
John Currie: As you know, we don’t break it out in that much detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yruma – KeyBanc
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Can you talk about the performance of your new outlet store and if you’ve had to rethink your outlet strategy given your constraint on inventory?
Christine Day: No. The reason that we’ve always chosen to really what’s going to be a four corners strategy, we’ll have one ultimately in the four corners of the US so we can move product out quickly and efficiently. We very definitely say that it is our clearance merchandise; we do not buy for that channel. What’s available is what’s available which is why we report it in other and not included in our comp base or in our retail sales.  It really is just designed to clear merchandise as we need to so that we can maintain our full price strategy in the stores. It’s worked very well for us and then as you know, in Canada we use the warehouse sales and very pleased with our response that there are marketing activity as much as they are anything else to our loyal guests in Canada. We feel very comfortable with our outlet strategy and the fact that we’ve been moving more products through at full price.
Edward Yruma – KeyBanc: Can you also talk about the expenses associated with your new second concept and how significantly that will weigh on the back half results?
John Currie: There will be some G&A incurred for opening. It’ll be using round numbers less then $0.5 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: On the sales trends, did you see acceleration in both markets sustain as the quarter unfolded or were there inventory constraints that you can call out that may have inhibited the comps as the quarter unfolded?
Christine Day: We did see both markets respond very strongly. We probably starved the US a little bit more because of the sales trends being lower there. We definitely see that increased traffic there we could have done a better job with product in the US. That said we were very pleased with the sales and results that we’ve seen there. As we said, we’re going to lean into it and believe that we have positive momentum there. What we really saw was when we delivered fresh new product in we saw positive comps the days that it arrived and as soon as it ran out we went back to kind of a flat. We believe that with more product we could have hit a positive comp for the quarter.
John Currie: As you know, we don’t give monthly comps but there was a definite trend. It started off okay early in the quarter, gained momentum in the middle of the quarter and then we started running thin on product towards the end.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Now that your cost structure is lower, can you give us an idea of the kind of SG&A leverage we could expect as we go forward say if comps turned positive, could we see some significant leverage or do you think that you’ll have to start spending more to keep the business growing? How should we be thinking about the SG&A line going forward?
John Currie: As you know, we’re still running at lower sales levels then we had been and our existing G&A has the capacity to end our higher volumes. Having said that, as we look forward to renewing growth we will opportunistically add strength to the team as required. It’s a difficult answer to give you a very precise number on but still invest in renewed growth.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: A lot of the price is coming from the occupancy de-leverage so I’m wondering can you, what is the inflection point on comps to neutralize that de-leverage effect? In other words, the comps have to be up 3% in order to get the de-leverage to neutralize.
John Currie: All else being equal it’s in that 3% plus or minus range.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: When you talk about sourcing better and improved systems which should enable margins to expand, I was wondering do you see in the future your product margins moving back to where they have historically been.
Christine Day: Yes, and I think we’re very close now expect for some of the investments we’ve made in organic and some of the pricing decisions that we made. We stated earlier that we’d be working through those coming into the fall. Really starting in the fall and into early next year at this point in time we see us getting back on track early next year will all those changes that we’ve made we’ll regain the leverage in those categories. We’re very confident in our ability to manage initial gross margin on the markup. Of course the second part of that is the leverage. As we see sales momentum returning we’ll also see recovery on that.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Of the 15 stores that are opening next year or planned to open next year, are they all lulu stores or will some of the girls stores be included in that as well?
Chip Wilson: That’s just lululemon. At this time the ivivva stores we’re doing the three and then we’ll see how those do and we’ll decide on growth after that.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: There may be more ivivva stores but that’s not slated at this time?
Christine Day: We just want to be clear, our primary focus is lululemon and we see tremendous growth opportunity. In lululemon we saw an attractive market opportunity developing and we took advantage of it with some real estate that we were transitioning anyways. We don’t want to be distracted, we do see it as a viable business opportunity that will be healthy and profitable but our main focus is still lululemon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: I wanted to talk through a little bit the inventory issues that arose as the second quarter went on and how you’re looking forward to the holidays. Maybe if you could give us some more color on what kind of upside you’re building to for the fourth quarter? How much of this momentum are you preparing yourselves to capture. From a cost perspective are there any incremental costs that will be associated with the catching up process that you’re going through at this point.
John Currie: What you’re already seeing, you saw in Q2, and it’s in our guidance for Q3 and to some extent Q4 is the cost of catching up, air freight and utilizing our quick turn strategies there are costs associated with that, hopefully diminishing later in the year and certainly into next year. That continues to be a factor. In terms of how much upside, that would almost constitute guidance.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: You’re in an interesting position because your sales trends have started to improve. Essentially you’re going to have to make a bet as to how you want to plan for the inventories for the holidays or how are you assessing the risk of maybe building inventories to capture upside versus inventory obsolescence if you can give us some insight into the thought process.
Christine Day: Let me talk about the thought process without giving guidance because John will kick me under the table if I try to do that. What we’ve done is we’ve increased orders for Q4 and we’ve done it in what we think are the healthiest products. Historically we’ve run out of running in the December, for gift giving which typically most people start training in January for the marathons and the running season.  What we’ve done is we’ve decided to bring those modules that we had for the first set which we were planning on doing earlier in January into the December period so that we have that product available to draw and if sales momentum doesn’t materialize we can move the running products back into that January. It will increase our inventories in the December period but we feel it’s a very low risk strategy because it’s still fresh and our highest demand product that we have.
Sheree Waterson: I’m really pleased because of the supply chain planning that we’ve done that we’ve been actually able to backfill into Q4 so that we can approach a healthier situation which we think will be closer to the increased demand that we’re seeing. Also as Christine said, we have running modules that we’ve actually planned to bring in, in December so our mix is looking healthier then it has before. I’m really pleased with the response that we’ve been actually able to have. Finally, we have a gift giving strategy in Q4 that we plan for that is different then what we’ve done in the past that should assist not only our inventories but meeting some of the demand that we left on the table prior.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: When should we start to see the inventories build, will that start happening towards the end of the third quarter, or is it really going to be more November.
John Currie: Yes, you’ll see higher per square foot or however you want to measure it, you’ll see higher inventories Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: You talked about returning to historic merchandise margins. What can you do with reported gross margins, where can you get back to if currency is stable at these levels? I’m assuming that you probably can’t get back to historic levels of reported gross margin with currency at these levels or can you? Where are you planning currency in your Q3 assumptions? Then I also have a question about the 15 stores you plan to open next year. Can you talk about which markets you’ll be addressing?
John Currie: In terms of talking about gross margin we should break into the buckets as Christine mentioned we still expect to get back to our traditional merchandise margin by 2010. Currency, in Q1 it was the biggest impact and as you’ll recall it was over 300 basis points negative to our gross margin. The Canadian dollar has rebounded about half of what it lost.  Even though you didn’t see that come through immediately in Q2 that’s because it takes an inventory turn to show the benefit. If the Canadian dollar stayed at $0.90 again its half way back from where it was so you’d think we’d gain back 150 basis points from what we lost in Q1 which was the 300. Again, you saw very, very little of that coming through in Q2. The last piece is the occupancy and depreciation it comes back with volume, it also comes back as we sign new leases at more attractive lease rates relative to revenue targets. That will come back over time.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: Where are you planning it for 3Q, what’s your assumption?
John Currie: The guidance assumes the Canadian dollar is at $0.90, it is where it was last year.
Christine Day: We will primarily focus on continued infill our strongest markets and still pretty much a costal strategy. We’ve got a lot of opportunity filling in, in the Northeast corridor which we’ll focus on, as well as the Northwest. You won’t see us stretching into too many new markets next year. We’ll continue feeding those markets as we have in the past but really hitting the demand and the higher volume, higher density markets will be our strategy for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown
Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown: Can you tell us what sales per square foot were this quarter versus a year ago? How many ambassadors are you up to? With ivivva, if it is a success do you plan to add the brand to the existing lulu stores or create stand alone stores and what do you think could be the potential target of stores?
John Currie: On the sales per square foot, in the comp base the sales per square foot this quarter were $1,328 per square foot. I actually don’t have last year’s number in front of me.
Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown: Would it be higher or lower then last year?
John Currie: I’m guessing that’s a bit lower, which you’d expect even without the economic downturn because we’ve added so many new stores in newer markets.
Christine Day: For the ivivva, as Chip stated it’s absolutely a stand alone concept. We are not into mommy and me mini outfits, against lululemon. We don’t see it being integrated into our existing store line in any way, shape or form. It really has its own strategy. We do see it a little bit more mall based as opposed to the stand alone street concepts that we have with lululemon. Again, run very separately with its own strategy for stand alone success in the marketplace addressing that target guest, compared to lululemon which has its own strategy as well.
Barbara Gray – Odlum Brown: The number of ambassadors you’re at now?
Christine Day: I don’t know the number off the top of my head. We have been growing the number of ambassadors across as well as increasing the amount of yoga classes we offer. We’ll have to get back to you with that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: On gross margin, the piece of the decline related to the strategic price reductions you guys took, is that just carry over from what you did in the first quarter, did you take any other price or anything new in the second quarter?
John Currie: No, it’s really just a continuation of the same strategy which was give or take 200 basis points of the decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine - Cowen 
Laura Champine - Cowen : Using the 10-Q that you published this morning it looks like your ecommerce business must be almost grotesquely profitable. Am I reading that right with your operating margin from your other division and is that a sustainable level of profitability?
John Currie: Ecommerce is a very high margin even through we had a healthy payment to our outsourcing partner. It is a healthy margin to ecommerce.
Christine Day: Remember we don’t allocate any internal costs to that they’re all borne in our retail unit, at the operating margin level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Given the sales trends showing such nice signs of improvement how do you see your customer changing, whether its age, frequency, men’s business, and the difference between ecommerce and retail? As you think about long term operating margin potential of the business given the new cost structure that you have and what’s been going on in the real estate world, how do you see it, is this a 25% operating margin business in the future, how do you look to it?
Christine Day: We see just generally increased traffic. We see the guests relatively staying the same as we’ve discussed in the past and I think that’s the strength of the fact that we’ve trued up our real estate strategy width. Our guest strategy and who we attract and when so I think we’re seeing a nice cross section of our target guests plus building that bandwidth guest that we’ve talked about in the past. Generally growing in appeal and awareness through our community efforts. That’s what we’re excited about is it does have strong appeal but we’re staying right in that target guest that we’ve been looking for which we think is the healthiest for the brand.
John Currie: In terms of operating margin, I’m glad you said long term because I don’t want to give nearer term guidance. Over time certainly we see the gross margin potential getting back over 50%. I think we hit a high of about 53%. In excess of 50% over time is possible. With SG&A leverage we do think if you ignore growth expenditures this continues to be a business that can be in excess of 20% operating margin. From that of course you deduct what you spend on growth. Our targets are to run at a 20% operating margin which is really what we’ve always targeted.
Christine Day: You also asked about ecommerce, what we’re seeing there is we’re tracking unique new guests plus loyal guests and both in ecommerce and in the stores we see our most loyal guest shops us weekly and she’s always popping in for what’s new. I think that’s the other thing we’re pretty excited about is we see tremendous loyalty once somebody adopts the product, they really stay with us and becomes a big part of their wardrobe which is very exciting for us.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Do you see introducing new categories over the next year or making some categories bigger or smaller?
Christine Day: Clearly running has become enormous for us. We do see making more of the pipe growing in that direction but really staying focused on the healthy yoga business which for us is the big end we have to stay focused on that core market. We’re seeing really nice response to the organic lines so I think that gives us both the yin and yang of yoga meaning that we have the soft kind of natural line plus we have the high performance line and that’s been really well responded to and brought back a lot of things the traditional yoga shopper to us which has really strengthened that line.  We definitely see both of those platforms continuing to be our mainstay and I don’t think we need a lot of innovation to entice people in other then the work we’re doing with style function and design within those product lines. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: I was impressed with the ability to chase, to replenish as sales started to accelerate. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more insight in how that works. Obviously there were some air freight costs involved but could you describe more about perhaps piece goods that were in reserve or production time that was made available how you were able to respond to the market, accelerate your response time, and your inventory turns. Obviously a key facility this quarter and probably going forward.
Sheree Waterson: We’re really pleased again with the speed that you just mentioned that we were able to respond to our demand. There is no speed without planning and so what we’ve done with our manufacturers is done some really smart raw materials planning so that we could rapidly turn out of Asia as well as looked at some core strategies where we’re actually able to have garments that are readily available to pull at any point. In addition to that we actually have a local strategy here where we’re producing some goods in Canada. With all these things running in parallel and our ability to pull forward these modules that Christine has talked about has allowed us to really respond.
Operator: There appears to be no additional questions at this time. I’ll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Christine Day: Thanks everybody for joining us this morning and we’re very excited about our business momentum and I think our positioning in the overall market and the way that we’ve been able to hold on to the values of the organization and to really build our business in a time that was very challenging for most retailers and very optimistic because of that as the future of the company.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-06-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Christine Day – President & CEO John Currie – CFO Sheree Waterson – EVP & General Merchandise Manager. Jean Fontana - ICR 
Analysts:  Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners  Laura Champine - Cowen And Company  Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets  Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse  Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.  
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today’s lululemon athletica first quarter 2009 results earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Jean Fontana of ICR. Please go ahead.
Jean Fontana: Good morning. Thank you for joining lululemon athletica’s conference call to discuss first quarter fiscal 2009 results. A copy of today’s press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or, alternatively, as furnished on Form 8-K with the SEC and available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Christine Day, lululemon athletica’s Chief Executive Officer.
Christine Day: Thank you Jean and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results. With me today are John Currie, our CFO; and Sheree Waterson, EVP General Merchandise Manager. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John who will go through the financial details of the quarter.  We continue to manage for long-term brand expansion while delivering against our short-term commitments. Given the troubled outlook for the economy at the time we entered 2009, we are pleased to state that we achieved $0.09 of earnings per share for the quarter. We are also pleased with our current pace of our business and with our ability to continue to bring our customers through the doors to make full priced purchases.  For the quarter our constant dollar comp declined 8% remaining at the same level as the fourth quarter of 2008 and slightly ahead of our forecast. We successfully launched our ecommerce site ahead of schedule with our mock launch on April 1st, April’s Fool’s Day, and a live launch on April 14th.  We achieved an operating margin of 12.1% despite the comp store sales decline through effective comp controls and increased efficiencies. We also saw revenue stabilize and even begin to improve over the quarter and are continuing on that trend.  Given our high level of productivity and the strong double-digit same store sales we produced a year ago, we see our Q1 sales trend as a small victory and believe it reflects the resiliency of our brand and validates our position in the marketplace.  While encouraged by these results this will not change the way we operate the business this year or cause us to review the cautionary lens through which we are viewing 2009. Looking at real estate we continue to see attractive real estate opportunities in North America. During the past six months we have also worked hard on our real estate strategy and three key initiatives; reducing our initial store investment and occupancy costs, reducing our store operating expense, and refining our inventory set and flow.  Our new store in Walnut Creek, California, opened in late May reflecting the successful of these initiatives and we are confident that we can grow profitably with our new stores. Looking at our business in retail, sales trends continue to improve and overall consumer response to our brand remains strong with new product in our running category and bright colors driving sales.  In the US, we are on track to open five stores this fiscal year and we are working on one to two additional stores that could fall into this fiscal year if the leases are signed and we receive construction permits on time.  We have closed a temporary [inaudible] in April, and will open a Woodbury Commons outlet in late summer. We will open one new market this year with Phoenix opening in August. In Canada, we have had strong support from our landlord’s in our renewal process and are on track to complete the renewals on favorable terms.  We will open one additional store in Canada in fiscal year 2009. As I mentioned we launched ecommerce in April, which was about six months ahead of schedule. As with our previous April Fool’s Day, this year we launched a mock site on April 1st complete with retro’s 1980’s web design techniques, that delighted our guests and the tech community.  We have gathered a tremendous number of names and email addresses from the [prior] marketing of the April 1st site. Sales in the US have been particularly strong and we’ve had a small but steady international customer base.  We have also reached into our past online version of our Shop Nude campaign to preregistered guests from our stores for this site. We are proud of our execution and launch of our site and extremely pleased with the initial response, even though we opened with a limited assortment to ensure this launch.  Our site gives and enormous opportunity to extend our reach to a much broader market. We now have 80% of our SKUs on the site and we will have 90% by early July. For 2009 we continue to expect the site to have minimal impact on earnings.  Strategically we have focused on [cycling] our execution both in the stores as to our system implementations while also making investments in innovation and responding to the consumers’ concerns.  We see the current market conditions and the opportunities to increase our points of differentiation, solidify a strong manufacturing base, and grow our market share. With this in mind we have made some key decisions to take some actions to compress our gross margin in the short-term but provide long-term growth opportunities.  Let me give you a few examples, first rather then simply pursue cost decreases, we have focused on securing space in the best factories to produce high quality goods at competitive pricing, with priority service to support our quick turn flow of goods.  While we may pay more up front on some items, this will reduce our inventory on hand while allowing us to respond quickly to market demand. Next we are also expanding our organic cotton and natural fabric lines. Our initial purchases were not large enough to achieve our historically strong margin.  We have decided to price the line initially to offer the consumer more choices at the right price point, choosing not to price based on short-term profiting model. We are confident that our sourcing strategy will yield strong margins for these items in 2010.  Another example where we decided to price for market share is in our yoga mat as well as our other yoga accessories. We lowered the price of our best selling yoga mat to $28.00 from $54.00 in order to solidify our positioning as the leading yoga retail and lifestyle destination.  We believe it is working as planned as our sales in accessories are up over 40%. And finally in keeping with our strategy of producing beautiful, functional garments that last a long time, we have increased the quality of the sundries such as [inaudible] on several key items without passing through the added costs.  This will result in better quality and longer life of the garment as well as decreases in defective returns, all of which should continue to enhance our brands. We are confident that no competitor can offer garments of similar quality, function, or design at our price points.  As I said these are strategic decisions we are willing to make for the long-term good of the business. For 2010 we are planning to see leverage in our sourcing and we’ll also have refined some of the fabric and trim we are using in order to work back towards our historical initial merchandise margins.  In summary we feel very good about the continued enhancements we are making to our brand, product, infrastructure, and execution of our retail expansion. Also in today’s marketplace we see two continuing consumer ideals emerging. The first is that quality, functionality, and beauty are the new luxury.  And the second is that health, community, friends, and family are the new wealth. We believe our business model is perfectly positioned to excel in meeting these emerging needs. And with that I’ll turn it over to John. 
John Currie : Thanks Christine, I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our first quarter 2009 results and then I’ll provide our outlook for the second quarter.  As a reminder comparable 2008 figures have been restated to reflect the reclassification of our Japan operations, the discontinued operations which happened in Q2 of last year. So for the first quarter of fiscal 2009 total net revenues were $81.7 million, up from revenue of $77 million in the first quarter of 2008. We opened in our Australia joint venture in April, but no new corporate owned stores were opened during the quarter. The increase in revenue from new stores opened over the past year more then offset the comparable store sales decline of 80% on a constant dollar basis and a weaker Canadian dollar which had the impact of reducing reported revenue by $11.3 million or 12.1%. At the end of Q1 there were 67 stores in our comp store base, 37 of those in Canada and 30 in the United States. Our corporate owned stores represented 89% of total sales or $72.9 million versus 90% of total sales in the first quarter last year or $69.4 million.  Franchise and other revenues which includes wholesale, phone sales, showrooms, outlets, warehouse sales, and now ecommerce sales, totaled $8.8 million for the remaining 11% of total revenue for the first quarter.  We ended the quarter with 114 total stores versus 85 a year ago, 103 which are corporate owned and 11 which are franchises including the six operating in Australia. Gross profit for the first quarter was $34.9 million or 42.8% of net revenue, as compared to $41.1 million or 53.4% of net revenue for the same period last year.  As we anticipated heading into this quarter the majority of the decline was due to the negative impact on product costs associated with the weakening of the Canadian dollar versus the first quarter of 2008, combined with the deleveraging on occupancy and depreciation expense due to lower productivity on new stores, and lower comparable store sales.  These two factors were outlined in our guidance and together accounted for approximately 760 basis points of the decline. The remainder of the decline resulted from a combination of factors including with the addition since last February of factory outlets in the US store base, we’re realizing a steadier pace of discounting earlier in the year compared to last year, a true up of our shrink reserve to adjust for the result of inventory counts during the quarter, and as mentioned by Christine, the pressure on margins from strategic pricing decisions.  SG&A expenses were $25.1 million or 30.7% of net revenue, compared to $29.2 million or 37.9% of net revenue for the same period last year. As a reminder for the first quarter of 2008 we recorded $1.9 million in certain one-time charges related to management changes including severance expenses, executive search fees, as well as the accelerated investing in performance-based options.  Even excluding these charges SG&A improved by 470 basis points. We attribute the remaining improvement in SG&A to efficiencies in labor management, both in stores and at our store support center, together with reduced discretionary expenses through the continued execution of the company’s overall cost reduction plans implemented in Q4 of 2008, improved distribution in logistics efficiency, and finally the weaker Canadian dollar also reduced reported SG&A costs reducing SG&A by approximately $2.7 million.  Operating income for the first quarter was $9.9 million or 12.1% of net revenue, compared to $11.9 million or 15.5% of net revenue a year ago. Tax expense was $3.4 million for the first quarter or a rate of 34.4% versus 30.7% last [year].  Net income from continuing operations was $6.5 million or $0.09 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $8.5 million or $0.12 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2008. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 70.3 million versus 71.7 million for the same period last year.  Turning the key balance sheet highlights, we continue to operate with a healthy cash and working capital position and no debt. We ended the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling $59.3 million. Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $44.6 million, down $7.4 million or 14.3% from the end of our fiscal 2008 and down $10.4 million or 18.9% from the end of Q1 2008. We were conservative with the timing of our delivery and were therefore under inventoried at the end of the quarter due to better then expected first quarter sales. As a result we were air freighting some product shipments in Q2 in order to catch up.  Capital expenditures were $2.3 million in the first quarter resulting from existing store renovation and IT capital expenditures. Now I want to turn to our outlook for the second quarter of 2009.  This guidance assumes a Canadian dollar at $0.85 US, reflecting the recent strengthening over the $0.80 experienced in Q1. So for the second quarter 2009, we expect comparable store sales will run in the negative mid single-digits range on a constant dollar basis.  We currently remain committed to opening six stores in the year with one in the second quarter, this being the Walnut Creek store opened in late May. We anticipate reported revenue in Q2 to be in the range of $85 million to $90 million.  Overall we expect a similar gross margin profile in Q2 to that of Q1 with some minor differences. Gross margin will again be impacted by deleverage on occupancy and depreciation, foreign exchange, and strategic price initiatives discussed by Christine.  Deleverage from occupancy and depreciation should be slightly less then in Q1 due to the more modest sales decline expected, however in order to meet these higher sales we’ve incurred additional costs to air freight products from our suppliers.  Even though the Canadian dollar has strengthened since the beginning of the quarter, the favorable impact on gross margin will lag on average one or even two quarters until product purchased at the more favorable exchange rates runs through cost of goods sold.  For the second quarter of 2009 we expect SG&A to continue to benefit from our more efficient cost structure and labor management, as well as foreign currency translation. As I mentioned even though there’s a tiny lag in the gross margin benefit from the recent strengthening of the Canadian dollar, the impact on SG&A is immediate and therefore the recent move up from $0.80 US will result in less of a reduction in reported SG&A in Q2 then we saw in Q1. So overall operating margin will likely be slightly lower then in Q1. As Christine mentioned we view the product margin decline as a strategic decision to forgo margin this year in order to build market share and loyalty in the current economy.  With better then expected same store sales we’re confident the strategy is working even though it exacerbates the margin pressure. As we’ve [sourced in] for 2010 we’re building in higher margin on the same goods that are dragging down our margins this year, primarily through volume discounts and negotiated pricing and in isolated cases, adjusted retail pricing.  Overall we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.08 to $0.09 per share for the quarter. This assumes a tax rate of 34% and 70.5 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Based on our current expectations of six new stores, with one or two possible additions, we expect capital expenditures in the mid [teen] millions for the full year, including renovation capital for existing stores, IT, and other head office capital.  With that I’ll turn it back to Christine. 
Christine Day : Thank you John, I just want to point out a couple of other things going forward in promotional activity, last year you remember at the end of June we added a cycle of promotional discount sales to clear the summer goods. Because we’ve had the outlet centers clearing, we’ve seen that timing pulled forward, we will not be executing that level of sale at the end of this quarter due to stronger inventory management and the fact that our clearance strategy is working.  And then the [Sawgrass] closure, we cleared the merchandise out of that store at additional discount rather then move or hold the inventory which put a little pressure on the quarter but with the timing of the Woodbury opening in late summer, we feel that we’ve actually addressed in a very healthy way the gross margin and discounting to clear goods during the period.  So as I said we will continue to follow through with our plans for 2009 which will include planning the business with an emphasis on strengthening our competitive differentiation, improving cost efficiencies, and prudently allocating capital to provide us with the strongest possible financial position while executing a multi talent growth strategy now that our ecommerce site has been successfully launched.  So we’ll now take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the magnitude of impact to gross margin from the pricing initiatives versus the outlet clearance strategy and then just to clarify the fact that you’re seeing more of the discounting evenly throughout the year should that mean something better for gross margin when we get towards the fourth quarter. 
Christine Day : To answer the second part of your question first, yes, because what’s happening now is that we are selling more full priced merchandise at our stores, sweeping them to the outlets and having less, we had two end of kind of the quarter clearance periods, one in July, on in January. And we’re not seeing the need to do the July one this year because of the way that we’ve been managing the business through the outlet strategy. 
John Currie : On your first question about the strategic pricing, in the gross margin compression, other then foreign currency, occupancy, and depreciation we’re looking at about 300 basis points of impact. And in the pricing decisions were a half or maybe a little over half of that. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: And then also on the gross margin lag from currency, it seemed as we looked last year at the currency impact to gross margin flowed through relatively quickly with the fourth quarter hit that you took from currency, so is there something that’s changing there in terms of how long it takes the product to flow through, how long you’re ordering it before you sell it, or is it just something that I’m just reading in what happened in fourth quarter of last year. 
John Currie : I guess the best way to answer it is number one the currency has moved quickly and it really, the impact is very hard to measure because its, the flow of product coming in compared to the timing of the currency shift, so its very, very difficult to give clarity on exactly the impact.  For example in this quarter, in the month of May, the Canadian dollar rose something like 12%, so its very difficult to measure the impact on this quarter, next quarter, depends how much core that we already had that we’re selling through so again nothing has changed.  What I’m describing is intuitive because the favorable impact in cost of sales until we sell those goods but it would be difficult to give you more precise clarity on what I’m indicating going forward versus exactly what happened at the end of last year. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: And then just the improvement in sales trend, was it disproportionate at all between Canada and the US.
Christine Day: No, I think that’s the thing we feel the best about is that we’ve seen it in both countries and we’ve particularly seen it in the new stores that we’ve opened last year in the non comps as well so we feel really pleased with how the consumer is responding to our product right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America: Just wanted to take a little bit of a longer view and talk about what you think the ideal store-opening pace will be once we start to see the real estate market loosen up and the consumer get better.
Christine Day : I think where we’d like to be is at a pace probably around 15 and then maybe up to 25 and that’s strategically what we’re planning right now. We see a lot of opportunity with hitting the market early with the showroom and stimulating demand for ecommerce. And we’ve seen that really working for us right now even in today’s environment as a much surer way.  I think where we want to be strategically is in a demand model for our store where we’re really confident when we put the store in we’ve stimulated the demand. And I think with ecommerce, the showroom, that we actually have [inaudible] as a competitive situation that we would otherwise worry about allowing us to grow each store and place it in the right way.  And we’ve preferred to really work off of our real estate strategy rather then just be opportunistic and very confident in the work that we’ve done identifying the 300 stores and that’s actually put us in a really great position to negotiate with the landlords. We had a very successfully [ICSC] on the May convention which John, Angie, and I attended a few weeks ago and feel very confident in now our growth strategy and relationship we have with landlords.  And our ability to take the market at our pace. We certainly don’t in the short-term see real estate prices going up. 
Lorraine Hutchinson – Banc of America: When you got the initial results from the first couple of months of the website were there any surprises about the composition of your customer base, geographically, internationally, what are your early learnings there. 
Christine Day : I think the early news for us was that such strong sales out of the US and I think that’s been probably the biggest surprise. We had initially anticipated we’d have a stronger demand in Canada but I think in some parts that was due to the fact that we had more basics on the site and this last few weeks where we’ve had more new products and now 80% of our SKU’s on the website. We’ve seen a surging Canadian demand but its still not kept pace with where we’re seeing the US. The US is our biggest growth market. We really think that that is a great measure of the success in reach of where the brand is. So we feel that that’s been a very positive result. In terms of items that are selling, not as many accessories, and men’s. Its been a little bit lighter.  So we think that those are just opportunities awareness but really great sell through on any of the technical products and the core basics, which you know of course are our strongest items. So we feel very good about the initial sales trends and the response that we have and think that we have huge opportunity.  We’ll have 90% of the SKUs on by the end of this month going into July and so we expect sales to continue to grow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners : I guess some questions regarding the ecommerce business, first can you refresh my memory as to what the costs were for sort of pushing the launch up and then as it relates to the sales trends that you’re seeing within the US for ecomm, are you seeing anything geographically within the country that could be interesting for us in lending credence to your, or telling you where your store opportunities may be going forward. 
Christine Day : I’ll answer the second part of that first, what we’re really seeing and we were pleased about and gave us the confidence to go forward with the Phoenix market opening is we’ve had a showroom in Phoenix and for the last year and a half, stimulated a market which has done very well and then what we saw when we launched ecommerce was really strong demand in that market.  We saw that it was a real hotspot early on so as you remember, maybe recall the showrooms have a much more limited inventory assortment. So that then gave us the confidence to go ahead with opening the Phoenix market even though from an economic point of view, one of our concerns it was a little bit more hard hit so we weren’t sure if it was the right time to put a store in. So this actually gave us the confidence to go ahead and open that market.  There really was not much cost, we had a little bit of timing on some of our people with headcount and then we did make the decision to do the DC comps ourselves, but then that actually gets charged back to the vendor so we actually had invested most of the money in the end of last year so that’s why you also saw our SG&A not really spike or increase. So really we feel that we’re at, we’re not at optimal margin yet probably because we’ve got a lot more sales leverage but we feel its been a very smooth launch, costs were in line with what we expected. 
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners : And may I ask one question on the pricing strategy, so I just want to understand you’re lowering prices on some of the accessories and then on the apparel its not really about lowering prices but maybe adding quality and maintaining prices. Is that the correct way to think about this and is this sort of the first quarter and then it will just be sort of a four-quarter impact or how should we think about the timing of this change.
Christine Day : We’ll give you some examples of that but what we saw was we’ve been able to make as we’ve designing the garments, we’ve been able to make some real improvements in the garments but some of the initial buys were then a little bit compressed as we changed some of the sundries and I’ll have Sheree give a little bit more explanation, but we really chose to price at what our future run rate of costs will be in order to maintain pricing rather then take price up, wait until we reduce costs and then take price back down.  So really that’s kind of what you’re seeing. We didn’t feel today’s environment was a place that we should be taking prices up. I’ll turn it over to Sheree for a few minutes and talk about some of the details and things that we have been changing. 
Sheree Waterson : Thanks Christine, I think you got it basically right. The accessories markdown is associated with our yoga market and that’s basically a one-time hit. The great thing about this strategy is we’re offering an opening price point in our best selling mat and accessories to lower the barrier to entry and to basically get more people into yoga which is our core marketplace. I’m happy to report that its been very effective and that our sales have spiked 3.5 times so as Christine had said, our yoga accessories business is up about 40% which is great news. So that’s that piece. When the market gets tough, the tough get going, and one thing that we know is that product is king so Christine has also said, we are actually investing in our product.  Let me give you an example of that, we have our best selling [scuba] lulu hoodie, which is one of our flagship pieces of apparel. We chose to actually upgrade our zippers from a generic zipper to YKK which costs us about $0.80 to do and we thought that that was a terrific investment because over time obviously that adds to the quality of our garment.  Also as we were looking at some of the trends in the apparel market, Heather Yarns, etc., are extremely important and so investing in Heather Yarns cost us more to do but we’re happy to do it because it increases demand. So there’s an increase in demand and there’s also an uptick in our quality and I think both are great long-term strategies for our brand power. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine - Cowen And Company 
Laura Champine - Cowen And Company : Just a follow-up question on the pricing strategy because obviously when you start trying to capture market share with price that’s can be a very long road, can you talk about whether or not you think you were just over earning with gross margins at 50% or better or if you think you can get back there and also talk about your willingness to potentially compete on price on some of your categories that you do have more share in or that are more important to you. For example the $100 basis yoga pant, is that a defensible price structure. 
Christine Day : Absolutely and I think, we chose not to price up based on initial buys that we know that we know that we can through our sourcing strategies reduce the cost back in line within a fairly short period of time. So we’re not choosing to lower our prices and compress our margin, we’re choosing strategically to leave our pricing at similar price points while adding quality and accepting a short-term until we get the supply chain, in some cases for instance we’re changing manufacturers.  We’ve placed a quick buy with the great goods that we wanted to [bring] in factories with one buyer for instance on organic but we realized that the best of that manufacturer is in another place we want to place a long-term buy there which takes us a short-term margin to get it to market, but longer-term we know we’ll recover it by the fall.  So there’s decisions like that that are effecting that we wouldn’t take pricing up because its really a [back] price and supply chain transition and we just felt that that’s not something that today’s market to be passed onto the consumer on some of those key items that we’re selling.  So I want to be very careful, other then the mats and there’s a bigger mat strategy behind even just the decision that we just did so we wanted to make sure that in today’s market where we see the consumer giving up gym memberships, looking for more cost effective ways to exercise, that we basically made a very available price point which for us what we’re seeing the savings we’re giving them translate into other products that they buy whether it’s a tank or another accessory.  So its actually even working in the short-term, that the more customers you save the better off we are certainly as a business platform so we feel that’s strategic. That said there’s also an over arching map strategy that we have with a new accessories line that we’ll launch in the fall. And there we’ll have two very best of class mats; one that will be co-branded, one that’s our own.  And those will actually be manufactured at the price points that we’re now talking about so from the long-term then our margins will return. But we wanted to offer the yoga mats in today’s economy sooner. So there’s nothing that we’re doing that actually lowers our price point long-term and creates any compression on the margin. 
Laura Champine - Cowen And Company : And just so we can get, its tough to get a sense on your long-term gross margin prospects because you’ve been growing in some areas that I think do have this higher occupancy cost, but is that 50% level, is that a good bogey to think about returning to. 
John Currie : We were running at 50% or higher, the other significant factor being the Canadian dollar was at par so again, compared to last year the lower Canadian dollar at $0.80 took about 300 or so basis points out of that margin. So ignoring that variable there’s no reason we shouldn’t be able to get back to the kind of gross margins we were seeing last year. 
Christine Day : And in fact and I think when you think about there’s the two parts of gross margin, one is the occupancy and depreciation, any strategy that drives revenue while maintaining the product margin which is our strategy, then increasing the sales in the individual stores ultimately helps gross margin. And that’s really how we look at managing that business strategically. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : Can you comment on maybe some of the performance of some of the newer product lines, like running or swim and how they’re performing versus your expectations. 
Christine Day : I’m going to let Sheree talk about our number one running shorts.
Sheree Waterson : Thanks for asking the question, it’s a great entrée to talk about one of our favorite categories which is running. We are performing extremely well in the running category and in fact right now, we’re seeing our bottoms business driven by shorter lengths, shorts being one of the key categories. Within our short category our two running shorts are our two top items and I’m happy to say that we added a longer running short this season and it seems that we have really taken that market by storm.  So the reason that we’re excited about the running category is because we feel that it is a key part of our future. It keeps us technical in terms of fabric, it keeps us technical in terms of construction, and there’s a lot of growth here in both the top and the bottoms category.  So we’re also seeing some great trending with some of our technical tops, our [inaudible], and our seamless which go along with the bottom success that we’ve had so very, very healthy here. 
Christine Day : And I think that that’s two of the items that we’ve had to increase our orders in our quick turn in as well as you just recently saw a drop in the stores, neon tanks which was also a quick turn item following a quick turn strategy to add [pop] and colors to the demands and those we see people buying in three’s and four’s so really another popular item that we’re seeing.  As we talked about earlier our strategy on adding more mid priced price points in tops, that has also really worked to stimulate extra sales demands so we really feel with both our overall inventory position driving it down, and the increased sales, and we’ve done a really good job on managing inventory turns and really stimulating the guest to buy.  So we feel very good about where we’re heading for the balance of the year. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : And maybe just one other question on square footage growth, have you thought about just next year more specifically, do you think we’ll see more new stores opened in 2010 versus your plan for 2009.
Christine Day : Yes, right now the number that we would plan for is 15. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : And in terms of the promotional plans for June, July, you said you’d be less promotional in stores, I think you did a warehouse sale end of July last year. Is that planned to go on or there’s no need to do that one this year. 
Christine Day : We have not made a decision and we do have a franchisee in Saskatoon that does one in that time period which we don’t control or make that decision, so I can’t speak for what he will be so don’t confuse that one with what one we would do. So we have not made that decision. Based on our low inventory we don’t see the need to clear other then a very nominal level of a site-by-site specific basis if they have some stragglers at the end of summer.  So we won’t be doing the July sale and at this point in time we don’t have a lot of pressure so I think we’ll make that decision in the moment, closer to when we see where inventory levels are. Right now we’re in a more of a chasing inventory position so we feel we don’t have to plan for it, but if we feel that there’s older items or in something that we see stragglers on, we might do a smaller one this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse : I was just wondering if you could talk about how the new classes of stores are performing and if you’re seeing any differences in mall versus off mall just given the extent of the promotional environment in the malls and more competition kind of in general. 
Christine Day : I wouldn’t say we’ve actually seen any difference between the malls and our street locations. I think historically in the US the streets have been slightly stronger and that trend continues but nothing that has changed. I think in the malls we actually hold up very well and we did not, as many of you probably saw by walking in our stores, discount our spring line or have sales items, or have a sale.  So I think we feel very proud of the fact that we did not have to result to promotional strategies to drive sales in the stores. So overall we’re not seeing a shift, we’re seeing all categories of stores grow and particularly the non-comp class of stores, growth has been very encouraging for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : Two questions, one just a follow on on the real estate, with 15 stores, could you give us a sense either regionally how they’ll break out or kind of real estate street locations, or regional malls and then a follow on, on the internet initiative and some thoughts of how that’s playing out, how you’re handling the inventory and assortments on the internet versus stores and the pricing. 
Christine Day :  Pricing on the internet is the same as you would find in each individual market because we have a pricing toggle based on how you view, where you’re buying, so there’s a US pricing and Canadian pricing online so it would be similar to whatever we have in the marketplace. So there’s no difference in the pricing strategy and our goal is to have about 90% the same SKUs and that could be either 90% of the existing assortment or at [shoulder] season for instance in jackets which we would plan to, our outerwear which we would sell out of in the stores by November, we might carry online through January. So there’ll be some subtle differences either plus or minus on the ecommerce website but on the whole, it will be very similar to our strategy within the stores.  In terms of the profile for the stores that we’re seeing, we continue to lean more to street and lifestyle centers where we can control our own hours of operation, do our community work, etc. That said there have been some very key targeted malls that we go to which really we choose very carefully in any regional areas and so there will be a small portion of those in the portfolio going forward.  But they’re strategic and not the dominant model that we use. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : Roosevelt Field has come up to your expectations, it sounds like you were a little early on opening some of the Manhattan or metropolitan mall stores and it sounds like they’re now moving to a level where you’re much more comfortable, is that accurate. 
Christine Day : Yes, I think that we went in just a little too early. I would have preferred to have had a year with several sites open in New York City before we had gone out to the regional mall on that Roosevelt. That said, we are seeing the demand and the consumer responding in the Long Island market on the whole so I think that as brand awareness has grown and I think ecommerce has even helped that, as well as our social media strategy that we do with a lot of Twitter blogs, community events.  We have seen all of the non comp stores growing which has been very encouraging. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Christine Day : I think that we’ve probably said enough about the sales that we feel very encouraged by the signs we see in the consumer response to our product, very confident in our product and I think that the business that you’ve seen we’ve been able to really control our expenses and our flow through which is driving the business as well.  We’re very proud of the management team and the work that we’ve done for the quarter and feel very well positioned for the balance of the year. Thank you everyone for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-03-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jean Fontana – Integrated Corporate Relations Christine Day – Chief Executive Officer John E. Currie – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs Lorraine Maikis-Hutchison – Merrill Lynch Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co. Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group Laura Champine – Cowen & Co. Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus Quentin Mannard – Morehead Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Following formal remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Jean Fontana of ICR. Please go ahead, Ms. Fontana.
Jean Fontana: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining Lululemon Athletica’s conference call to discuss fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 results. A copy of today’s press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com or, alternatively, as furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call, which are not historical facts, may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company’s filings with the SEC. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Christine Day, Lululemon Athletica’s Chief Executive Officer.
Christine Day: Thank you, Jean. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John, who will go through the financial details of the quarter. We are pleased to announce that we have met our earnings expectations, particularly in light of the current economic environment. The weak consumer sentiment and overall macro picture continues to weigh heavily on retailers, and we are certainly not completely immune to its effect. That said, we have been nimble and creative in responding to the slowdown in consumer demand, while protecting our brand integrity. Our positioning as an entrepreneurial and innovative company allowed us to quickly respond to drive incremental revenue, while simultaneously driving down our operating expenses through strong execution across our business. One example of this is the way we leveraged our showroom techniques to capitalize on market opportunities well outside the reach of our current store base, which enabled us to access more consumers and generate incremental full price sales, while building brand awareness and demand. These temporary showrooms were up and running for approximately six weeks through mid January, as you will see on our other revenue line, the reaction was exceptional and it allowed us to sell through incremental inventory at full price. We were very proud of our great execution and overall success of this initiative. We also made excellent progress on our inventory control and flow. Our strategy over the holiday period was to focus on guest loyalty events and at the local level and wait until post-holiday to markdown inventory. We did move aggressively on post-holiday ensuring we maximize this window to produce a clean inventory position. Due to our strong year-end post-holiday events, we were able to deliver new and fresh inventory in mid January in a market, where there is an abundance of markdowns and excess inventory. Our strategy of buying in strategic modules also gave us flexibility during the holidays, which allowed us to move inventory to market that needed it or hold it for the spring launch post-holiday. The module concept allows us to move inventory in quarterly windows to freshen up our store assortment or hold until later in the year. We also had a successful second year in outerwear, but did feel we left opportunity on the table in accessories, sizing in men, and a brighter color pallet in the fourth quarter. As reported in our prior earnings calls, we have been extremely focused on efficiency and to successfully reduce our operating costs as we improve our operations. At the store level, we were able to reduce labor hours while maintaining the same level of service to our guests. We conducted full labor and schedule in practice audits prior to holidays and ensured we have the optimal staff levels at each store and focused on peak selling period. We have further improved retention at the store level of both the manager and staff, which helps us to drive significant results and efficiencies inline with our strategic objective of our lean infrastructure, we have also completed a restructuring of our field organization which streamlined our regional management structure. We successfully reduced discretionary spending on things such as travel and supplies. In addition, we are benefiting from efficiencies brought about by our IT implementation including merchandising, warehouse management and POS systems, as well as from our logistics and sourcing initiatives, and we are seeing the results of strengthening our senior management team in increased efficiency and effectiveness. Turning to real estate, we made some strategic decisions related to both existing and new leases, which led to the $4.4 million impairment charge in the quarter. John will discuss this in more detail. Real estate selection remains a critical focus in a challenging environment. We are paying close attention to turnover and closures on high street, lifestyle centers and malls. We have made the tough call not to proceed with size that do not meet or negotiate co-tendency or occupancy lease language. We have also assessed our portfolio of stores, resulting in a closure or impairment of stores that we do not feel meet our current real estate strategy. We have already spoken about our plans, the slow square footage growth in 2009 and we have six stores planned for the year. We want to remain very flexible in order to position ourselves to capitalize on attractive lease opportunities, as landlords look to refill vacant spaces. We are meeting with all of our top landlords to review growth renewals and options with the goal of optimizing our portfolio. We have a very healthy portfolio in the Canadian market, 11 stores or about a third of our portfolio are coming up for renewal, which gives us another tremendous opportunity to renegotiate our base portfolio. We will also increase our flexible store showroom presence to seed markets and leverage learnings from our e-commerce sales to site new stores and are expanding our specialty wholesale penetration in key markets, including Canada. Even with the short-term deceleration in sales due to market conditions, our new stores continue to perform above industry norms on a sales per square foot basis. Our new store business model also has the flexibility to adjust in the new economic environment, and our recent efforts have reduced store investment. This initiative coupled with lower occupancy rates and supply chain efficiencies gives us strong opportunities for profitable growth in the future. Our long-term strategy has not changed. We plan to keep a balanced portfolio of regional malls, lifestyle centers and individual street locations. We have met all of the top cites in North America and know exactly where we want to be. We still see the potential for over 300 stores in North America. We are excited to announce that we are ahead of schedule in our e-commerce strategy and now plan to launch the site in early April. We believe that our e-commerce initiative will be a great tool through which we will leverage our brand equity. In addition to helping to drive store traffic, it will enable consumers that don’t have the access to our stores to purchase Lululemon product. We expect minimal impact earnings in 2009, but based on our limited number of stores, we certainly expected business to become a meaningful for us over the next few years. Comparable business models demonstrated an opportunity to at least 10% of total revenues over time. While we expect the environment to remain difficult, I believe that our ability to respond creatively and rapidly to changes in the market, as well as our unique and innovative product and community culture will give us the resiliency we need to manage through this challenging period and position us for strong long-term growth. Our key focuses are to quickly respond to changes in the macroenvironment, improve our operating efficiencies and to continue to build our cash reserve as we generate strong cash flow. We remain very enthusiastic about our future prospects and are looking forward to resuming our expansion. Now, John can give you some details about the fourth quarter and full year results and our outlook for the year.
John E. Currie: Thanks, Christine. I’ll begin by reviewing the details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 results, and I’ll then provide a brief update on our 2009 outlook. Please note that in my comments comparison to last year, the numbers reflect the reclassification of our Japan results into discontinued operations. As you recall, we closed down our Japanese operations in Q2 of this year. So, for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, total net revenue was $103.9 million, compared to revenue of $104 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. We opened six stores in North America during the fourth quarter, and we closed one store the shops at Highland in Texas. We also opened one store in our Australian joint venture in December. Increases in revenue from new stores were offset with a comparable store sales decline of 8% on a constant dollar basis. And a weaker Canadian dollar, which reduced reported revenue by 18.9%, or $15.1 million. At the end of Q4, there were 66 stores in our comp base, 37 of those in Canada, and 29 in the United States. Our corporate-owned stores represented 87% of total sales, or $90.3 million, versus 88% of total sales last year, or $91.7 million. Franchise and other revenues, which include wholesale, phone sales, showrooms, outlets, and warehouse sales totaled $13.6 million, or the remaining 13% of total revenue for the fourth quarter. We ended the year with a 113 total stores versus 81 a year ago. Of 103, which are corporate-owned, and 10, which are franchises including the five operating in Australia. Gross profit for the fourth quarter totaled $51.7 million, or 49.7% of sales, as compared to $56.6 million, or 54.4% of revenue for the same period last year. Of this 470 basis point decline, approximately 280 basis points was attributable as a deterioration of the Canadian dollar versus Q4 of 2007, which negatively impacted gross margin as the majority of our product is purchased in U.S. dollars. In addition, we experienced de-leverage of 390 basis points on occupancy and depreciation resulting from lower productivity on new stores and lower comparable same-store sales. This was offset by 200 basis points of leverage gained on corporate head office costs included in cost of sales resulting from improved operating efficiencies at our distribution center, reduced compensation costs, and favorable exchange rate translation from the weaker Canadian dollar. SG&A expenses were $31.2 million or 30% of total revenues, compared to $34.3 million or 33% of total revenues in the fourth quarter of last year. Naturally, our overall store expenses increased from the fourth quarter of 2007 due to new stores opened during the year. And our G&A increased year-over-year due to depreciation of our new IT systems, and build-up as a management team earlier in the year. Nonetheless, we were able to achieve the 300 basis points reduction in SG&A as a percentage of revenue, largely due to efficiency in labor management both in stores and at our store support center together with reduced discretionary expenses as we were reacted early and effectively in reducing spending in response to changes in the economic environment. Improved distribution and logistics efficiency, lower incentive-based compensation given the overall financial performance of the company, and finally the weaker Canadian dollar also reduced reported SG&A costs, reducing SG&A by approximately $4 million. And during the quarter, we undertook a thorough review of our existing portfolio of corporate-owned stores, store locations to identify stores to be closed, signed leases for stores we will not open and stores’ expected performance would not support carrying values of store improvement assets. As a result of this review, we recorded a charge of $4.4 million, or $0.04 per share after-tax to reflect impairment of store assets and lease exit costs. These factors translated to operating income for the fourth quarter of $16 million, or 15.4% of sales. Excluding the impairment charge, operating income would have been $20.4 million, or 19.7% of sales, compared to $22.3 million, or 21.4% of sales a year ago. Tax expense was $5.3 million for the quarter, or a rate of 32.7% versus 32.9% last year. For the fiscal year, our tax rate was 29.4%. Net income from continuing operations was $10.9 million, or $0.16 per diluted share. Excluding the impairment provision, net income would have been higher by $3 million to 13.9 million or $0.20 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $14.6 million, or $0.21 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2007. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $68.5 million versus $70.6 million for the same period last year. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights. We continue to operate with the healthy cash and working capital position and no debt. We ended the fourth quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $56.8 million. Inventory increased by $14.1 million to $52.1 million at the end of the fourth quarter, primarily due to $11 million of the inventory and trends at a year-end, which compared to last year when it was very minimal. So, this increase is modest considering the net increase of 34 stores over the prior year. And we’re very pleased with the level and the makeup of our inventory at the end of the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures were $10.5 million in the fourth quarter, resulting from newly added stores in addition to IT capital expenditures. So turning to the highlights of our full fiscal year performance. For fiscal year 2008, total net revenue increased by 30.9% to $353.5 million from $269.9 million in fiscal 2007. This increase was driven by a combination of adding 34 net new stores to our store base in a constant dollar comparable store sales increase of 3% offset by a weaker Canadian dollar, which reduced reported revenue by approximately $9 million. Operating income for the year was $56.6 million in excluding our asset impairment charge, operating income would have been $61 million or 17.2% of revenue, versus $51.6 million or 19.1% of sales in 2007. We finished the year with the diluted earnings per share of $0.55. Diluted EPS would be $0.59, when normalized for the asset impairment charge. Now I want to turn to our outlook for fiscal 2009. As you know, the global economy has created an unprecedented and challenging operating environment. Until there is additional clarity on consumer spending hopefully in the second half of the year, we are limiting our earnings guidance to the first quarter of 2009. So for this first quarter of 2009, we expect same-store sales will run in the negative low double-digits on a constant dollar basis. We are currently committed to open six stores in the year, however none in the first quarter. We anticipated reported revenue in Q1 to be in the range of $70 to $75 million. We expect gross margin as a percentage of sales to be approximately 775 basis points lower than Q1 of 2008. Roughly 300 basis points of this decrease is attributable to the deterioration in the Canadian dollar versus Q1 of last year, again as the majority of our product is purchased in US dollars. The remainder of the reduction in margin is due to occupancy and depreciation de-leverage from lower productivity on new stores and lower comparable same-store sales. For the first quarter of 2009, we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to decrease by 330 basis points versus Q1 of 2008 largely due to favorable foreign currency translation on our Canadian dollar SG&A costs in a more efficient cost structure. Overall, we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.07 to $0.08 for the quarter. This assumes a tax rate of 34% and $70.1 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Based on our current expectation in six new stores, we expect capital expenditures of between $12 and $13 million for the full year, including renovation capital for existing stores IT and other head office capital. With that, I will turn it back to Christine.
Christine Day: Okay. Thank you, John. In these difficult economic times, we are planning the business with an emphasis on improved cost efficiencies, inventory management, prudent allocation of capital and maximizing cash flow to provide us with a strongest possible financial position to take advantage of growth opportunities as they arise. So, operator we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our first question from Paul Lejuez from Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse:  Hey, thanks guys. A couple of questions, one, Christine, did I hear you say that you’re going to be expanding the wholesale business, if so if you can maybe provide a little bit of detail with where you’re going from a wholesale perspective. And John, maybe if you can walk through what’s included in that charge in the fourth quarter. What stores and sites factored into that? And also curious to know what your inventory plans are throughout 2009? Thanks.
Christine Day: Okay. On wholesale there is no change in overall strategy. In terms we are not going to any big boxes, but we have not done wholesale in Canada, and we recognize that part of our strategy to work more closely with the ambassadors and the local yoga and specialty gyms has been compromised by that decision that was made several years ago. So, we have made the decision to open up wholesale in Canada more for the strategic fit, but that also gives us good revenue opportunities in the marketplace as well.
Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse: When does that kickoff?
Christine Day: We expect to begin in June.
Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse: Got it.
John E. Currie: So, Paul and answer to your question on impairment, again it was a total of $4.4 million as I mentioned there is one store closed, and that’s included. The other stores are not in a position to give exact detail both because of confidentiality and in some cases we’re still negotiating. But they involve three, three leases signed on the stores that we do not plan to open and another three stores, where we’re either impairing the assets or potentially closing the stores, but at this point I can’t give any more specifics.
Christine Day:
 :
Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse: If you exclude that e-commerce business or should we be expecting inventories to be down or at least you’re managing store inventories to be down all year?
Christine Day: Store inventories should be down all year both at the store level and at the warehouse through the efficiencies and the improvements that we’ve made.
Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. Good luck.
John E. Currie: Thanks.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Michelle Tan with Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Sorry, if I missed this on the prepared remarks, but did you talk about whether there was a currency impact on the inventory and why it would have look like on a constant currency basis?
John E. Currie: I did not comment. Just trying to think I believe it converts back to U.S. dollars regardless, and the balance sheet is in U.S. dollars, even the inventory carried in Canada.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then I guess, just to clarify from Paul’s question. Is there a portion of the inventory at the end of the quarter that’s allocated to the launch direct? What would the inventory have looked like this quarter without the direct fees?
Christine Day: We did not buy specifically for e-commerce and we made that decision recognizing, we were slowing down the store growth and the buy had already have been done for stores that would have opened in the year. So we were able to reallocate the inventory from new stores that we had planned during the original buy to e-commerce.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs:
 :
John E. Currie: In terms of new store productivity, even in the fourth quarter, even with the tough environment the stores that entered into the comp base in Q4 were on average above the minimum model we use of $750 of a square foot.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
John E. Currie:  And in many cases not up to our expectations, because again the 750 is our minimum. But we do continue to open new stores above that minimum. What was the next part of the question?
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Just cost reductions…
Christine Day: Yeah, so…
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: And operating model…
Christine Day: Yeah, so we had been looking at around $250 of square foot and we now have the model down to 200. And I think more significantly our ability to control the investment to tighter window and take advantage of the TI dollars has significantly increased. And as well as we’re seeing significant drops in rent; I think what we also look at though is what’s happening in the overall mall and street environments. And we are aware of a high degree of vacancies and fallout, and we want to make sure which we plan new capital that were really in the optimal places for us both the long-term and short-term. And so we’re just waiting to see what kind of fallout is there is in the market in the next three to six months, as vacancies increase and [re-tendencies] start to happen.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Okay, perfect. And then John I know you said you couldn’t comment on this. But any color you can say on the potential future closings whether they’re all in the U.S. or not?
John E. Currie: I wouldn’t refer them as closings again as I said three of them were leases signed that we're just not going to open. Two of them are stores that are undoubtedly going to stay open but we’ve just taken a write-down on the improvements. And then there is one potential closure or it may end up being in negotiation of the rent and I can’t comment on that.
Michelle Tan – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Lorraine Maikis-Hutchison with Merrill Lynch.
Lorraine Maikis-Hutchison – Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just wanted to touch on the merchandise margin for a minute, and get your thoughts on were you happy with your strategy to move more clearance product into the store instead of having the large warehouse sales in 2008?
Christine Day: And I think, I was happy that we cleared in July and I was also happy that we waited until post-Christmas to do any real significant clearance activity at the store level. I think in retrospect, we probably could have held off a little bit and maybe went little aggressive but not knowing what the next few months would bring and wanting to have a clean balance sheet, I think we made the best decision at the time. So, overall in terms of net discounts for the year I feel pretty confident and comfortable with the number that we ended up in compared to most people in our similar category. So I feel that we were pretty effective in managing on the merchandise markdowns and what that allowed us to do most importantly it was coming into this year. We had a very clean and fresh palette and a lot of brand new product in the stores and we’ve been able to maintain full pricing without discounting our spring line, which I think is also been very helpful outcome of the strategy that we deployed.
Lorraine Maikis-Hutchison – Merrill Lynch: And I know there will be a lot of movement with the Canadian dollar on your gross margin line, but can you comment on any expectations for product cost reductions particularly in the second half?
John E. Currie: Yeah. We are at this point, we bought to some extent for the second half but not for winter and we are already seeing some cost reductions, as you’re probably hearing industrywide lot of excess capacity in China in particular and the strong brands that still have high volumes such as ourselves are benefiting from that. Can’t comment on quantum yet, but we are seeing a reversal of some the inflationary pressure that we saw last year.
Lorraine Maikis-Hutchison – Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Liz Dunn from Thomas Weisel.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, good afternoon.
Christine Day: Hi, Liz.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: I apologize for the feedback, I am calling from a hotel and connection is not great. I guess first just a follow-up on Michelle’s question, which is I understand not all of these stores are closing but are there all in the U.S.?
John E. Currie: Yes.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Secondly is there any opportunity to sort of align your product costs more with your revenue base. I mean is this Canadian dollar thing just going to continue to be a drag for the foreseeable future. And what is your assumption about currency embedded in your first quarter guidance?
John E. Currie: Yeah. I should have clarified that. We’re assuming in our guidance that the Canadian dollar runs at approximately $0.80. I think it’s little over 81 right now, but that’s the assumption in that guidance.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
John E. Currie: We did give some consideration to shifting, manufacturing to Canada to match costs with revenue, it becomes more complicated and then it sounds, because unless you are moving the mills close to where the factories are; you are not really accomplishing much. So we don’t have any plans to expand Canadian manufacturing right now, other than for short-term reasons as opposed to margin reasons.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then last question. Can you just give us an update on your outlet stores; we’ve noticed recently that there is a Woodbury Common store?
Christine Day: That’s still under negotiation; we haven’t finalized that lease with the landlord. So at this point in time we remain tied to the existing two, the goal is that Sawgrass is a temporary one for us and we would be closing that when one down if we went to the Woodbury location.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Great. Good luck.
Christine Day: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Robert Samuels from Oppenheimer. Mr. Samuels, you might check your mute button. Your line is open.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.: I’m sorry but can you hear now?
John E. Currie: Yeah.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.:  Great. Yeah, just with regard to the comp, can you breakout transaction value versus number of transactions during the quarter?
Christine Day: So in the comp, we saw a very little change in sales mix and or in average ticket, and it’s primarily with all transactions.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.:  Got it. And then any comment on February, March trends?
John E. Currie: It's really reflected in my guidance.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. I mean, you haven’t seen any pickup from what we saw in the fourth quarter?
John E. Currie: Sorry.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.: So, and then I guess, are you able to determine what sort of repeat customer you're seeing, I mean do you know how often particular women will shop in your stores?
Christine Day: We do know a market that we've been open longer for instance Boston, Chicago, San Francisco we do have a very loyal customer base, but in many of the other markets particularly like New York City where we recently opened so many new stores its a lot of brand new customers. So, a little harder to get through the overall trends I mean I’d just leave it as saying at this point that we're pleased with where our business has performed, so far today and, if we would be happy if the sales trends continued and got better.
Robert Samuels – Oppenheimer & Co.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Thanks, guys. John did you say what merchandise margin was in the fourth quarter relative to fourth quarter of last year?
John E. Currie: I didn't, and of course there is various pieces as I said currency certainly impacted it by almost 300 basis point, but real apples-to-apples product margin was actually pretty similar reflecting slightly more discounting but not extensively versus last year and also some efficiencies both in distribution and product costing.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. And then just a question on the e-commerce site, is it going to be, when it is launching, is it going to be up and running in U.S. and in Canada or will it be two separate sites one in Canadian dollars, one in U.S. dollars, how that is going to work?
Christine Day: It will be one site, but we will trade in both foreign currency, so both Canadian and U.S. And you can actually toggle back and forth between the two on the site. So it’s very flexible from that perspective. We will be doing the distribution for Canada, out of Canada, the Canadian customers will not have to pay duty and taxes then U.S. shipping will be out of U.S. So, very excited about the launch and the capability that will be demonstrating on our e-commerce site.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Christine Day: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Hi, everybody.
Christine Day: Hi, Janet.
John E. Currie: Hi, Janet.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Hi, nice job. Couple of questions, when you think about the fact that you moved your e-commerce launch up so by so many months. I was wondering if you had to keep up anything in terms of the site style, and friendliness maneuverability et cetera. Or do you think it will be running at the level that you expected it too for the later launch?
Christine Day: I think probably the only thing that we didn’t get in that I would have wanted in this initial launch with kind of the iChat feature, even though we’ll have live telephone assistance. So the people can pickup and talk to you one of our people at the GEC, if they have any product questions. So that’s probably the only thing that would have been at any significance and we will be adding capability over the course of the next year even on the existing site…
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Right.
Christine Day: But from our first launch in terms of flexibilities, filters for the guest experience. We're very pleased with where the final product has ended up.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Great. Well, we can’t wait to see it. And I also wondered I am getting the lower costs in the marketplace, if you thought that you would be passing on lower retails, you may have answered that question, but I get on a little bit late. I haven’t noticed the decline in retail prices on some of the core basics, but I was wondering if we could look forward to anything like that?
Christine Day: What we’ve done is, we’ve added a lot more and it was strategically on our docket based on guest request more layering pieces in the T-shirts and tanks, and so you will see more price points in that 50 to $70 range for layering pieces. And we’ve already begun to deploy that and we don’t have quite enough stock yet that disappears very rapidly. We are not seeing a change in our sales mix or average ticket, people seem to be buying two of it. So or adding it as a compliment to other pieces, but it does give us more price points in the mid 50 range and well from 30 to 70. So we feel very good about that offering and that also brings guests in who maybe wouldn’t be buying a new pair of pants or jackets.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Right.
Christine Day: So I’m offering something fresh.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: And are you opening outlet stores around the country?
Christine Day: No, we still only have the Mount Vernon store and we had opened the Sawgrass as the temporary location.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Right.
Christine Day: With the hopes of being able to get into Woodbury at a later date…
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Yeah.
Christine Day: And those negotiations are ongoing, but we don’t have that secured at this time.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Would you think about it I mean and to source forward, lot of people make nice margin on those, on that channel?
Christine Day: I think at this point I’d like to see really where we end up with e-commerce and…
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: And how you can clear there?
Christine Day:  And how we can clear there, what that looks like, because that’s obviously a very for us low capital intensive way of doing it…
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Right.
Christine Day: And we are still very early in our growth phase.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Right.
Christine Day: And I don’t want to shift resources to manufacturing alignment that’s below the quality that I think our brand is standing for this early. So that’s the other important consideration and we have other growth initiatives that I would probably rank higher than that.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Great. Thanks. I look forward to talking to you later. Thanks so much.
Christine Day: Thanks Janet.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: Bye-bye.
Operator: We’ll go next to Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Good afternoon, everyone. Can you talk a little bit about the product extensions that you have done and the feedback there, and what you have been seeing any different regional trends to what you’re introducing, also on the e-commerce business will there be any exclusive product in that channel versus what’s in the stores, and how do you plan to build awareness for the e-commerce? Thank you.
Christine Day: Okay. I will start with maybe your last question, if you go into any of our stores right now, there is a little business cards that they are handing out and we’ve been doing a lot of viral marketing campaigns, where it invites guest to go to a website and pre-register. And we’ve been collecting on average about 500 names a day from that process, since we’ve started it several months ago in addition to the names that we had already been collecting through our product notification, E-mail, Twitter, Facebook that we’ve been doing for the last seven, eight months. So we feel very good about that pent-up demand that we’ve been generating for, the website and the viral marketing that we’ve done. So, there is some more secret surprises too stay tuned for. Then in exclusivity on the website, we are tying several of our marketing strategies to both our goaltender site and to events in stores. So for people who participate in those, they will get codes that will give an access to either products or free shipping or if you achieve a goal, we might send somebody like, if you ran the Boston Marathon, we will send you a pair of running shorts. So we have a lot of kind of cross-promotional pieces built in that would also have some exclusivity on the web that’s as part of our marketing strategy. In terms of regional trends, we’ve seen improvement in the Texas business which we have been pleased with and overall some of the financial scenarios like New York have probably been a little bit harder hit than the rest of the market, but we’ve continued to see strength in markets like in Northwest, Southern California for us, Chicago is still doing very well. So we do have what we consider quite bright spot on the marketplace. And I think in Canada, we feel comfortable that we are probably outperforming most of peer group in Canada.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go next to Laura Champine with Cowen.
Laura Champine – Cowen & Co.: Good afternoon. I have got a few small things. So, I’ll just hit them all upfront. First, is there any continued describes or what specifically drove the increase in intransit inventory. Is there a different way that you’re flowing product this year, if you could just give more color on that? And then second I know John you said that store level inventory should be down, but does that mean that reported inventories will be down year-on-year and when does that trend start to develop. And then lastly, we talked a lot about product cost, but in your Q1 guidance for gross margin and I know there is a currency impact to. Does that assume down merch margins year-over-year?
John E. Currie: Okay. Going back to your first question. Yeah, remember the year-end inventory balance is a snapshot point in time. We take title to inventory as soon as it leaves the factory shipping dock. And last year it just happened at the large shipments that were made in February just after year-end. This year they were as I said close to $11 million of product that was shipped to us just before year-end. But it’s really just a few days timing difference. So the better comparable is to exclude the intransit to compare to last year. In terms of your question on inventory levels sorry, can you give me that question again?
Laura Champine – Cowen & Co.: Sure. It was just, when do you expect reported inventories to be down year-on-year. I think that in response to another question you said that store level inventories will be down, I'm just wondering when the balance sheet – does that mean balance sheet inventory should be down year-on-year in the first quarter?
John E. Currie: Yeah. I would say at the end of the first quarter you’ll probably see inventory levels pretty similar to last year, pretty similar to where we’re at year-end. And I think with some improvement versus square footage at least as you get later in the year. Then your last question on margins and again my memory is short but I think you're asking about the product margin within there?
Laura Champine – Cowen & Co.: That's right. Just as your merch margin expected to be down year-on-year in the first quarter and if so what’s driving that?
John E. Currie: Again it's pretty consistent other than the impact of currency, which is above 300 basis points.
Laura Champine – Cowen & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
John E. Currie: Okay.
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Richard Jaffe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks very much. A question on the showrooms and the opportunity that the showrooms present, and then if you could just talk through the additional showrooms you had in the fourth quarter. And you’re thinking for ‘09 about having those numbers of showrooms through ‘09 or just for the fourth quarter of next year, or to have additional showrooms. And give us a sense of sort of the magnitude as well, how many there are and what kind of volume they could do?
Christine Day: Well, what we deployed over the holiday period was really a series of temporary stores and what we considered kind of hot markets particularly in Canada that we had not penetrated. And so that was primarily where the most of those were. And they operated for anywhere from the six to about 10 or 11 week period overall. And so, we tried that as a kind of concept to see what happened by deploying showrooms into mature markets. And that give us some confidence that we can operate whether temporary stores and resorts are summer communities et cetera. So we will be continuing to seed new markets that way. Right now year-over-year as we’ve entered some of the new markets that we had showrooms in, showrooms are down slightly in total count from last year. But we’re currently working on our showroom and what we’re calling kind of temporary store strategy for this coming year. But right now our primary focus is on e-commerce, so we did not include in our guidance or for the year any material upside for that. I think we will keep that as a kind of back of the pocket strategy, but right now our primary focus is still on launching e-commerce in the U.S. and we don’t want to be distracted in the short term from that. 
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. And just to clarify showroom is a wholesale business or it’s also being used as a retail venue at full price?
Christine Day: It is a retail venue at full price.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: And so the wholesale selling that you commented on in Canada is it hasn’t taken place, but will take place from an alternative location?
Christine Day: Yeah. So, where we sell wholesale too is yoga studios, specialty gyms, pilates studios. So we have not operated that business in Canada and we will be opening it up to our Canadian partners.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Right, but that won’t be out of your showroom, it will be traveling salesman or a mail order kind of business or…
Christine Day: No. So for instance a local specialty gym that we’re working within that has national presence out of Vancouver area would have our product in their showroom at the gym.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Right. But how would they select which product they want to put in their gym.
Christine Day: We have a catalog that they pre-order from and own the inventory from the time that they place the order.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus:
 :
Christine Day: Yeah. It’s order from the quarterly catalog that we put out and so then the buy is created off of what the guests order.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: But the product will be identical to stuff that will be in stores?
Christine Day: Absolutely…
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Christine Day: And it’s only but it’s a very limited selection. So if we had a spring collection of 50 new SKUs they would maybe have access to 12.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: And then is there a sort of a basics component to that as well?
Christine Day: Correct. I mean the really the whole point of that for us is an introduction to new guests.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Right and obviously these gyms probably don’t have the capacity to have a full selection anyway that…
Christine Day: Absolutely not.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: For the both parties yeah…
Christine Day: Yeah. Exactly.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take a question from Quentin Mannard from Morehead Capital.
Quentin Mannard – Morehead Capital: Hi, there most of my questions have been answered, just a quick question on your e-commerce site. Can you give us a little bit of a feel for who you’re partnering with to do that, are they handling fulfillment and call center et cetera?
Christine Day: We are using an organization called one-stop out of California. And we will do, we do, I should say to you website they do all of this back of the house servicing, they will do the U.S. fulfillment; we will do the Canadian fulfillment out of our DC.
Quentin Mannard – Morehead Capital: Great. All right. Well, thanks so much, and good luck.
Christine Day: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session for today. At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Christine Day with any additional or closing remarks.
Christine Day: I would just like to thank all of you for joining our call today, and for your continued interest in our business that we feel very confident in. As a management team, our energy in the last quarter has really been to make sure that we’ve had a focus on preserving the business and preparing for the downturn and surviving. Going forward, we're now very confident in our position to be able to redeploy our resources towards the growth strategies, and that's what the management team is focused on. So, we just want to reiterate that we have tremendous confidence in our business. And we believe that the guest is seeing that value as well. So thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-12-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jean Fontana - ICR Chip Wilson - Founder and Chief Product Designer Christine Day - President and Chief Executive Officer John Currie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Suzanne Price - Thinkpanmure LLC Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to the lululemon athletica third quarter earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Jean Fontana of ICR. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Jean Fontana:  Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining lululemon athletica's conference call to discuss third quarter results for fiscal 2008.  A copy of today's press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.lululemon.com or, alternatively, as furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Commission's website at www.SEC.gov. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company's website. Hosting today's call is Chip Wilson, Founder and Chief Product Officer, Christine Day, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Currie, the company's Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, I'd like to remind you of the company's safe harbor language. The statements contained in this conference call which are not historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the company's filings with the SEC.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Chip Wilson, lululemon athletica's Founder and Chief Product Officer. 
Chip Wilson:  Good morning. Christine and John will review the details of the third quarter results, but I just wanted to say a few things about the current environment. We're definitely operating under conditions that we haven't seen before, but I really believe in the resiliency of our people, the entrepreneurial spirit, and really our training program, that allows us to continue to recreate ourselves every day. We have a great team in place and we're definitely executing on all our initiatives in our strategic plan, and I think we're going to come out the other end of this as the market leader in our industry.  And on that, then, I'd like to pass it on to our wonderful Christine Day, CEO.
Christine Day:  Good morning. Thank you, Chip. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John, who will go through the financial details of the quarter.  Our third quarter earnings met our plan that we laid out for you on our last conference call, and our results included a positive same-store sales comparison constant currency within each month of the quarter, without material changes to our promotional strategy to drive sales.  We were able to effectively manage costs and grow earnings from continuing operations by 12% versus a year ago. Before I discuss our views of the go forward macro environment, I want to also quickly point out that we have basically completed our infrastructure upgrades for the year, we have filled key roles, such as the head of allocations, opened two temporary outlets, refined our real estate strategy, set ecommerce in motion, implemented system upgrades, and rolled out JDA's advanced allocation system. So in total, we are on track with the efficiency initiatives that we talked about earlier this year. Like most retailers, we have experienced decelerating trends beginning in October that continued through November and are expected to persist. Our comps turned negative in November, proving we are not immune to the squeeze on consumer spending and heavy promotional environment today.  So how are positioned and how do we respond in order to limit the downside risk for our shareholders while also protecting our brand for the long term? First, I'm happy to say that our inventory was in good shape at the end of the third quarter, down 1% in total from the third quarter last year. Looking ahead, while we did not buy the fourth quarter and spring 2009 inventory in line with our new sales trend, we did begin buying some of our inventory strategically in what we call modules. The goods in these modules can be rolled into our stores at any point over the next six months, as demand warrants. One of our strategic advantages is that we provide functional and technical product that is seasonless in nature, which helps us to mitigate the inventory issues and fashion risks inherent in most other apparel businesses. We also delayed purchasing goods for our ecommerce launch, which will give us additional flexibility with our open-to-buy post-Christmas.  Finally, though we may layer in some higher-priced goods like outerwear, over 90% of the items in our store are at price points below $100. This value is hard to find elsewhere given the quality and innovation in our everyday product, which is made to be worn through multiple seasons and to transition easily from gym to street. With all of that said, we realize that guests have more options with the heavy promotional environment elsewhere. We plan to react, but in our own unique and entrepreneurial way that is consistent with the values and exclusivity of lululemon. We plan to surprise and delight our guests through our community events. Our goal is to keep our stores vibrant with new product, our educators busy, and our guests satisfied, and our top line strong enough to keep from deleveraging too significantly. Second, we have been diligently managing costs. Several months ago we started to prepare for a downturn by challenging our people to take another look at their businesses and focus on the essentials. At the stores we are focused on optimizing labor hours, but we are cognizant that cost savings are not borne by our stores alone. Here at the support center we are focused on controllable expenses such as staffing, travel and supplies, as well as gaining efficiencies in our IT implementations, logistics and sourcing. Entrepreneurial management is embodied by acting with purpose. Our employees, from managers to educators, continue to excel in this area.  Next, looking ahead, we are becoming more prudent and diligent with our store growth plans in this new retail environment. At this point, we have five leases signed for stores in fiscal 2009 and we will grow opportunistically only when we see landlords start to reflect the reality of a new world in their leases.  This does not preclude us from resuming a more aggressive store opening pace in the future. It simply means that we will not trade quality for quantity. We will maintain the process of targeting and building an attractive real estate pipeline so we will be ready when the selling environment becomes more certain and the market correct.  Our focus for next year will be on store execution, system efficiency, supply chain leverage and operating efficiencies at the store level. We will also focus on our community marketing and building deeper competitive barriers. And finally, we will continue to build out our ecommerce business and look forward to enjoying the ability to leverage our strong brand through this channel next year. Big picture, we feel we are well positioned in this challenging macro landscape. We are debt free and have a strong working capital position, along with good cash flow in every quarter of the year driven by our higher productivity and margin levels. We continue to build upon our strong brand and attract loyal guest who are passionate about our product and our community outreach effort, made evident by the higher number of guests participating in our complimentary classes. We should also continue to benefit from the health and wellness trend that will be less affected by a recession.  Business will be challenging for at least the next 6 to 12 months as we respond to a deeply discounted market in the U.S. and lower gross margin due to occupancy costs. However, as Chip said earlier, we believe that our business model will prove resilient throughout this challenging time and we will emerge from these conditions with strong growth potential for our brand.  Longer term, we fully expect to increase market share and to resume growth strategies in a market that is likely to see contraction, as well as have opportunities to benefit from improved lease terms, to attract and maintain talent, and to restore our superior operating margin. Even with a short-term deceleration in sales due to market conditions, our new stores continue to perform above industry norms on a sales per square foot basis.  Our new store business model also has the flexibility to adjust to the economic environment, and our recent efforts have reduced store investment. This initiative, coupled with lower occupancy rates and [inaudible] efficiencies give us tremendous opportunities for profitable growth in the future.  Now John can give you some details on the third quarter results and our outlook for the rest of the year.
John Currie:  Thanks, Christine. I'll begin by reviewing the details of our third quarter 2008 results. I'll then update our guidance for the fourth quarter, which reflects the impact of the new macroeconomic landscape and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and I'll close with a brief comment on fiscal 2009. Third quarter total net revenue increased 34% to $87 million as compared to $64.9 million in the third quarter of 2007. This increase was driven by a combination of 37 net new corporate stores opened since the third quarter of 2007, increasing 16 new stores during this third quarter of 2008, coupled with a comparable store sales increase of 4% on a constant dollar basis. The weaker Canadian dollar compared to Q3 of '07 offset this increase by reducing reported revenue from comparable stores by 6%.  As of the end of Q3, there were 55 stores in our comp store base, 35 of those in Canada and 20 in the United States. Our corporate-owned store sales represented 89% of total sales or $77.6 million versus 91% last year. Franchise and other revenues, which include wholesale, phone sales, show rooms and outlets, totaled $9.5 million and represented the other 11% of total revenue in the third quarter.  During the quarter we bought back three additional franchise stores and closed our final corporate-owned location in Japan. We therefore ended the quarter with 107 total stores versus 70 a year ago, 98 of which we own and 9 franchise stores, including the four operating in Australia. Gross profit for the third quarter increased $6.4 million or 18% to $41.9 million. Gross margin decreased as a percent of revenue by 660 basis points to 48.1%. Higher occupancy and depreciation expenses contributed 320 basis points of this decrease.  As anticipated, we opened a greater number of stores during the third quarter versus last year. Most of these openings took place in October, which caused us to incur nearly a full quarter of occupancy costs with less than a month of sales from those stores and therefore contributed approximately 130 basis points of the 320 basis point decrease. The balance is from lower productivity from new stores, coupled with the general deceleration of sales late in the quarter. The other substantial impact on gross margin was the 290 basis point decrease in product margin. This is largely related to in-store markdowns, 2 temporary outlet stores opening, and warehouse sales during the quarter. SG&A expense increased 23.9% to $28.8 million for the quarter or 33.1% of total revenue compared to $23.3 million or 35.8% of total revenue in the third quarter of last year. This 270 basis point reduction in SG&A as a percent of sales is due to leverage, good cost control at our store support center, and cost savings at our corporate-owned stores, partially offset by higher depreciation expense related to our new IT systems implemented this year.  These factors overall led to a 6.6% increase in operating income to $13.1 million as compared to $12.2 million last year. Operating margin was 15% this year versus 18.9% in the third quarter of 2007.  Out tax rate for the quarter was 33.1% versus 37.6% in the same quarter a year ago. As discussed on our previous calls, last year our tax rate was inflated by our intercompany transfer pricing structure, which we amended at the end of 2007. Net income from continuing operations rose to $8.8 million versus $7.9 million a year ago or $0.13 per diluted share versus $0.12 per share a year ago. The weaker Canadian dollar negatively impacted earnings per share by approximately $0.01 in Q3. Our weighted average shares outstanding for the quarter were 70.6 million versus 71.7 million for the same period last year. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, we ended the third quarter in a healthy cash and working capital position, and we continue to operate without requiring access to our operating line or other debt. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $49 million, which is down 1.3% from the end of the third quarter last year.  Capital expenditures were $11.3 million in the third quarter and primarily related to our new store buildout costs and IT capital expenditures. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $36 million for the full year. Before commenting on our fourth quarter 2008 guidance, I'd like to remind you of the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, how it impacts our income statement.  First, our earnings are impacted by translating the results of Canadian operations into U.S. dollars. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar appreciates in comparison to the Canadian dollar, our reported earnings are unfavorably impacted.  Secondly, we purchase the vast majority of our product in U.S. dollars; therefore, a stronger U.S. dollar results in a lower gross margin.  And lastly, virtually all of our corporate G&A is in Canadian dollars, which actually provides some positive leverage on our operating margin when the U.S. dollar is stronger. While currency fluctuations impact our comparable earnings growth over the near term, I want to stress that this is not really a reflection of the strength of our core business operations. Also, over time, as the balance of our operations shift more towards the U.S., the impact of currency fluctuations will be reduced.  We've incorporated the recent devaluation of the Canadian dollar and the weaker macroeconomic environment into our fourth quarter guidance. As a result, we now anticipate reported revenue to be in the range of $90 to $95 million. This is based on a comp store sales decline in the low double digits on a constant dollar basis, and 6 new store openings during the quarter bring our total new store openings for the year to 35. We now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.15 to $0.17 in Q4, incorporating a tax rate of 34% and 70.7 million diluted shares outstanding.  Our Q4 guidance is based on an $0.80 Canadian dollar. For example, if the Canadian dollar was at par through Q4, consistent with the level in Q4 of '07, our revenue guidance would have been higher by approximately $16 million and earnings per share would have been higher by approximately $0.04 per share. Our anticipated Q4 results bring our full fiscal 2008 net revenue to a range of $340 to $345 million and diluted earnings per share to $0.55 to $0.57 based on anticipated shares outstanding of approximately 71 million for the year.  This fiscal 2008 earnings guidance includes the $0.02 per share loss recorded in the second quarter resulting from the company's closure of it's four stores that operated in Japan. We closed our final store during Q3, but the closure of this business was fully reserved in Q2. There's no further earnings impact anticipated. While we will not be providing 2009 earnings guidance on this call beyond what Christine has already mentioned about revised store growth, I'll close with a few comments on the coming year.  We're planning our business conservatively as we expect the current challenges to persist and are doing everything within our control to maintain strong sales volumes, keep inventories lean, and manage expenses prudently. If, however, the Canadian dollar remains at its current level and the macro headwinds remain in place through 2009, we expect to see deleveraging of our operating margin in 2009.  However, we continue to believe that over the longer term, in a nonrecessionary commodity, our business model remains capable of delivering our goals of 25% revenue growth, 20% operating margins, and diluted earnings per share growth in excess of 25%. With that, we're ready to turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch.
Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch:  I just wanted to get a little bit more information on the inventory balance, how you were planning that going into the fourth quarter and if you could tell us a little bit more about this module structure and how you expect that to play out in the stores?
Christine Day: I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. We started anticipating both for upside and for downside to buy some of our inventory in [cyclical] modules that we could move throughout the year to reduce our inventory risk. So that's what we did going into the fourth quarter. And that's really about as much as I'd like to say about it from a competitive point of view, but we do believe that the strategies we have in place for an inventory level will help us get through this period that's coming up.
Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: And then just to clarify the comment on ecommerce business, are you expecting to use that to clear product or you just think that you'll be able to put some of the excess product online?
Christine Day: We believe we'll be able to grow our business with ecommerce, and that is our first strategy. We don't really believe at this point we have an inventory problem, so I think sales growth is actually our larger focus at this point in time. So we're comfortable with our inventory levels and really just optimistic about the growth that we'll get from ecommerce.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Thanks very much. A quick question regarding CapEx of $36 million and what seems to be a much more cautious outlook for new stores. Should new store growth come in below the original plan of roughly 35 stores, shouldn't we anticipate a similar contraction in CapEx or are you not willing to sort of anticipate that yet?
John Currie: Well certainly, even in 2008, the bulk of our CapEx related to new store growth. Of course, the other elements are refurbishing existing stores.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I'm sorry. I was referring to 2009.
John Currie: I'm just starting with 2008. So there was, in effect, a high IT capital spend in 2008. That would be lower next year anyway.  But my point is, yes, with lower store growth you'd expect capital spent on new stores to be down proportionately.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just a quick follow on question. The store in Atlanta, the Highland store, was closed on Black Friday surprisingly. Help me understand the thinking behind that. Is that simply a showroom and I misunderstood it as a full retail store?
Christine Day: Yes. That's simply a showroom in the Highland. And that usually only operates three days a week, but we did open a little bit more during the holiday season.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes. Obviously, I was disappointed for my own reasons, but customers were surprised as well. 
Christine Day: And we did react to that, and we have extended the opening hours at that location through the rest of the holiday season.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes. It's kind of more of a retail positioning.  You mentioned store leadership and having the autonomy to adjust to this environment. Could you give us some more detail on how store managers or store executives can react, what kind of autonomy they have to manage their businesses?
Christine Day: We have always had a more entrepreneurial store manager, particularly on the side of community, and we really do let the store manager work to set community events. What you won't see us do in a promotional strategy is put 60% off sale tags in our window. That's really what we've tried to stay away from, from the beginning of the conception of the brand even through these challenging times, and now our strategy is much more localized community events driven by the store manager.  And we feel that that has done well for us, even in the current environment, and we'll continue to pursue that strategy along with our other traditional methods. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And in terms of cost savings, that really comes from the home office, both pricing on product and headcount in stores, that sort of thing?
Christine Day: Headcount in stores, we've trained all of our managers and we recently held sessions with each one of them reviewing all of their schedules, making sure that they put their staff against the peak sales opportunities, because it's really a two-tiered strategy. One is be more effective with your tasks and your hours and your headcount, but the other is really also make sure that you're staffing against your business. And so we make sure that we emphasize both when working with our teams, and so we have just completed a review in the last 60 days and continue to monitor that. And we've seen the business respond, both on the comp side and the upside positively from that.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just one last question. I was in a couple of the fairly new stores in the Northeast, Roosevelt Field and Garden State, and wondering what kind of feedback you're getting from the customers and from your store people regarding the store design. Both are fairly unusual, different from the Natick Mall and different from the other stores in the mall. I'm wondering what your thoughts are - obviously, it's still early in their development - but what your thoughts are about those locations?
Chip Wilson: Well, I imagine it's different for everyone who looks at it. I think the number one thing that we want to do is we're trying not to look like a chain store and be more relevant to the local markets and surprise and delight our customers. So that's our goal. Hopefully, we came through on that.
Christine Day: So are you commenting about the Buddha at Garden State?
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Well, the Buddha in Garden State, the glass front in Natick, the closed feel to the front of both Roosevelt Field and Garden State, and wondering, you know, what are you learning from these sort of different motifs? I mean, does Buddha sell more yoga wear or is it a hindrance, you're better off with a glass front and people watching other people do yoga? I don't know. I'm really just asking what you guys are seeing. The store designs are obviously very different and wondering, based on what you've learned, what should we look for going forward?
Christine Day: I think you'll continue to see unique designs with each storefront, particularly in mall environments, where we like to differentiate ourselves. And we've actually had very positive response to the one particularly at Garden State because it's very unusual and interesting. Natick is a little bit more traditional, which we actually honestly struggle with a little bit more, differentiating ourselves in that mall.  And Roosevelt Field, the store will be [fine] as branded wear. And, as Long Island grows, I think branded wear - and this is more the challenge than anything with the storefronts in that particular store - because it's still very early for us to have entered Long Island, especially when our original plan was to [pass leap] three stores in New York City but, due to some delays, we didn't have that at the time we opened. But now that we have more stores in the city, we are seeing Roosevelt Field grow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Did you mention how many stores you had signed already for '09?
Christine Day: We have 5 deals signed for '09, and we have basically put everything else on hold temporarily and are actively renegotiating with landlords so we get down to a level that we feel comfortable with that can be sustained in a difficult environment for the first - you know, we anticipate at least the first 6 to 12 months of next year and maybe into the next year will be difficult. So we view this as an opportunity to really deleverage the rent infrastructure, and we're going to continue to focus on that.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: What's your hope, though, for '09? What's an ideal number for you just given the infrastructure that you have, the overhead, the real estate teams? What's the ideal number for you to have open in '09?
Chip Wilson: Paul, as we've said, we're planning conservatively. Our cost structure at the SOC is scaled to a level that we're comfortable if it's 5 stores. And beyond that, we'll look opportunistically, but it wouldn't be realistic to pick a number at this point.
Christine Day: And just on that point, I would like to point out we made the move right after I joined last year to outsource everything from construction design, except for some of the base layouts that we do internally here ourselves, so we actually have a highly flexible real estate store development system.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: And inventory in units, can you share that number with us?
John Currie: We don't break it out by units.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Just in terms of percentage change year-over-year?
John Currie: Percentage change year-over-year, I mean, our pricing hasn't changed much in our - I mean, inventories compared to a year ago are, as you've seen, slightly down, so that's reflecting the cleansing of our older inventory that we did earlier in the year. But, I mean, generally our inventory's in pretty good shape at Q3. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: And could you just reiterate what you said about your inventory plans? I think you said that you didn't buy to the current sales trend for the fourth quarter or first quarter. Am I correct? Did I hear that right? And what are you planning inventories down as you think about how you want to exit the first half of '09?
John Currie: As you'd expect, we do buy inventory several months in advance and therefore, for Q3 and Q1, our buy was based on a more positive sales outlook than what we're seeing and what we've guided to for Q4. Therefore, you'd expect some inventory build. Fortunately, we're heading into Q4 in a very healthy inventory position, so the inventory level will come up and we'll focus on strategies to clear that, whether it's releasing to the stores in modules or the other strategies we're using. Even with that buy versus sales trend, I expect inventory at the end of this year to be no higher on a per square foot basis than you saw last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Can you please talk a little bit about, if you think about next year in your planning, the focus, it seems like, is certainly on execution. As you think about your growth initiatives and your products, whether it's price points, is that being adjusted? What are you seeing regionally? And lastly, you mentioned store execution system efficiencies and supply chain leverage. Where do you see the biggest amount of change next year in terms of the focus on execution and bringing it in line with the current top line environment?
Christine Day: I think the one are that regionally breaks out for us - and I think it's a combination of the macro environment and the number of new stores that we've opened - is the New York. We went from 1 store to 9 stores in the general area in a very short period of time, which affects disproportionately, the comp sales at our Lincoln Center store, but obviously a very positive growth story overall. So we definitely feel like we did the right thing in the marketplace, but that did affect our comps. So that would be from a regional perspective the strongest story and some of the reasons that we think that happened there. In terms of going forward into next year and our execution strategy, I think a breather, in some ways, from growth is always a healthy thing, particularly for the stores, allowing them to focus. And we're shifting less resources into opening more new stores so we can focus more on growing the business within each store. I'll always take an opportunity to do that and focus on execution when we can, so we actually view that as a positive outcome in this market and, as we've implemented a lot of new systems, the opportunity to continue to focus on those internally, so that we can get the efficiency from our merchandise systems. In terms of big opportunities for next year, we already have begun negotiations with our supply base and have seen fairly positive responses from the factories that we work with who've obviously suffered tremendous loss of business. So we have very strong partnerships there and we're working closely with each one of those suppliers. We are seeing some of the other ancillary costs and logistics dropping. So we are actively renegotiating almost every contract that we have.  The other opportunities that we're looking at is we do have a lot of renewals in our Canadian market, so we are actively renegotiating those so that we can drop our lease costs in our most significant market.  So, as we look across the levers of next year, we've already done tremendous work on reducing our new store costs, so we feel actually pretty well poised from an infrastructure point of view going into next year with our ability to reduce costs.  And then we are being very opportunistic on the top line for next year, and we've done some things already which I think you in New York would see. We did have one store that we didn't discuss in the Flatiron area, which is a temporary store. Our landlord had difficulty getting his certificate of occupancy for the Union Square location, so we were able to actually build a store in two weeks in a temporary location in the Flatiron area and clear through any inventory that we would have had to carry until the Union Square store will open in early January.  So I think that's just one example of the kind of flexible creativity that you can expect to see from us in growing our top line next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC:  John, I was pretty impressed by your ability to leverage SG&A on the comps you put up in the third quarter, particularly. I think in the past you had told us you kind of needed high single-digit comps to leverage SG&A, so clearly there's a lot of work being done internally which I think is good work as we go into '09. I guess I'm wondering, as you slow growth and as these initiatives play out, what's a good ballpark for a breakeven comp on SG&A next year?
John Currie: You know, in this environment, when I'm guiding to negative comps in Q4, that's a tough question, Sharon. I really don't have a new answer beyond what I've said in the past other than top line outlook is lower than it's been. And as I also said, if the economic condition continues, we're likely to see overall deleverage. Having said that, as you commented about Q3, our cost structure we're working on all the time; it's in line, and we'll continue to do that. I wish I could give you more clarity into '09, but that's tough at this point. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC:  Maybe secondarily, I appreciate your commentary on sales trends in October and November, and I don't think they're terribly out of keeping with what a lot of folks are seeing, but you do have more exposure to Canada than most of the retailers we follow. Is there any divergence happening in Canada versus the U.S. in terms of sales trends?
John Currie:  I think it's fair to say that, again, Canada didn't have the extreme housing bubble situation, so I'd say the Canadian economy has been more resilient, was slower to feel the effects, but is feeling the effects. So our guidance reflects Canada is now in recession as well as the U.S. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC: Are Canada and the U.S. comping about the same?
John Currie: They were not during Q2. As I said, Canada was more resilient. But now it's getting closer. The Canadian comp is still a bit stronger than the U.S., but we're anticipating that they'll both be similar going forward.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company, LLC: And then maybe lastly, I'll put in a plea for the investment community. Last year your reported your fourth quarter pretty late, and I guess I'm wondering if there will be any opportunity for you to at least give us a sales number earlier than what we got last year, after you get through the holidays, if there's any thought of that from the Board level?
John Currie: I do remember that very, very long period where we weren't able to really talk much. I share your desire to be able to talk about our results sooner than - I think it was late March. So I hear you and we'll hopefully deliver something on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs:  I was wondering if you could help us, give us some more quantification, maybe, of the new store productivity if you took out the franchise stores that you brought back and the timing issue that you had in the third quarter. Roughly where are you tracking with the new stores?
John Currie: The new stores that entered the comp base in Q3 - and I think I commented similarly in Q2. And the stores that entered the comp base in Q2 came in, you know, finished their first year significant above the benchmark that we use of $750 a foot. In Q3, that was a bit weaker, but still somewhere close to that $750 a foot on average.  It's hard to comment on stores that are not open a year and just entering their first holiday season, but as you'd expect, they're tracking [inaudible] expections, as are our comp-based stores. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: And then also any update on your thoughts towards hedging? Have you thought about hedging your product costs go forward from here or any new update on that?
John Currie: Yes. Again, as I commented, there are three elements of foreign exchange that impact our income statement. I think it's important to realize that the biggest impact that you saw in Q3 and more so in Q4 comes from translation, which is simply - it's not margin, it's just taking the Canadian results and translating to U.S. dollars. And as I've said before, I would not consider hedging our Canadian entities' profit.  So, as you say, hedging the U.S. dollar purchases for the Canadian company is something we constantly look at. There is some offset in our margins because our G&A is almost fully Canadian dollars, even though a growing amount of our revenue is U.S. dollars. So we're not looking at hedging the Canadian dollar at $0.80 because there's a thought that it's oversold relative to the U.S. dollar. Having said that, it's something we look at all the time.
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: And then just one last one. Any thought on giving us a sense of profitability in the U.S. versus Canada? I know you haven't before, but if there's any kind of order of magnitude that you could offer, that would be great.
John Currie: No. Again, we don't break out Canada and the U.S. really.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suzanne Price - Thinkpanmure LLC.
Suzanne Price - Thinkpanmure LLC:  First, on the 5 stores that you do have signed for next year, should we assume those are opening in the first quarter?
Christine Day: I think there is a couple or 1 of them is - at least 2 of them are new construction, so the timing of those will be a little later in the year. So there are 3 that we anticipate. And there are more stores under negotiation, but the farther that we delay that negotiation to sign those deals, then it just obviously from the construction cycle, etc. - gets a little harder to open them in the third quarter, which is when we'd ideally like to do it.  So honestly, that would be the biggest barrier for us getting as many stores open in the year as we would like to have open, but we believe that it's absolutely the right thing to do, to be really tough in the real estate market right now to deleverage those real estate costs. 
Suzanne Price - Thinkpanmure LLC: Yes, it seems like a lot of stores are closing. You should get a lot of great opportunities. The other question is on gross margins. Thanks for giving some clarity on that. Could we maybe talk a little more in detail about what the different things were that affected it and maybe what part of those you see as ongoing and what part should stay stable or not get worse if things stay the same?
John Currie: In my comments I broke up the two large areas being product margin and occupancy. Occupancy in Q3 was significantly impacted by the new store timing, which you commented on, so you'll see less of that in Q4. And with the lower store growth model in the near term, that will be less of a factor. So that would be expected to cause less deleverage.  Product margins, again, it's pretty tough to be precise but, as we commented on, we do have some excess inventory, so we'll have some strategies to clear that which could involve short term additional markdowns of one sort or another. 
Suzanne Price - Thinkpanmure LLC: But would you say product margin, the issue is mostly on markdowns and outlets and not on actually manufacturing costs or currency?
Christine Day: We've actually managed our production costs very well, so I think there's a little bit of shift. We have the temporary outlets; we've kept them open. It's actually worked really well to keep the product fresh in the U.S., keep our costs low. While you see it maybe in margin because we have such low cost in the outlet stores, we make up a little bit of that in operating margin. So it's actually been a very sound strategy for us to pursue to continue to clear goods.  Between that and the markdowns, we anticipate being able to keep pace, as well as we're more focused on loyalty promotional events. We don't see, even in the current environment, us having to do anything that says 60% - 80% off to keep inventory moving our sales at a healthy volume. So we're optimistic, given the environment, that we're actually pretty poised with a strong gross margin to do better than most in the current environment. 
John Currie: The final piece that I do want to comment on is currency. In Q3, the Canadian dollar was running around $0.95 for the first part of the quarter and then dropped down late in the quarter, primarily October. So the currency impact on margin was fairly minor in Q3. With the dollar running at about $0.80 versus at par a year ago, you will see more of an impact on gross margin in Q4 than you saw in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets:  Have you re-thought the number of stores you think you can potentially have in the U.S. just based on what's going on in the current environment? Are you still thinking that you'll slow square footage down next year, but you can still have 300 some odd stores in the U.S.?
Christine Day: Yes, we still have a very active list of about - you know, even in this environment, we've identified at least 165 on our target list that we are working toward. And we've really spent a lot of time re-sequencing all of the markets, so it's not only the lift of what stores we want to be in, it's also when and in what sequence in each market. So we feel very good about the real estate strategy.  And now, you know, our job is really to be opportunistic and to negotiate those costs down so that we have a very healthy portfolio regardless of what economic conditions we see.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: And then just one follow up on the stores and promotions going forward. Just maybe a general sense of we walk into stores over the next couple of months, December and January, what should we expect to see? Should we expect to see one sales rack per store or two sales racks per store or will it vary? And maybe, other than price-related promotions, anything more specific you can tell us there?
Christine Day: You know, I think it really depends, honestly. Again, I want to stress we don't really believe at this point in time we have an inventory issue. What we're going to be sensitive to is keeping our stores vibrant and busy and the sales flowing through at an appropriate level. And I think that our strategy and the execution will really end up more with where we see the consumer over the next six month.  And I think the holiday season, the next 6 weeks, will be quite telling, and then, honestly, when you get into January, we're very cognizant we'll be competing in a very discount environment for quite a period of time. And so we don't want to be on one end saying we'll never discount, but we know we need to do it in a way that's consistent with the brand, and we believe that we can have a healthy balance. More of our focus will be on - if you're a loyal customer, which I know you are, Howard will be loyalty based programs with our guests helping our partnership with the yoga studios. And so there'll be opportunities for co-promotions with yoga studios where guests might get value with their purchase. So we have a lot of activities that will look more like that than pure discounting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  The negative low double-digit constant currency comp expectation for the fourth quarter, first of all, what are you expecting inclusive of the currency impact? And then second, is that what you are currently running?
John Currie: Yes, that's what we're currently running. That's the basis of the guidance. And, as I said, we're forecasting on the assumption that the Canadian dollar's at $0.80 whereas it was at par in Q4 last year. So our Canadian sales, that's a 20% additional decline. But again, it's not a reflection of the strength of the business. It's just the translation impact.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: And what percent of the sales are currently Canadian?
John Currie: Roughly two-thirds.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then in terms of the comps, can you give us some sense of transaction value versus the number of transactions? I'm trying to get a sense of, you know, has traffic fallen off or are people just buying less when they visit the stores?
Christine Day: We have not seen any impact yet on ticket, which, as I talked about, even though we're a premium product, we have tremendous value and we do have price points that are in the $40 range for the tank to the $60s, so we do still have something for everyone. But even with that, we really are seeing a constant in the average transaction. It's definitely been traffic down, particularly in the mall environment stores, and historically our growth has been all transaction growth, so it's really been in transactions overall. Our conversion rates are still quite good.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: I just want to clarify. I'm not talking about the average unit. I'm talking about I come in the store and buy three units last year and this year I just decide to buy two because I'm on a tighter budget. Have you seen that happen?
Christine Day: No. 
John Currie: Units per transaction are pretty similar.
Christine Day: Pretty constant. So that's why I said our conversion rate - so both the average sales ticket and the bundle - is still very similar. It's just overall traffic being down.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then just one more if I may. Any thoughts on different categories - outerwear, running versus yoga? I've noticed dance has been pulled out of some stores. Can you just talk through that?
Christine Day: We are integrating yoga and dance a little bit more together, so you'll just see a shift in the new line that comes out. And we're just really staying focused on the opportunities that we see. Our running line has been so well received, we can't keep it in stock, so that's really going to be a big focus for us next year. We're very excited. We just saw some of the line for the fall and for next year, and we have a great, great running line coming up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research:  Did you guys indicate what your comp inventory levels are right now on a comp store basis, Christine?
Christine Day: No, we didn't give that. Overall inventory levels are down, both at the store and through the system. So had sales held constant, we would have even recorded a strong inventory story or a reduction in our ability to flow the goods.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Is it fair to say that they're in line with the comp sales decline?
Christine Day: We did buy to - in the quarter coming up - to a stronger comp, but we also planned for contingency planning purposes to be able to move some of that inventory to other times of the year, should we need to. So we actually, as I said earlier, we feel very good about where our inventory position is for both Q4 and the beginning of the year.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: So you were able then to push back receipts with your vendors?
Christine Day: We did a little bit of that into next year and a little bit of smoothing. But like I said earlier, we have so much more flexibility with our inventory and our buys compared to a fashion retailer because we don't have Christmas sweaters, we don't have highly seasonal goods, and the category that is a little bit more seasonal is outerwear and we're through that by the end of Q4 anyway.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And then I'm wondering on the cost side, we're hearing from a lot of other retailers that they've been able to significantly reduce store payroll, and I know that's an area that is sort of your signature, that you have great and well-trained help on the floors. I'm wondering what your positioning is there for the fourth quarter and going forward?
Christine Day: As I said earlier, what we made sure we did was with every single store, the senior team reviewed their scheduling all the way through the holiday. And we do review that on a weekly basis to make sure that we're optimizing where we're putting the hours against sales growth and all of the tasks that you have to do to run a business. We have actually been able to manage our hours down in response to the situation, but still keeping a very healthy sales staff targeted for the guest experience. So we feel very good about where we are with that and have been able to gain leverage on that line.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And Christine, you mentioned warehouse sales as one of the detriments to gross margin. Were these incremental to last year? I had thought you only did them in January - maybe I was wrong on that - and is this something that you'll be doing more of as we go through these tough economic periods?
Christine Day: No. I mean, the one that we did - which was targeted for July but ended up being like that first week of August, so it just was a timing issue; it shifted into Q3, which we talked about in the last conference call - so there was nothing additional beyond that one. We have two actually planned in January, as we traditionally do, and we might even just take that to one.  So that's all that we have planned other than the two temporary outlets, one in Sawgrass and one in Mount Vernon, which is how we really clear the goods in the U.S., and that's pretty much all we're doing in that regard.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And when should we expect the ecommerce business to launch?
Christine Day: We still are right now committed obviously to our original date, but we are working hard to see if we can pull that forward.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And the original date was?
Christine Day: It was basically fall or Q3 of next year.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer portion of the conference today. I'll turn the conference back over to Christine Day for additional or closing remarks.
Christine Day: Well, thank you all for joining our call today. Just to summarize, in this new environment we will stay true to the lululemon brand and focus on doing the right things for the long-term health of the business, while also capturing as much business as we can. I am confident that our company's entrepreneurial spirit, our ability to act swiftly, and our efforts to keep our stores vibrant through our relentless focus on community will help us through these difficult times. We want to thank everyone for their interest in lululemon and wish you a happy holiday. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-09-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jean Fontana - ICR Chip Wilson - Founder and Chief Product Designer Christine Day - President and Chief Executive Officer John Currie - Chief Financial Officer Sheree Waterson - Executive Vice President of General Merchandise Management and Sourcing
Analysts: [Rick Batel] - Merrill Lynch Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs  Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group
Operator: Welcome to the lululemon athletica second quarter earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introductions I’d like to turn the call over to Jean Fontana of ICR.
Jean Fontana: Thank you for joining lululemon athletica’s conference call to discuss second quarter results for fiscal 2008. A copy of today’s press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com, or alternatively, is furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Chip Wilson, Founder and Chief Product Designer, Christine Day, the company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, and Sheree Waterson, the company’s Executive Vice President of General Merchandise Management and Sourcing. All participants on today’s call are advised that the discussion may include forward looking statements reflecting management’s current forecast of certain aspects of the company’s future. In many cases, you can identify forward looking statements by terms such as will, expects, plans, believes, potential, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward looking statements are based on management’s current expectations but they involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements as a result of such risks and uncertainties which include those described in the SEC filings. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward looking statements herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward looking statements which are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Now I would like to turn the call over to Chip Wilson lululemon athletica’s Founder and Chief Product Designer.
Chip Wilson: Thanks for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. Christine and John will talk later about the details. I wanted to take a minute to talk about our first year as a public company which is now we’re into that and very proud of what we’ve done and accomplished in the last year. I’m thrilled about Christine Day as our CEO; we just couldn’t have anybody better. Thanks for being with us Christine. As Christine will discuss we’ve done incredible things, great strides this year on our key initiatives that we outlined at the beginning of the year. What I hope you take away from this call and seeing our results for the coming year is that we’re on a nice steady pace of expansion. We want to really build a world class infrastructure which I think we’re well on our way to doing and to match that with our world class product and our incredible in store experience that our guests love. I’ll pass it on to Christine, she’s sitting right here beside me.
Christine Day: Thank you for joining us to discuss second quarter. Following my opening remarks I will turn the call over to John who will go over the financial details of the quarter. We will then open the call to any questions. We have a lot of exciting things to celebrate this quarter in addition to delivering strong financial results. As Chip mentioned we are beginning to fill in some keys areas that will support our future growth. We’re implementing systems, hiring great people and executing well against our key strategies. We’re also proud of our second quarter results particularly in light of the challenging retail environment in the US. Our revenue and profit performance was driven primarily by a combination of our comparable store sales increase of 13% on the constant dollar basis and 32 net new store openings during the past 12 months. As we enter the third quarter we are very pleased with the content and level of our inventory and our new fall products have seen strong guest response since its recent arrival in our stores. Before I speak about some of our key initiatives I’d now like to invite Sheree Waterson our talented new Executive Vice President of General Merchandising Management and Sourcing to give a brief update on products. Sheree’s role is to oversee the entire end to end business process for product.
Sheree Waterson: I am so excited to be here. Time has flown; I’ve been at lululemon for almost three months now. My first 30 days were spent working in the stores. The store experience was an invaluable part of my on boarding process, it’s allowed me to fully understand and appreciate the culture, community and the guest experience. I’m thrilled to be joining the lululemon team at such an exciting point in its growth and I’m even more excited about delivering inspiring product. Speaking of product, one of our core competencies is black stretch pants and the legend of the grooved pant continues. Just as our bottoms business remains strong our jacket business is stronger than ever. When we flow the product to the store the guest is really responding and buying. In addition to core styles our new novelty jacket including the new [shivakna] wrap, the corset jacket and the [zans] jacket are all top sellers in our initial fall collection. Outerwear has also gotten off to a great start. Our pocket puffy, our offer yoga jacket and the soft shell jacket for both men and women were strongly received by our guests. This is only our second season doing true outerwear pieces and we believe it represents a great revenue opportunity and growth potential for the brand. Another trending category for us is running. Our ability to combine femininity and fashion with technical fabrics and construction has resulted in the success of our running line this year. In the past seasons we treated it as a seasonal category and our guests are telling us that she wants running year round. I am very confident that if we scale our business we have the ability to continue to deliver amazing product and create a great guest experience.
Christine Day: To continue with product for a moment, another key initiative for 2008 was to update our strategy for clearing seasonal inventory to scale with our retail store growth. Historically we mark down our gross supplies on seasonal items in store or consolidate them for two events; our January warehouse sale and the in store post holiday markdown. After analyzing the scalability and the cost of these strategies we’ve made the decision this year to split the warehouse and markdown sales to two periods July and January. This reduces handling and clears the store for the new season. For our US business we will test two temporary outlet stores which are more cost effective and require less diversion of key resources than the warehouse sales. Consistent with this strategy we opened a temporary outlet in Mt. Vernon, Washington in late August and plan to open an additional temporary outlet in Florida in October. For the next years clearance strategy we’ll be using a combination of warehouse sales, limited in store mark downs and temporary outlets.  It is important to stress that these refinements continue to support our gross margin strategy and that there’s no change in the business model. As Chip mentioned in his opening remarks, we continue to increase our execution capability in key areas. We have refined our real estate strategy and for opening process with the addition of new tools such as demographic mapping and impression analysis and a successful outsourcing of our construction management process. We have seen a smooth integration of our key executives in merchandising and logistics as well as advancement in key system enhancements this past quarter and are moving forward with our e-commerce strategy. Now some key points on each starting with what we accomplished during the quarter and what we have to look forward throughout the rest of the year and into 2009. The second quarter we opened 10 new stores in Canada and the United States. We continue to be pleased with our new store openings and our store productivity. Our Chinook center store in Calgary which opened on July 16 is trending to be one of our top 10 stores and our Troy, Michigan and Halifax stores which opened the beginning of May continue to perform exceptionally. We also entered into a joint venture agreement with our Australian franchisee during the second quarter. We have opened two additional stores in third quarter already including our 66th and 3rd Avenue location in New York City which has been a huge initial success in spite of the rain. We expect to open 22 additional stores this year for a total of 35 stores in North America during fiscal 2008. As I stated in our last conference call our goal for this year is to focus on in filling our current market such as New York, Southern California, Texas, DC, Chicago, and Seattle. We are beginning to benefit from the increased clout that our growing store base and brand equity bring to us both existing and new markets. Even so we will continue to refine our real estate selection process to ensure that we are maximizing the productivity and return potential of our [inaudible], meaning that we open the right stores in the right markets with our optimal patience and store opening sequences. We have added more signs to our real estate process.  For example, to our under aggression, models and demographic mapping tools we have learned that we are most success when we penetrate the hardest city or regions and hip urban areas and then work our way out to the suburbs and will apply the strategy more consistently to our store openings in the future. For 2009 we’ll target the best locations and best field possible in this environment. As landlord adjusted changes in the retail environment we are provided with opportunities to reduce our initial investment, improve on these terms giving us more flexibility and reduce the cost structure in the future. We are closely watching the closures of other retailers and its impact on trade areas and malls and ensuring we have co-tenancy occupancy rates and other protective clauses to protect our portfolio. Moving on to new hires in July, we hired a new head of logistics, [Richard Kopkey] who has helped us make good progress towards the end of the second quarter in our supply chain visibility and distribution center and productivity. Richard comes to us from Chico’s FAS and has more than 30 years experience in the retail industry including previous jobs at Abercrombie and Fitch, Footlocker and Broadway stores.  Under his leadership we have already made improvements in the DCs productivity through system enhancements and physical layout changes. We are thrilled with Richard as an addition to our team and we look forward to seeing continued benefits from our efforts and logistics throughout the remainder of the year. We are prepared to make an offer for the head of planning and allocation and are very excited about the prospect of filling this role. We continue to see major opportunities from strengthening our execution and ensuring that we are getting the right product in the stores at the right time in order to maximize guest experience and our store productivity potential. We believe this hire will optimize our allocation process substantially. For my former role, EVP of business units we are taking time to find the right candidate to compliment the skills of the existing management team. Next, our implementation of new systems is progressing very smoothly. Our new merchandise and warehouse management system which was implemented in the first quarter is live and performing well. In addition, our new POS system was successfully installed in all of our stores in the US during the quarter and the Canadian rollout remains on plan for 2009. We have begun our [inaudible] to a lot of advanced allocation systems which we will plan to have completed before the holiday season. Our maple lake merchandizing planning system is scheduled to go live in October and will enable more precise planning and forecasting for our fall 2009 line. Finally, I’m excited to say that we are officially moving forward with an e-commerce strategy which we plan to launch in the second half of 2009. We’re developing and e-commerce business with the help of a consultant that will combine internal web development, merchandising and call center service with an outsource platform and facilment. We have assembled our internal staff which is being led by Lee Stanley an exceptionally talented former general manager and remain on track to launch the site in the second half of 2009. In summary, e-commerce is just one of the tremendous opportunities we see for lululemon brand in the future as it will enable us to reach incremental markets, generate new demand and convenience for our guests. In spite of this very challenging macro environment we continue to be excited about our tremendous growth potential and we’ll be ready to execute at all levels. We are very pleased about our continued top line momentum as well as the people and processes that have added to the business in a short period of time. We want to assure our shareholders that we are making the right decisions consistent with the long term health of the business and brand. Now John can give you some details on the second quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year.
John Currie: As Christine indicated we’re very pleased with the results we achieved in this second quarter 2008. After addressing our results in more detail I’ll provide guidance for the third quarter and the full year. Second quarter total net revenue increased 48% to $85.5 million as compared to $57.9 million in the second quarter 2007. This increase was driven by a combination of 32 net new stores opened since the second quarter 2007 including 10 new stores in the second quarter 2008 coupled with the comparable store sales increase of 13% on a constant dollar basis including the impact of the stronger Canadian dollar comparable store sales were 18%. As of the end of Q2 there were 49 stores in our comp store base, 35 of those in Canada and 14 in the United States. Our corporate owned store sales represented 92% of the total sales or $78.3 million versus 90% last year. Franchise and other revenues which include wholesale, phone sales and showrooms totaled $7.2 million and represented the other 8% of total revenue in the second quarter. We ended the quarter with 92 total stores versus 60 a year ago, 80 of which we own. During the second quarter we closed three stores in Japan and opened one additional franchise store. Our new stores not yet in the comp base also continue to perform in line with our expectations in the quarter. Gross profit for the second quarter increased $13.6 million or 44.4% to $44.4 million. Gross margin declined as a percent of revenue by 120 basis points to 51.9%. Merchandise margins improved during the quarter, in part due to refunds of excess duty payments and in spite of markdowns from the clearance activity in July that Christine spoke to. However, higher occupancy and depreciation costs related to new stores opened during the quarter and those scheduled to open in Q3 contributed to the gross margin decline. Remember accounting rules require that rent and depreciation on new stores must be expense commencing on the possession date even if there’s a free rent period and even though the stores generate little or no revenue during this pre-opening period. Higher costs associated with our production, merchandising and distribution departments also reduced gross margin as we continued to invest in people to enhance our capabilities. SG&A expense increased 40.7% to $28.8 million for the quarter or 33.7% of total revenues compared to $20.5 million or 35.4% of total revenues in the second quarter of last year. The 170 basis point reduce in SG&A as a percent of sales is due primarily to lower options expense and leverage on corporate headquarters expenses versus last year. Overall, operating income increased 51.7% to $15.5 million as compared to $10.2 million last year. Operating margin leveraged year over year with operating margin of 18.2% this year versus 17.7% in 2007. Our tax rate for the quarter was 21.7% versus 46.5% in the same quarter a year ago. As discussed in our previous call, last year our tax rate was inflated by our inter company transfer pricing structure which we amended at the end of 2007. In addition, during the second quarter the rate was favorably impacted by the recognition of deductions for stock option expense and for tax savings associated with the US company’s NOL. All these deductions were anticipated in our guidance for full fiscal year tax rate in the low 30’s. The benefit was fully recognized in our second quarter as opposed to the expectation for more even recognition throughout the balance of the year. Just to clear, this shift in timing which added approximately $0.02 earnings per diluted share in Q2 does not represent a change in our tax rate or earnings per diluted share expectation for the full year. Net income from continuing operations rose to $12.3 million versus $5.5 million a year ago or $0.18 per diluted share versus $0.08 per share a year ago. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were $70.4 million versus $68.9 million for the same period last year. During the second quarter fiscal 2008 we incurred a charge of approximately $1.2 million or $0.02 per share for discontinued operations resulting from the company’s closure of our stores in Japan.  Net income after deducting this loss was $11.1 million or $0.16 per diluted share as compared to $5.1 million or $0.07 per diluted share in the same period last year. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, we ended the second quarter in a healthy cash and cash equivalent position totaling approximately $44 million and as before we continue to have no debt. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $43 million or up 82% from the end of the second quarter last year. We’re very pleased with the content and the quantity of our inventory as we enter the fall season and are confident that we’ve struck the right balance between planning for our growth and planning conservatively given the economic environment. Capital expenditures were $19 million in the second quarter and primarily related to our new store build out costs and IT capital expenditures.  I’ll now turn to the outlook for the outlook for the balance of 2008. For the full year we continue to anticipate comparable store sales growth of high single digits on a constant dollar basis. We now expect reported comparable stores sales growth of low double digits versus our previous expectation of low teens for the year assuming that the Canadian dollar continues to be weaker in the second half of the year. We continue to plan 35 new store openings in North America for the year and are maintaining revenue guidance of $380 million to $385 million. We continue to expect diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2008 to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.71 per diluted share. Fiscal 2008 earnings guidance includes the $0.02 loss per share recorded in the second quarter resulting from the company’s closures of its four stores that operated in Japan. The closure of Japan has been fully reserved for in Q2 and so there is no further earnings impact anticipated for the rest of the year. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we expect the full year fiscal tax rate in the low 30% consistent with our previous guidance. Finally, we expect $71 million diluted shares outstanding for the year. For the third quarter 2008 we expect comparable store sales growth in the mid to high single digits on a constant dollar basis and low to mid single digits on an actual reported basis plus 15 new store openings in North America during the quarter. We expect diluted earnings per share between $0.11 and $0.13 per share in Q3 which compares to $0.11 in the third quarter fiscal 2007. In our third quarter we’re opening a greater number of stores versus last year. The majority of these openings are expected to take place in the third quarter which causes us to incur nearly a full quarter of occupancy and other store related costs with less than a month of sales from those stores. While the timing of new store openings and related store expenses will cause fluctuations in our quarterly earnings guidance over the balance of the year it averages out and we remain on plan. Our fiscal 2008 guidance remains above the company’s previously stated long term growth targets of net revenue growth of approximately 25% and diluted earnings per share growth in excess of 25%. With that we’re ready to turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from [Rick Batel] - Merrill Lynch.
[Rick Batel] - Merrill Lynch: Can you quantify some of the metrics that caused the gross margin to drop in the second quarter specifically the depreciation and higher occupancy and then perhaps comment on the implications for merchandise margins?
John Currie: Gross margin declined in spite of strong merchandise margins. As I indicated there was a benefit from excess duty repayments but overall merchandise margins were strong and that we true in spite of the mark down activity in Q2. Our merchandise margin is solid it really is primarily the occupancy and depreciation costs related to the new store openings because those costs do reside in our cost of sales. There’s a bit more detail of that de-leverage in the 10-Q which was issued this morning. The other piece being increased costs in production, merchandising and distribution. Those really represent the strengthening and deepening of the teams in those areas so that we’re improving the supply chains.
Christine Day: That was in our LOL office in Hong Kong which is where we’ve now moved closer to the market through our quality control and manage our factories which will benefit us long term.
[Rick Batel] - Merrill Lynch: As the new stores come online in the second half should we expect to see a gradual improvement in the gross margin?
John Currie: What you’ll see is, in my remarks I alluded to this. The timing of new store openings especially a high number of new store openings against a fairly low base has quite an impact on the timing of incoming expense. In Q3 for example there are a very high number of store openings. As well several of the Q3 and early Q4 store openings are some of our higher productivity New York and other strong market locations. What you’d expect to see in Q3 would be the same or more negative impact on gross margin coming from the timing of those new store openings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs : Is the new store productivity, what are you seeing in terms of trend there. It looked like it ticked down quite a bit from the first quarter and then secondly, on the inventory position I know you mentioned at the outset it was clean but you did also take some additional markdowns in the quarter the inventory position relative to sales looks higher than it was in the first quarter, a little additional color there.
John Currie: In terms of new store productivity as I said we continue to see the new stores performing pretty much in line with our plan. There were six new stores that ended the comp base in Q2 so that’s the best measure of new store productivity because they’ve got a whole year now under their belt. On average they were well above the minimum of 750 per square foot that we discussed in the past. Stores that have been open less than a year of course it’s too early to get specific about their performance. In general, on average, in line with our expectation. In terms of our inventory level, as we said we’re very comfortable with our inventory level at the end of Q2. It is up about 82% over inventory at the end of Q2 a year ago though as you’ll recall last year in Q3 we were continually out of stock and I think the Q2 ’07 inventory position was a little bit low and that’s part of what resulted in those other stock positions last year.  The clearance activity that took place in July I think has freshened up our inventory so we’re comfortable with the content of the inventory and I think we’ve got a good balance of being prepared, positioning ourselves for growth but protecting the down side in generally tough economic environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you refresh our memory about when you bought back those three Calgary franchisees because I think that’s been affecting, at least on the surface, the new store productivity number in previous quarters and make it look like it’s a big decline this quarter? Maybe you can share with us what the dollars were associated with those three stores. Also, just a question on Japan, how did that factor in in terms of the total sales number? Were Japan sales included in the prior quarters in the store revenues and the second part is are they now no longer included in that number, can you give us some color on the new store productivity?
John Currie: You may a good point, we bought back the three Calgary franchise stores at the start of April last year and those are of course very high productivity stores in the Canadian market where the brand is very well established and in Alberta where the economy is very strong thanks to oil. Those are high productivity stores and I think it’s possible that some people would have been confused by average new store productivity if they failed to recognize the volumes of those stores.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you share with us what those volumes were to help with the calculation?
John Currie: We don’t comment on specific store productivity but they’re well above our overall average.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: How about on Japan?
John Currie: The revenue is really immaterial, well below $1 million last year I believe. It was in last years numbers. This year, because Japan is in discontinued operations what you see is just the net revenue less expenses on one line item which is discontinued operations. Overall it really isn’t material.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: On expenses it looks like in dollars expenses were lower in the second quarter relative to the first. I’m trying to tie that together with how many stores you guys have open or have opened during the quarter. I’m sure there’s some currency impact but maybe just comment on how expenses would be down sequentially and how we should think about expense dollar growth as we go into the back half of the year.
John Currie: I assume you’re referring primarily to the SG&A. Probably the most significant timing shift that you saw from Q1 to Q2 was in stock options expense in particular Bob Mears performance vested options which previously under accounting rules were being expensed each quarter over the expected time to vesting. As you’ll recall those options vested in the first quarter and as a result the stock option expense related to that was fully recorded in Q1 and therefore there’s no further ongoing expense in Q2 or beyond. That was a large item and then…
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: How big was the dollars there?
John Currie: That was about $700,000 additional expense in Q1. Generally there were across the board a variety of areas where spending was just more disciplined then in the past.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you talk about the promotional cadence throughout the quarter? What was planned at the beginning of the quarter versus how it played out in terms of promotions that were taken in stores? I believe, Christine, you mentioned the warehouse sales did that all go according to plan, just trying to dig down into the promotional cadence a bit.
Christine Day: What we recognize is the stores weren’t clearing as they normally had in the past some of their end of seasonal mark downs and so they were getting DC and we kind of sorted up which is why you don’t see over the quarter any real degradation of the margin. The other thing that historically we’ve done is we’ve moved the product to the warehouse and held it particularly in Canada and with Richard coming on we’ve seen the opportunity to reduce one of our secondary warehouses and bring the goods straight in to reduce our cost structure but that meant then that we had to move the clearance items instead of holding them until January which was costing us money in July so we did the breakdown of that.  It also allowed us to really prepare to flow the goods for holiday with everything that’s coming in with the high volumes that we see. Those were some of the inputs into the decision making process that we made to go ahead and pull the trigger to clear the goods in July and do the warehouse sale then.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Can you piece out the inventory build or maybe give us an inventory per foot or how much of the inventory relates to new stores and how much relates to sales plan.
John Currie: To be honest, our store model really, it’s not an in store inventory management model, it’s mostly a DC based model. If you’re asking about in store inventory versus overall inventory its not really meaningful. It’s also very difficult to talk about metrics of inventory per square foot when the growth in square footage is so dramatic. What I can say is what you’re seeing is an inventory build that takes into account the expected sales in the existing store base and sets us up for a significant new store openings. As I said for Q3 and early Q4 several very high productivity, high expectation stores.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Are the comps in Canada running consistently the comps in the US, are they kind of mirroring each other or has there been any change there?
John Currie: They are actually very close. It’s continued as it has in the past. Very slightly higher comps than the US I think because of the stronger economy but again they’re very close to each other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia - William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Do you have what the inventories were up on a comparable store basis?
John Currie: I don’t have that handy. Maybe we can follow that up on subsequent calls. I don’t have that information handy.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: I think you mentioned build out costs and better lease terms going forward. Is there any way you can put some kind of quantifiable metric behind what you’re expecting going forward on build out versus historically and how the lease terms are trending?
Christine Day: On the build out, even though we’re going to more street locations, which are typically more expensive because you’re not getting a clean vanilla shelf from your landlord. We’ve been reducing our cost structure pretty dramatically overall on the store costs basis by going to outsource construction. One of the things I worry about is what if there is a slower economy and we don’t see the growth rates, how do we make sure that we can keep our cost structure in line.  We’ve been doing everything we can on both the lease costs and the construction costs to make sure that we have a really healthy cost structure in case that does happen even through I will again say we see no signs of that for us. It’s been a key focus of ours and I don’t think John’s going to let me give you an exact number. It’s well below our historical run rate in the past year.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: On e-commerce it’s good that you guys are going forward. I’m wondering at this early stage do you think as you look out to ’09 is it a relatively neutral impasse to earnings or should we expect the e-commerce initiative to be diluted a bit again in ’09?
John Currie: It’s really early to be giving, I’m not giving any ’09 guidance yet. We really don’t want to go so far as to try to give revenue or earnings guidance on e-commerce. We’ll add additional information and guidance on e-commerce over the coming quarters as we move further.
Christine Day: We’re getting all of our final proposals in right now so we’ll have a better idea of the costs going forward probably for the next call.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: I heard what you were saying on currency. Is there any thought about hedging the profit impact at this point or do you think you’re pretty naturally hedged?
John Currie: It comes up every call we think about hedging a lot. The impact of currency on us is overall the biggest impact is on the Canadian company’s profit which is something I never look at hedging. If we were to hedge and what we’ve considered hedging is the Canadian dollars exposure to US dollar purchases. The policy on hedging would be when the Canadian dollar is trading above it’s expected near term level then that’s the amount we would consider hedging. We’ve haven’t put any hedging contracts in place so far. With hindsight that has probably benefited us. We do continue to look at it. The other thing I’d spend in hedging it’s like an insurance policy it might smooth your very very short term earnings but it has no real impact on the long term viability or health of the business model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Did you say that the comp outlook has changed just a tad I think from low teens to double digits?
John Currie: I only changed it to take into account that the Canadian dollar is running a little bit lower.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Lower than you had expected it.
John Currie: Yes, it had been running very close to par and it’s a little bit lower the past month. That’s the only change on a constant dollar basis we’ve not changing our outlook.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: That’s reflective in the third quarter comp change as well from, did you go to mid single digits for the third quarter, and I’m confused.
John Currie: It is reflected in our comp guidance for Q3 and for the balance of the year.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: What is the comp guidance for third quarter?
John Currie: The third quarter comp store sales in mid to high single digits but because of the currency level versus a year ago on a reported basis it would be low to mid single digits.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I was wondering if the amount of store openings that you’re going to incur in the next few months, I think there’s 22 more to go is that right. Will that give you any incremental benefit on the gross margin line in the fourth quarter as you leverage some of these rents that you’re paying for or should we look for this pressure on the occupancy line to continue to hurt the gross margin.
John Currie: The bulk of the timing fluctuation related to these new store pre-opening costs you’ve seen some in Q3 and you’ll see it’s already in Q2 and you’ll see it in Q3. Q4 the stores are open, revenues coming in and of course it’s the highest period of the year. The direction would be higher gross margin due to leverage in Q4 and without a distortion from these new store opening costs.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: We get it back in the fourth quarter what we might be pinching the gross margin line right now we get it back then.
John Currie: Right.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: That’s a fair way of looking at it.
John Currie: Yes it is.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I don’t think this occurred with you guys but for a number of specialty retailers during July and August their Canadian business began to slow we think because they were up against tough comparisons. I’m wondering if you are seeing, it sounds like it’s still very strong and during the quarter matched the level of the United States comp growth or was it even a little better. I’m wondering if you’re seeing any deceleration there because I am seeing it at a number of other players in the business.
Christine Day: Not yet. We watch that everyday. We see what’s happening. Our variance in sales I’ll honestly tell you is still related to whether or not we get the deliveries to store on time and we’ve working on smoothing that with our carriers and going to everyday deliveries and we’re seeing positive results from that in the business.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: On the inventory front if there are new categories of business or a level of investment in new categories of business that weren’t reflective or were at lower levels last year at this time that might be affecting the inventory numbers. In other words, the assortment. [Inaudible] investment is higher this year than last.
Christine Day: Yes, some of the value of the inventory is higher because we’ve leveraged more which I think we’ll see reflected in the next quarter as we brought in the sales for the outerwear garments.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I see more outwear in the stores right now than I did last year at this time.
Christine Day: As we mentioned it is performing. This is only our second season of the outerwear business so we are looking at this and obviously this is a really positive response from our guests.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I also wanted you guys to know that the new store on 3rd Avenue looks fabulous.
Christine Day: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: Regarding the clearance stores, the temporary locations, will those be simply a pop up store for 30 days or we have an ongoing location, a continuing lease in those two locations?
Christine Day: We’ve been able to work with the landlords there is that we have the right to operate it up to six months but to close it at any time that we want to.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: More of a month to month relationship?
Christine Day: Yes, so what we’ve done is we’ve taken over, like the first one is a former J. Crew and we left the fixtures that they had in there and brought in rolling racks and some great seats for the men to wait in. It’s been very popular. There’s no incremental build out cost for us doing those and we treat them almost more like we’re doing an in place warehouse sale and creating the same kind of energy and fun we did. It really takes far less resources as we looked at trying and scaling warehouse sales across the US. We’re really trying to create the same level of energy in just a very efficient way.
Richard Jaffe – Stifel Nicolaus: A question on some of the enclosed mall locations you’ve opened recently in the past year, how you’re seeing them perform both in terms of sales but also in terms of their product needs the differences between those stores and some of your highly successful street locations.
Christine Day: That’s tough; I would tell you we also have malls that are in the top of our productivity range particularly where there is inclement weather. I think it’s hard to generalize that power. I think it’s also where you have a successful brand and where we built it the right way you really see the malls then performing. Lessons we’ve learned from the real estate strategy is when we go to suburbs and we open the mall they’re a little bit slower to ramp then what we’ve done to penetrate the cities faster. By going in and re-penetrating those cities we see those pop and the ramp changes. We know we’re doing the right thing from a real estate strategy. It’s less I think to do with anything that we’ve seen from a product mix or really even weather.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: My first question I don’t know is Chip still with us on the line.
Chip Wilson: Yes I am.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: My question related to your plans, you own a lot of stock. I see that you’re transferring some to some employees and understand that but do you have any plans for the balance of your holdings to sell at this point?
Chip Wilson: No. The real thing is that I probably took a couple hundred million selling to private equity people and then a little bit at the IPO. I don’t what I’d do with the extra money. I’m in the company everyday. I’m in Washington today. I went to three stores yesterday and took all the educators out for breakfast and design meeting last night. It’s what I love to do. I don’t know what else I would do in the world. If we have all our goals set up around our company for every employee and minor out there loud and clear that I’m in it. I’m a neophyte at this to a great extent, definitely my wealth investors are telling me that a smart person would diversify and I think at some point in the future maybe I will listen to them but I don’t see anything for the next three years anyways.
John Currie: Just to clarify on that point is hopefully most of you saw there was a second press release issued today that did talk about the transfer by Chip of some shares. To be clear those related to stock incentive programs that were put in place by Chip back in 2005 before the private equity investors came in, before the IPO and this is simply fulfilling on those plans.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: My second question just relates to the markdown versus occupancy pressure. Is there any way you can provide specifics on how much pressure was in the second quarter and how much to expect in the third quarter. With the change in promotional strategy did that mean that some markdowns shifted into the second quarter from the third quarter?
John Currie: If you look at last year really the bulk of markdowns took place in Q4. What you saw is a shift of those annual markdowns from Q4 into Q2 and I think you’ll see that in the future Q2 and Q4 will be where you see some markdown activity but more evenly spread between the two of them. In addition to that, more of a level markdown experience throughout the year through these temporary outlet locations.  Having said that, the overall approach to markdowns and clearance of excess inventory even though we’re evolving the strategy it doesn’t change our expectation for overall markdowns. It doesn’t change our target or expectation on our overall annual gross margin.
Operator: Your last question comes from Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group:  Can you talk a little bit about in terms of John and Christine, John in developing the business what are the key metrics that you’re monitoring as a growth company to make sure you’re on track and Christine now that you’ve been there a while what new processes have you put in place as the business grows and what metrics do you see them impacting, how has it evolved relative to your initial thoughts?
Christine Day: My team would probably tell you too many. I really do believe in financial discipline and rigor and business processes. We’ve been doing a lot of work around that as a team. A lot of bottom up forecasting. We’ve gone through a very detailed strategic planning process as a team and including all of the initiatives, program costs and details for really the next anticipated three years because you can plan three years and you get enough to do for five is the way that I ways look at that.  Managing the timing of those investments and spending against the revenues I feel very comfortable with where we are with our strategic plan and how we’ve built the numbers going forward. In terms of the monthly business disciplines we’re busy reinventing all of our internal reports so that we’re really watching the business in the right way and I can tell you watching Sheree work over the last three weeks I’ve found my soul mate in that in Sheree.  She’s putting a tremendous amount of rigor and discipline around managing the inventory, the sales reporting, how we manage our flow of goods to store and Richard has already brought a whole new set of KPIs and reporting to the warehouse and given us a tremendous amount of visibility all the way back in the supply chain to where the product is flowing and what date things leave. We’ve had just remarkable improvement in our financial metrics and clarity to look at what it’s doing in the last quarters. I’m really proud of where the team has come with that.
John Currie: In terms of metrics, no surprise of course we look at comp store sales growth as a measure on the overall health of the business year over year. What we focus on more than most retailers and most of the market is the importance of the new store ramp rate productivity because our comp store sales again they are important but so much of the story even on a quarter to quarter basis is how well are the new stores going. Of course longer term it’s the successful execution of the new stores that are going to drive our growth. We monitor gross margin leverage because as I’ve talked about before there are several positive and negative levers. Everything from making sure that our production and sourcing team are getting the best possible product costs to managing the occupancy and deprecation charges on stores that are coming through in the comp to sales line. We’re at a point now where as we’ve talked about we do see us generating leverage on SG&A. We’re at a point where that’s really got to be the focus. We continue to build the team both at the executive level and down through the ranks and we’re increasing our efficiency and it’s important to make sure we’re pacing the growth in the platforms and the G&A spend that drives but packing it with the growth of the company and getting that positive leverage.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: How many new stores are flowing into the comp base in the third quarter and fourth quarter?
John Currie: That’s a good question that I don’t think I’ve got on my cheat sheet. I do have it. Q3 there would be 12 new stores in the comp base and Q4 there will be a further six in the comp base.
Christine Day: The other metric that we talked about in the past and that is really the people at the store. We have already completed all of our hiring through the balance of this year even including down to assistant managers and the program we put in place has put us in the position where even through Q1 we have most of our people in place in the system through the assistant manager rank program that we’ve done for opening our stores for Q1. We feel really good about our people pipeline as well.
Operator: This does conclude our Q&A portion. 
Christine Day: Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. We just want to reiterate again that we have tremendous confidence in where the business is. The infrastructure that we are building the results that we are seeing, the guest response to our product and I think we stand in the quarter more confident than we’ve been in any quarter about our ability to grow this company into a tremendous brand and business that we can all be proud to be a part of. Thank you for joining us on the call.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-06-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jean Fontana - ICR Robert Meers - Chief Executive Officer Chip Wilson - Chairman Christine McCormick Day - President, Chief Executive Officer - Designate, Chief Operating Officer John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Vivian Ma - Oppenheimer Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research 
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the Lululemon Athletica first quarter earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Jean Fontana of ICR. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Jean Fontana: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining Lululemon Athletica’s conference call to discuss first quarter results for fiscal 2008. A copy of today’s press release is available in the investor relations section of the company’s website at www.lululemon.com, or alternatively, is furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay for 30 days shortly after the call on the investor relations section of the company’s website. Hosting today’s call is Bob Meers, the company’s Chief Executive Officer; John Currie, the company’s Chief Financial Officer; Christine Day, the company’s President, COO, and CEO-designate.  All participants on today’s call are advised that the discussion may include forward-looking statements reflecting management’s current forecast of certain aspects of the company’s future. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as will, expects, plans, believes, potential, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations but they involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of such risks and uncertainties which include those described in our SEC filings. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements herein and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements which are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Lululemon Athletica’s Chief Executive Officer, Bob Meers. 
Robert Meers: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2008 results. I am joined today by Chip Wilson, Christine Day, our President and Chief Operating Officer and CEO-designate, John Currie, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as a group of other senior managers in the company.  Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Chip and then Christine to review select strategic initiatives, followed by John who will go over the financial details of the quarter. We will then open it up to questions.  I am extremely pleased with the continued momentum of our business through the first quarter. Revenues increased 75% to $78.2 million and comparable store sales were up 28% and operating income up 71% for the quarter. I am pleased that our comparable stores in both Canada and the United States continue to perform well and our new stores were very strong in the quarter.  As I have said in the past, this type of performance is a testimony to the strength of the Lululemon brand. The growing market for performance in active apparel among our target demographic, our great guest experience and our technical product continues to evolve with the demands of our active minded health conscious guests.  The double-digit comparable store sales increase and strong gross margins are not easy to deliver in today’s current economic environment. However, I do believe that the tide will continue to rise for our market niche and that where we are very well-positioned to continue to gain market share as we expand our store base and eventually migrate into e-commerce.  We opened three new stores during the quarter in can and the United States, and then four additional new stores opening have been completed since the beginning of May, and these new stores including Troy, Michigan; Denver, Colorado; Chino Hills, California; and Halifax, Nova Scotia. And I want to point out that the initial results in Troy, Michigan and Halifax stores were among the best in our company’s history. These are secondary markets and we believe the hunger for our product in these new markets is a great indication of the success we will have as we continue to roll out across North America.  We expect to open 28 stores this year for a total of 35 stores in North America during fiscal 2008. That brings me to the next phase of our growth. As you know, we plan to continue to open the 35 stores annually for the next three to five years. We also have opportunity in e-commerce and international expansion. As these opportunities grow nearer and the organization grows larger, we need to be sure that we have the right tools to maximize our potential.  I continue to emphasize that the key for us will be the people we have in place and the systems we have to manage our expansion.  The first thing we have done is chosen Christine Day as our next Chief Executive Officer, who I believe is the best person to lead this company through the next phase of our growth and beyond. She is already in the process of making some important hires and identifying other processes and ideas that will allow Lululemon to capitalize on the opportunities in front of us. Christine will provide you with the details of the plan that she has already put in motion and John will run through the details on how and why we are impacting our earnings slightly this year, but I want to point out that these incremental investments we have being made, not only are they there to ensure our current growth plans are smooth and well-executed but also to position this company to play in some additional arenas in the future and thus add incremental positive returns for our business.  For me, it is gratifying to know that a very strong foundation is in place at Lululemon and a talented new CEO will be leading this organization into the future. Christine will officially transition to the role of CEO in June and I will remain in an advisory capacity for the balance of the fiscal year.  So with the company in very good hands, I want to personally thank all of our employees, our shareholders for supporting me and the company over the past few years, and I wish Chip, Christine, John, and the entire organization the best as they continue to grow into one of the premiere retailers and brands in North America, and one day globally.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Chip. 
Chip Wilson: Thanks, Bob. That was really well-said and thank you for everything you’ve done. We, a fast-growing company, new times, and I’d just like to introduce Christine Day again as someone who I think not only has tremendous leadership but fantastic people skills, and so on that I’ll turn it over to Christine. 
Christine McCormick Day: Thank you, Chip and good afternoon. I am certainly thrilled to be working with the team and honored to be taking over the reins of CEO of Lululemon Athletica in the midst of its exciting expansion. As I said at our analyst day a couple of months ago, our priority is growing the brand through opening stores while protecting the tremendous culture we have at Lululemon. This is an exciting time as we have so many opportunities in front of us. We are still very under-penetrated in the United States. Our e-commerce business is just beginning to be formed, and the international market is still virtually untapped.  As Bob mentioned, we are making some additional investment in our business to better position Lululemon for future growth. The idea behind these initiatives is to make sure we are maximizing our current potential, as well as putting the right team in place to expand into tomorrow’s new business successfully. Also, while our new stores continue to open with very strong productivity and our current store productivity is at the top of our industry, we still think we have opportunities to execute even better.  We are set to open 35 stores this year and are already working on our 2009 leases. One of my goals is to focus on in-filling our current markets, including New York, Southern California, Texas, D.C., Chicago, and Seattle. We will also to continue to focus on making sure that when our guests enter our stores, especially in new markets, they can see our product advantages and have a great guest experience.  We will continue to focus on our execution and ensuring we are getting the right product in the stores at the right time in order to maximize both the guest experience and our productivity potential.  One of the key lessons I learned while at Starbucks was in a high-growth phase was that investing in people ahead of the curve is critical for longer term success. We’ve got to have those leaders who understand what the future looks like but also stay with those core people who built the company from ground up.  As announced in a separate press release today, I am pleased to announce that we recently hired Sheree Waterson as Executive Vice President of General Merchandise Management and Sourcing. Sheree comes to Lululemon with over 25 years retail experience, including positions such as President of Speedo at Warnaco, Inc., and Vice President Women’s Merchandising at Levi Strauss & Company. She will oversee a team at Lululemon that includes global production, community legacies, visual merchandising, and merchandise management.  Other key hires later this year will include a head of logistics and replacing my former EVP of Operations position, two very critical functions as our store base grows. But we are also making sure that internally, our people continue to receive the development that they need. We’ve been working on development plans for all of our core people who have been working hard to create this culture and this opportunity. We are focusing on some simple changes in our stores. We are increasing the number of assistant managers in our stores and the amount of time they spend in market prior to new store openings. We also have made some changes to our training programs to provide more training for our managers so that we have more seasoned operators opening stores. We have also made changes in making sure that we have showroom locations in new markets a year in advance of new store openings.  Another extremely important initiative for us this year is our e-commerce strategy. Currently in the strategic planning phase, the project is on track for generating revenue in the second half of 2009. We are excited about this next phase of growth for Lululemon but are also cautious that we will not burden our current systems and people before they are ready.  As we look at other initiatives, we continue to see major opportunities to strengthen our supply chain infrastructure. We have made and continue to make significant investments in our new IT systems, which will increase our execution abilities, enabling us to more efficiently get the right product to the right stores on time and ultimately further our long-term growth. Our new merchandise and warehouse management system, which was implemented last quarter, is live and performing well. This month we began the process of installing our new point-of-sale systems, which will be rolled out to all U.S. stores by the end of August and to Canada in 2009. Also, we will be installing Maple Lake in July, a new merchandise planning system which will allow for improved product forecasting. This will be followed by a new JDA advanced allocation system in September.  I’d like to finish by pointing out that our philosophy will continue to be focused on doing the right things for the long-term health of this business. At this point in our growth cycle, in order to support new management we are incorporating these additional expenses equated to a couple of cents earnings per share into our guidance for the year. We want you to be assured that all of these initiatives are designed to pay dividends for many years ahead. We expect to get a return on these in a number of ways and believe this is the right decision for the long-term good of the business.  As I transition to the role of CEO, I would like to thank Bob for all of his hard work over the past two years. He leaves the company in excellent shape and I look forward to continuing to attract new [guests] to our brand, providing innovative new products and building on our distinctive community-based approach to retail. Our sales momentum, our culture, the store experience, and the lifestyle driven brand we offer keep us extremely encouraged about our long-term growth [in the future].  Now I will turn the call over to John. 
John E. Currie: Thanks, Christine. As Bob and Christine stated, we are pleased with our first quarter results. We are continuing to run our business with a focus on capitalizing on our significant long-term potential. I’ll address our slight change to our 2008 guidance following my discussion of our first quarter results.  For the first quarter of fiscal 2008, total net revenue increased 74.5% to $78.2 million, as compared to $44.8 million in the first quarter of 2007. Our corporate owned store sales represented 90% of this total at $70.6 million, an increase of 85.7% over the first quarter of 2007. This increase was driven by a combination of 27 new corporate store openings since the first quarter of 2007, coupled with the reported comparable store sales increase of 28%.  The strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar contributed 13% of this comp store sales growth, meaning that on a constant dollar basis, our comp store sales increased 15%.  We ended the quarter with 85 total stores versus 54 a year ago, including 74 corporate owned stores versus 47 corporate owned a year ago. Our new stores not yet in the comp base also continued to perform at or above our expectations in the quarter.  Franchise and other revenues, which include wholesale, home sales, and showrooms, totaled $7.6 million and represented the other 9.7% of total revenue in the first quarter.  Gross profit for the first quarter increased 83.6% to $41.5 million, with gross margin expanded by 260 basis points to 53.1%. The appreciation of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar last year, coupled with stronger merchandise margins, contributed to the increase. These improvements were partially offset by higher occupancy and depreciation costs associated with the upcoming new store openings. The majority of our new store openings have shifted to earlier in the year, the second and third quarters this year versus the fourth quarter last year.  SG&A expenses were $29.8 million for the quarter, or 38.1% of total revenues, compared to $15.8 million or 35.2% of total revenues in the first quarter of last year. Certain one-time charges relating to management changes, including severance expenses, executive search fees, as well as the accelerated vesting of Bob Meers’ performance based options, in total amounted to $1.9 million during the quarter and caused 240 basis points of the 290 basis point SG&A increase.  As anticipated with the go live of our new merchandise management system on February 4th, depreciation expense in the system capital costs also contributed to the increase this quarter.  Operating income increased 71.1% to $11.7 million, or 15% of sales as compared to $6.8 million, or 15.3% of sales a year ago.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 30.8% versus 49.6% in the same quarter a year ago. As discussed on our previous calls, we worked with legal and accounting advisors to make adjustments to our inter-company transfer pricing rates, which has historically inflated our tax provision. These adjusted rates are reflected in our first quarter tax rate.  Net income rose to $8.5 million versus $3.5 million a year ago, or $0.12 per diluted share versus $0.05 per share a year ago. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 71.1 million versus 70.6 million at year-end, [inaudible] to the vesting of Bob Meers’ performance options.  Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, we ended the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately $34.1 million and we continue to have no debt.  Inventory at the end of the quarter was $55 million, or up 113% from the end of the first quarter last year. A major component of this reported increase is in transit inventory of $10 million this year versus $1.5 million in transit a year ago, so excluding the $8.5 million increase inventory in transit, inventory was up approximately 60%, which is in line with our sales growth, especially considering the under-stocked position we were in last year.  Historically, as many of you have noted, our stores have had difficulty keeping up with demand for our products and we have been focused on our supply chain and sourcing in order to bring the right product to our stores on time this year. We believe our current inventory levels will improve our in-stock position going forward, as well as support our aggressive growth plan for the remainder of the year.  Capital expenditures were $8.6 million in the first quarter and these expenditures related to our new store build-out costs and IT capital expenditures.  We’ll now turn to our outlook for the balance of 2008. We continue to anticipate comparable store sales growth of low teens or high-single-digits on a constant dollar basis, and 35 planned new store openings in North America. Due to strong sales at new stores not in the comp base, coupled with an earlier-than-anticipated new store opening calendar for this year, we are raising revenue guidance to between $380 million and $385 million, versus previous guidance of $370 million to $375 million. However, this higher revenue will be offset by certain identifiable SG&A costs that were not in our original budget, primarily resulting from new management hires and the other strategic initiatives that Christine outlined in her remarks.  The company expects an effective tax rate in the low 30s for the full year, and finally we expect to end the year with 71.7 million diluted shares outstanding.  Fiscal 2008 earnings guidance continues to include a charge of approximately $0.03 per share resulting from the company’s planned closure of its four stores currently operating in Japan, which is expected to occur by the end of the second quarter of 2008.  So overall therefore, based on the results in the first three months and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year, the company is now expecting diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2008 to be in a range of $0.68 to $0.71 per share, down slightly from our original guidance of $0.70 to $0.72.  Our new fiscal 2008 guidance remains above the company’s previously stated long-term growth targets of net revenue growth of approximately 25% and diluted EPS growth in excess of 25%.  For the second quarter of 2008, we expect comparable store sales growth in the low teens on a reported basis or high-single-digits on a constant dollar basis, plus 10 new store openings in North America during the quarter.  We expect diluted earnings per share between $0.12 and $0.13, which compares to $0.07 in the second quarter of fiscal 2007.  So with that, we are ready to turn the call back to the operator for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Paul Lejuez with Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: A couple of questions; anything that you can tell us on the monthly trend during the quarter, and if you saw any sort of a deceleration in the month of May over that?
John E. Currie: If you are asking was the comp trend starting high and trending lower, the answer is no, there was no real trend month-to-month in the quarter, nor [inaudible]. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: And you said nor in May, correct?
John E. Currie: Yeah. Now, having said that, I’m not -- I’m staying away from monthly comp guidance, so you should anticipate that the quarter is as guided for Q2. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: And can you talk about any updates to your new store model in the U.S. now that you have a few years under your belt? What has been the average year one productivity and how have comps trended in years two and three, if you can help us understand that a bit better?
John E. Currie: Paul, it’s a valid question but I think it would be overstating to say we have a few years of history and a good base for comparison. You know, we continue to operate with our store model that you’ve seen, which represents the minimum. We are experiencing on average sales higher than that and again, it’s too early to really change our expectations of how the comp trends go. So I would say that we haven’t changed our new store model. 
Robert Meers: And I think that the performing above the minimum base is still prudent for us to be planning internally focusing on return on cash and capital investments, and I also believe that we need to make sure that we keep the metrics in place so that we stay lean. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: And then just last, in terms of regional differences, anything that you are seeing across the U.S.? Particularly interested in California and Texas, because I think Texas is one of the regions where you guys might have been a little bit slower as you open stores in that state. Any color you can provide there?
Christine McCormick Day: We are still very pleased with the overall results and openings of all of the stores and we are seeing some turnaround in the Texas market, based on some of the strategies that we’ve implemented there. And we are excited about the new stores that we will be opening in the market. We think the real estate is stronger than some of the real estate that we’ve opened to date, and I think that will give us the real bell weather for the Texas market. 
Robert Meers: And California continues to perform, even though that’s probably our highest built-out area to date in total numbers of stores. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks and good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Michelle Tan with Goldman Sachs. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: I was just curious about why the change or why the new kind of viewpoint on the need to maybe build out some strength at the management level and maybe give us a little more detail on what some of the big competencies are that Sheree brings to the table, you know, areas where you may have been deficient before. Thanks. 
Christine McCormick Day: Sheree’s skillset in particular, she has e-commerce in her background, which we did not have anybody on the team that had the retail e-commerce expertise. She also has, which I think is a complement to Chip and Bob, the supply chain experience at a deeper level than anybody that we’ve grown internally on the team, so just making sure that we have that extra bench strength. And she’s also [from the independent] rapidly growing businesses which many of our internal players have not, so it’s really filling back Bob’s skillset as he exits the business. And she’s also very skilled in the performance fabrics which we work with. 
Robert Meers: I think also we did not have the systems in place and so we would have frustrated professional talent in their inability to have the data they needed to be able to do their job, and the timing of bringing in a senior management team to surround Christine where they will know the leader that is in place has many years in front of them and they can form their own high productive team, the timing of that is perfect for this, as well as following on the heels of giving them the tools they need to be able to run a professional business. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful, thank you. And then also, any update on the e-commerce rollout, how things are going so far in terms of building the infrastructure up and any updates on timing?
Christine McCormick Day: Basically the initiatives planned for really the back-half of the year with the expenses, which is part of the other reason you don’t see the leverage in SG&A because the investments we planned fall through the back-half, but we are -- have a presentation with our board this week, laying out the various strategic options and then we will begin to execute the plan sometime towards the back-half of our year, still on target for the launch in ’09. 
Michelle Tan - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Lorraine Maikis with Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good afternoon. I just wanted to ask about gross margins and where you think the potential is going forward, and will we continue to see such large gains on that line item? And where do you expect those to come from?
John E. Currie: A year over year analysis of gross margins may be complicated. If you remember back when we were on the IPO roadshow and our gross margin of 51%, we talked about seeing a couple hundred basis points of leverage from that point. Now, we saw that in the latter half of 2007. We are in the 53%-plus gross margin range in Q1 and as I said at various conferences, we do see positive levers helping on the gross margin line but somewhat offset by other levers, such as depreciation and occupancy costs on new stores that initially open up at lower productivity. So lots of pluses and minuses but overall we expect gross margins to be similar to what you’ve seen with some room for leverage but not dramatic. 
Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: And then Christine ran through a number of initiatives, some that we’ve heard about and some that may be incremental. Can you just highlight specifically where the additional SG&A cost pressure is coming from for the rest of this year?
Christine McCormick Day: We’ve already mentioned e-commerce is [back-loaded] in the back half of the year on the SG&A. We’ve increased the number of showrooms and now have that on trend, as well as our assistant managers into the back half of the year, which really poises us well for the openings of new stores. We have met on the real estate side with many of the developers through the ICSC and have come -- refined our two-year multi-year strategy for stores with a lot of the developers, so we’ve now secured [inaudible] sites on a lot farther out time-frame, and so we’ve been refining our store management strategy to make sure that we have managers who have been in the system for six months to a year in advance of all of those store openings.  So really the work we’ve been doing is fine-tuning that strategy so that we open with strong -- continue to open with strong stores, which is what leads to our healthy business. 
Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Good afternoon. I guess a couple of questions. On the addition of assistant managers, I think you said, Christine, at all stores an additional assistant manager. Can you give us a breakdown at this point as to what the typical management system is at the store level?
Christine McCormick Day: So we have a store manager and two assistants and then we have key-holders, which basically fill in the hours that the store manager and assistant manager wouldn’t be part of, and the structure is the store manager is obviously the general manager of the store and then we have them focus on -- assistant managers focused on community and on product inside the stores to make sure that we are -- we have the right product in the stores and it’s merchandised well, and then obviously community because we are so community oriented as our marketing. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: So is this a stair step increase where in the past month or two every store has had an additional assistant manager or is it something that’s rolling?
Christine McCormick Day: It’s still in the process of rolling completely but we are probably about mid-way through putting the second assistant manager in the stores, and then the plan is that those assistant managers come out and then manage the new stores, and so that’s where the rotation would be, rather than at the store manager level so that we have consistency in the execution of that store. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay, and then separately on the showrooms, I guess the increase in showroom time before a market opens, are the showrooms actually losing money initially? Is that why it’s a hindrance to SG&A or -- 
John E. Currie: No, the showrooms -- consider them to break even, so you are going to see revenue on the revenue line with a low gross margin and SG&A but overall that’s our marketing spend that pays for itself. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay, and then I guess lastly, you increased the SG&A by the SG&A spend I guess $1 million to $2 million, or $0.01 to $0.02, so -- I mean, is that enough as you look at the business, Christine, and you’re coming in? Are we going to see some other infrastructure investments that haven’t yet been identified? And then separately, in ’09, 2010, should we expect to start seeing SG&A leverage again?
Christine McCormick Day: We believe that you will. This is really the correct key positions that we feel for building the management team. I think as we refine our e-commerce strategy, we feel that we’ve got the expense side built in for that but I think we are still refining that a little bit. But on the whole, we feel these are the remaining key positions for the senior management team -- 
John E. Currie: Sharon, I continue to expect to see a 20% operating margin in ’09 and ’08, we will still expect to be somewhere between where we were in ’07 and in that 2009 target. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good afternoon. I just want to follow-up on Sharon’s question with a little bit heavier hand, if I may. I mean, does the management team and the board really understand the magnitude of the change in perception that results from a guidance reduction at this point in the company’s history? And we really just need to get a sense from you that this guidance is conservative enough, because I think one of the things that many of us really appreciate about your model is there are places that we can point to, new store productivity margin, et cetera, where we felt like the model was conservative. So can you give us any comfort that you won’t be coming back to us three months from now with some added expense categories? Because I do think it’s going to be an overhang for some time unless we get that comfort. 
John E. Currie: To answer your first question, yes, we certainly understand the importance of our current guidance and especially a revision, and we do think that revising as we have has been prudent. We did a full re-forecast and tried as best we could to anticipate any further spend. Are we being conservative enough? Yes, we definitely feel we are being conservative enough and furthermore, we will be looking for opportunities to run more efficiently and do better. But we feel that this is conservative and prudent guidance revision. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and then second question is can you just give us a little bit of detail on the inventory flow resulting from your systems evolution as it occurred in the quarter? Are you pleased with the progress that you’ve made and how should we see systems implementations happening through the balance of the year? Are they still on track? 
John E. Currie: Well, with the MMS and warehouse management system up and running, we’ve talked about it before, you know, it’s now in place. We’re at the point where we are actually figuring out how to make best use of it, so have you seen improvements yet? No, but clearly the system, you know, we can see where certainly by the end of the year we see a more efficient flow of inventory. The rest of the systems, as Christine outlined in her remarks, were on track. The point-of-sale system is being implemented in U.S. stores as we speak, followed by advanced allocations and planning in the summer and September, so all of those systems are on track and will be in full use for the busy fall/winter season next year. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just actually one more, if I may sneak one in -- any update on the competitive front? We’ve seen some sort of more fashion retailers launching yoga product. Can you just give us your perspective on those types of competitive offerings and the competitive environment overall?
Robert Meers: I still think that the competition is growing the market and obviously they are seeing the growth in activewear and healthy living and athletic participation. To date, the competition that we’ve been looking at both online, in catalog, and at retail we think is healthy for us and we believe that the infrastructure we have in place, and more importantly the location of our stores, the added costs that we put into our fabric, and then the community based marketing is much more critical than just having something that looks fashionable.  And I would say that the competition on the general athletic side, the general large wholesalers are putting an emphasis on technical fabrics that are coming off the competitive playing fields and I believe that that’s helping us in terms of getting a jump start on some long-term research and development that otherwise would be longer to get to market. And particularly as we expand our categories that the opportunity is not yoga -- it is exercise, fitness, and general fitness activities and the success that we’ve seen in our running line, our jackets and outerwear, our soon-to-be-delivered swimwear line, and our men’s business really indicate that competition is still following as opposed to coming up with something truly innovative. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Adam Clark with BMO Capital Markets.
Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could give us some sort of -- you mentioned regional differences in sales in the U.S. but if you could talk to your main, or your key market here still up in Canada, if there were much differences up here. 
John E. Currie: Sorry, there’s some background noise. Canada continues to be strong. Our comp-store sales in Canada were consistent with the U.S. In fact, if anything, I guess the U.S. was slightly stronger but no, the Canadian store base and sales are -- we’re not seeing any issues. 
Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. But west versus east, would west -- is it fair to say that west would have been stronger than east?
John E. Currie: No.
Christine McCormick Day: No.
Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets: No, about the same? Okay. And then non-mall versus mall locations -- is there much difference?
John E. Currie: As always, we don’t see significant differences between malls and street locations and that hasn’t changed, given the economy we’re in. 
Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and just finally, you mentioned how much currency has an impact on your top line but I was wondering if you could break out for us what it meant to the bottom line for the quarter?
John E. Currie: No, Adam, I don’t have that broken out. I think if you go back to our 10-K, when you look at ’07 there’s -- as an example, it attempts to quantify what a change in currency would be and I think you can extrapolate that to [inaudible]. 
Adam Clark - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Next we’ll go to Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: John, can you give us a sense of where you think inventory is going to be at the end of the second quarter?
John E. Currie: You know, I’m not giving inventory guidance at this point but you know, I’ve measured it in terms of forward weeks, et cetera. I expect second quarter will be similar to this quarter. 
Robert Meers: Yeah, Howard, I think the key is to look at forward weeks, not inventory turn. And when you take into consideration the number of new stores we have opening, the seasonal flip of the putting in warmer weather product into the stores and then the getting and maintaining size integrity on our core product, we are comfortable where we’ve got a good handle on that inventory and it’s growing in the right shape. 
John E. Currie: And I guess the other color on that, in my remarks, I did comment that most of our stores are opening in Q2 and Q3 this year, and of course there’s an inventory build to fill those new stores. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. And just in terms of the comp, would you say that the bulk of your comp is being driven by increases in transactions?
John E. Currie: Yeah, it’s traffic, transaction. 
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go next to Vivian Ma with Oppenheimer. 
Vivian Ma - Oppenheimer: Thank you. Good afternoon. I was wondering if all the exit costs related to Japan will go through in the second quarter of this year. Are there any in the first quarter or rolling into the third quarter at all?
John E. Currie: A very small amount in the first quarter. The bulk of it will be the second quarter. There will be some spillover into the third quarter. 
Vivian Ma - Oppenheimer: Can you -- is the amount in the first quarter, can you -- how big is that number?
John E. Currie: It’s immaterial. 
Vivian Ma - Oppenheimer: Okay. Secondly, I want to ask a question about the New York area, new stores. I’ve noticed there is a slight delay, which is typical to this market. Are you expecting any further delays to the [upper east side] store, or some to the Hansen store at all?
Christine McCormick Day: We’ve just been waiting for the landlord to finish some work there, so -- but I believe that we should -- that date that we now have is a good date. It’s on track and we’ve got I think two other stores that are coming up right after that. 
Vivian Ma - Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Good afternoon, everyone. Congratulations. I wanted to ask John first if he could talk a little bit about -- he identified some costs that came to $1.9 million in SG&A spend in the first quarter. Did you point them out -- the executive search, the depreciation of the new stores, et cetera, as one-time or are there parts of those expenses, John, that would be considered one-time in nature?
John E. Currie: Yeah, it is really for the most part one-time, given the changeover. As I said, there’s severance costs, search fees for the new positions that Christine referred to, the acceleration of the vesting of Bob’s options -- 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Can you identify how much that was and if that will occur again in the second quarter?
John E. Currie: No, that won’t occur. I mean, that’s not accelerated. I think it will be end up being publicly separate anyway, so it’s about $800,000 to $900,000 of the total. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: So close to a penny a share in the earnings today?
John E. Currie: Yes. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And that would be considered one-time in nature?
John E. Currie:  Yes. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, and are there any other components of that $1.9 million that would be considered one-time?
John E. Currie: Well, for example, we’ve outsourced certain functions in our real estate group and as a result, that resulted in some terminations in severance pay. I view that as a one-time. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Right, right. Okay, but the executive search and the depreciation of the new stores is an ongoing, wouldn’t you think so?
Christine McCormick Day: The executive searches wouldn’t be. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. 
John E. Currie: Not at this level, the senior people. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, and when you look at the change in guidance on the year, which is a $0.01 to $0.02, is a lot of that coming out of the second quarter guidance or is that spread in Q2 through Q4?
John E. Currie: Sorry, your question was it coming out of Q1 versus the others or -- 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: No, Q2. Would it be coming out of Q2 as opposed to being spread across Q2 through Q4?
John E. Currie: I would think it’s quite balanced over the three remaining quarters. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, and then on the inventory, you said that we should expect it to be about the same coming out of Q2. Is that including the in-transit level as well, so we should expect it to be up over 100%?
John E. Currie: I mean, the in-transit is always a bit of a wildcard because that’s goods that’s on a ship somewhere. It may not get to us for four weeks, so when I -- I think about what we have on hand in the DCs and in the stores. That’s really what I’m referring to. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: So you’re referring to the inventory up about 60%?
John E. Currie: Again, I don’t want to get too specific on guidance but yeah, it would be consistent with where we are at the end of Q1. And again, repeating the point I made before, a lot of stores open in Q3, so you will see inventory at the end of Q2 that has to be in place to open those stores. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And then on your guidance on sales, you took I think -- correct me if I’m wrong -- you took the total sales number up. I’m not sure you took your comp guidance up. Am I correct on that?
John E. Currie: That’s right. The comp guidance, we were bang-on for guidance for Q1 and we are not changing comp guidance for the balance of the year, so the improvement is coming from better results at new stores that are not in the comp base, as well as some additional store weeks because we are tracking towards earlier openings on some new stores. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: And was your second -- first quarter benefited by a lower-than-expected tax rate or was that tax rate on expectation?
John E. Currie: That was pretty much on expectation. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Right, okay. So there’s really nothing unusual then in the first quarter numbers except for the one-times that you pointed out to us?
John E. Currie: Yeah, exactly. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay, and then I just wanted to -- Christine, maybe if you could tell us in your first -- I don’t know, maybe 60 days, I don’t know how long you’ve been there. Probably longer than that, I apologize for that, but maybe some observations where the characteristics of the business may be somewhat different than you had expected and what that looks like, please. 
Christine McCormick Day: I think actually the business continues to really surprise me in a very positive way. I think it’s just a matter of refining the strategy to make sure that we continue to perform, and so in areas of my -- from my focus has really been the real estate strategy for multi-year and making sure that we really get the quality deals and sites that we should be looking for. The e-commerce strategy, so that we really take advantage of the market opportunities that we have there; the U.S. store people pipeline is another just really critical strategy for us in terms to continue to execute our community-based model the way that we want to, and then supply chain. You know, frankly our number one opportunity is just getting the product in the right size runs to the stores and the demand has outstripped our capability in some cases to execute some of the [side runs] and that’s a real focus, which is also what we’ve been trying to address with the inventory. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: So you’ll be able to capitalize on those over the next 12 months or so?
Christine McCormick Day: Absolutely. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Okay. Hey, lots of luck, you guys. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Thank you. What is your expectation for revenue in Q2? I don’t believe you gave a number there. 
John E. Currie: No, I haven’t given specific revenue guidance for Q2. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Why would you not?
John E. Currie: Comp-store sales are a good indicator of the health of the business. With the number of stores we are opening, to give overall revenue guidance, there’s too much variability based on when the stores actually open, so I’m limiting my guidance to comps. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay. Well, I guess I’m looking at you are going to grow stores by 50% this year, you are expecting high-single-digit same-store sales, and yet the high-end of your revenue guidance implies I guess 41% revenue guidance. So I’m trying to reconcile the 50% store growth and the very healthy same-store sales versus only 41% revenue growth. 
John E. Currie: Don’t forget the stores are open, not -- the new stores are not open the full year. Opening stores halfway through the year or later, it’s going to skew that calculation. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay. Also, Christine, in your -- in the press release, you suggest that there were some incremental SG&A expenses. I’m assuming you mean that these were incremental relative to what you told us two months ago. Is that correct?
Christine McCormick Day: At that point, we had not secured all of the final candidates and the offers that we had made, so we have been looking at their [inaudible] -- expense of the stock options for the new hires effective this year for their initial grants, and so some of that is what we’ve been refining. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: So this relates to stock option grants of new hires that you didn’t know about two months ago?
John E. Currie: Yeah, that’s right. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay, and that was really -- essentially the only incremental SG&A that you’ve suggested today versus two months ago?
Christine McCormick Day: Some of it has been refining the strategies for e-commerce and that’s a significant -- that’s back-loaded in the back-half of the year, and that’s in the SG&A number as well. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: But the e-commerce is still $0.5 million to $1 million -- am I correct there?
Christine McCormick Day: Yes, depending on which way we look at the strategy, yes. 
John E. Currie: And again, consider it a placeholder. I mean, we haven’t a refined budget on that. It’s still our best estimate but having said that, this was an important initiative and that could be a higher portion of what we’ve indicated today. 
Operator: Thank you and at this time, we have time for one final question, and we’ll go to Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: I’m sorry to log back in. I guess my question relates to your inventory comments. Do you think that there is still -- sorry, I didn’t realize I was on speaker. Do you think -- is there any way to quantify how much you feel you walked last year by being out of stock? And then I’m sorry, I just have to follow-up on that last comment -- are you saying that the SG&A may come in higher once you refine the plan? That’s what it -- 
Christine McCormick Day: No, no, no. 
John E. Currie: I’m saying the SG&A guidance that was given, that we’ve given includes an estimate of e-commerce. That’s all. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, but are you committed to bringing the actual in line with that estimate? Or if you feel like you need to spend more, will you spend more?
John E. Currie: Back to your original question and I will reconfirm, we fully expect that our SG&A guidance is conservative. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And how about how much you felt you walked in terms of sales last year by being under-inventoried -- any guess?
Robert Meers: I don’t -- I wouldn’t know how to do that because it’s all anecdotal and we did, as you remember, really increase the amount of inventory we brought in and got into the stores last year and did air freight throughout the holiday season, both from the factory and then from the warehouse into the store. But even there we couldn’t keep up with the sales. But there’s no way, Liz, to be able to -- for us, with the systems we had in place, to be able to quantify that. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: I know that right now, because you are running sort of lean and in chase mode, you are not as focused as inventory turn but would it be safe to assume that you will implement that sort of discipline at some point when the inventory catches up with the sales trends?
Robert Meers: Yeah, I think you eventually do shift your focus to inventory turn but in a high-growth business, I think you can get internally focused too soon in your growth curve and then you become a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, and that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the program back over to today’s speakers for any additional or closing comments. 
Christine McCormick Day: I would like to thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to delivering another great quarter coming up. 
Robert Meers: Thank you. 
Operator: That does conclude today’s call. You may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Teklits - IR Dennis J. Wilson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Product Designer Robert Meers - CEO, Director John E. Currie - CFO 
Analysts: Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Michelle Tan - UBS 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is William, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Lululemon Third Quarter and Fiscal 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period. And now it’s my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Joe Teklits. Please go ahead.
Joseph Teklits - Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon. Before we get started I would like to remind you of the company’s Safe Harbor language. The statements contained in the conference call which are not historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act from 1995. Actual future results might differ materially from those projected in such statements due to the number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are described in the Company’s filings with the SEC. And now, I would like to turn the call over to lululemon’s Founder, Chairman and Chief Product Manager, Chip Wilson.
Dennis J. Wilson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Product Designer: Good morning, and thank you for coming. We’ve got a great quarter, and I think it’s definitely our great team and our wonderful product. And we are very proud of what we have done. And with those results, I’llI just pass it on to Bob Meers. Bob.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us to discuss our third quarter results. In addition to Chip this morning, I am joined by John Currie, our CFO and my group of other senior managers in the company. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John to review our financial highlights. We will then open the call up to questions. Before I address the progress in the third quarter, I would like to briefly reiterate my comments on recent news article regarding the contents in our VitaSea product line. We believe that we have earned an excellent reputation, and the brand loyalty of our guests by consistently providing high quality innovative merchandise. We believe that this is paramount to our Company’s success. To ensure that we live up to these high standards that we have set and that our guest have come to respect, we extensively test our product for content, using a leaning independent testing facility. Based on these standards and practices, we stand behind the integrity of our product and processes, including VitaSea. And I am pleased to report that we have experienced very few returns, and we did not believe the media coverage has negatively impacted our VitaSea or our business in general. Now I want to briefly highlight the results of our third quarter. We are pleased to have once again delivered strong top and bottom line performance. Sales exceeded our expectation, with revenue rising 84% to $66.2 million on a 36% increase in comp store sales for the quarter. Operating income increased 152% to $11.8 million, driven, obviously, by strong sales, gross margin expansion, as well as SG&A leverage. Along with our strong store comp sales increase in the quarter, we successfully opened 10 new stores, including eight in the United States, one in Canada, and one in Japan. Since the end of the third quarter, we have opened an additional eight new stores including six in the Untied States, one in Canada, and one in Australia. And we expect to open three additional stores in the balance of the fourth quarter, brining our year-end total to 81 stores worldwide. We expect to open 27 stores in North America this year, up from our original plan of 25. We will now be growing our store by 59% in ’07, and I am proud of the team’s ability to exceed our expansion goals this year. We are also pleased with the productivity level of our newest stores, which have exceeded our internal hurdles. And we believe that the success of our recent stores openings further demonstrates affordability of our brand retail concept into the United States. We continue to expect to open between 30 and 35 stores…. new stores in North America in fiscal 2008, with new markets including Hawaii, Maryland, Georgia, North Carolina, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Connecticut, New Jersey, and Eastern Canada. And we will also fill in existing markets in Northern and Southern California, Massachusetts, New York, Texas, Florida, Illinois, Denver, and Ontario. Looking ahead, we are beginning to establish our presence in new markets for future growth. We opened four new showrooms during the third quarter in Atlanta, Georgia, Austin, Texas, Charlotte, North Carolina, and Philadelphia, in additional to our existing showroom locations, which are open and already seeding the new markets for us. We are building brand recognition in these markets in preparation for retail store openings in 2008 and beyond. We are very pleased with our initial response to these marketing efforts, and look forward to expanding our relationships with local yogis and fitness instructors in these communities. Another focus for us on the operation front has been supply chain enhancements, which are allowing us to flow enough inventory to meet the demands of our expansion efforts and our strong comp store sales growth. Since the last quarter, we have been successful in repositioning our inventory stock to include more men’s products as well as more core sizes, and in our core styles, in our women’s business. We are in a good position to the third quarter and are currently in a very good position inventory-wise for our holiday season, with our inventory up over 80% over last year. This just does not happen by chance. Over the past year, we have added senior level executives, additional support in Asia, via our own sourcing office in China, and two new larger, more efficient distribution centers, one in Canada and one in the United States. We are also implementing a new ERP program. All these efforts combine to solidify our sourcing efforts and to shorten the product development and supply chain cycle, ultimately speeding up the product flow to our stores. On the product front, we are experiencing strong reception through our winter outer wear collection that we introduced this year, and we fully expect to have full sell through of this collection within the next three to four weeks. In summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance. We are executing better than ever thanks to all of the dedication and hard work of everyone in the entire organization, including our management team that continues to gel as a cohesive unit. I believe the strong results in the third quarter demonstrate that a distinctive community based approach to retail, and the innovation and product quality we offer, create tremendous brand loyalty and continue to attract new customers to our brand. We are very pleased that both our comp stores and new stores are exceeding our expectations. Whether in some of our original markets, such as Southern California and British Columbia or our new markets like New York and Northern California, in reaction to our product, our culture, store experience and lifestyle driven brand keeps us extremely excited about our future. I would like now to turn the call over to John Currie to discuss the financial details of the quarter.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bob. We are very pleased with our Q3 results especially continued strong sales momentum, and our ability to source and execute effectively providing products to meet this above planned demand. Beginning with revenue, our total net revenue was $66.2 million for the third quarter, an increase of 83.9% over the third quarter of 2006. Our corporate owned store sales represented 90.6% of this total, at $59.9 million, an increase of 105.6% over 2006. This increase is driven by a combination of a 68% increase in our corporate store base from the third quarter of ’06 comparable to a reported comp store sales increase of 36%. The strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar contributed 10% of this comp store sales growth meaning that on a constant dollar basis, our comp store sales increased 26%. Non-comping stores are also performing well above our expectations for the quarter. Other revenues which includes franchise, wholesale, home sales and showrooms totaled $6.2 million and represented the other 9.4% of total revenue. Decline in other revenues of 8.9% from 2006 was a direct result of the buyback of our three Calgary franchise stores on April 1st of 2007. Gross profits for the third quarter increased 91.5% to $35.9 million and gross margin expanded by 210 basis points to 54.2%. Strong merchandise margins coupled with leverage of our design, production and occupancy costs due to higher sales have contributed to the increase. SG&A expenses were $24.1 million for the quarter or 36.4% of total revenues versus 39.1% in the third quarter of last year. This 270 basis point improvement was primarily driven by leveraging administrative costs and depreciation. This is partially offset by increased store expenses related to higher concentration of new store openings during Q3. The result of our gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage was an operating margin expansion of 480 basis points to 17.9% or to $11.8 million for the quarter versus $4.7 million a year ago. Tax expense was $4.8 million for the quarter or a rate of 38.9% versus 66.1% last year. During the third quarter, we worked with legal and accounting advisors to make adjustments to our inter-company transfer pricing rates, which has historically inflated our tax provision. This adjustment is reflected in our Q3 tax provision and earnings year-to-date. Resulting net income, available to common shareholders was $7.6 million or $0.11 per share. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 71.7 million. Turning to the key balance sheet highlights, we ended the third quarter with… we ended the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately $36.3 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $49.7 million or up 80.4% from the end of the third quarter last year and in line with our sales growth expectations for the quarter. We are very pleased with our current inventory positions prior to this holiday season. We have the right amount of products to meet the inventory demands associated with our rapid store rollout and strong comp store sales. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $8.8 million. The expenditures relate to our new store build out costs and costs related to the implementation of our new ERP system, which will become operational in February of 2008. Now let’s turn to our updated outlook for fiscal 2007. We now expect fiscal 2007 net revenue to be in the range of $255 million to $260 million, which incorporates a comp store sales growth in the high 20s for the full fiscal year or in the low 20s on a constant dollar basis. Our operating margin for the year is expected to be approximately 18.5%. Also for the year, we are projecting an effective tax rate of approximately 41%, leading to diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.40 to $0.42. We also anticipate diluted weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 70.3 million for fiscal 2007. This updated outlook for 2007 incorporates a fourth quarter comp store sales growth of approximately 30% on a reported basis or approximately 15% on a constant dollar basis, plus 10 new store openings in North America in Q4 bringing our total for new store openings to 27 for the year, or two ahead of previous guidance. We anticipate that our Q4 tax rate will be approximately 36%. As in the third quarter, the company will experience costs relating to our new public company status that were not incurred in the prior year. The fourth quarter also incorporates our plans change of our fiscal year from the calendar reporting periods to the 52, 53 week fiscal year on a Sunday… Monday to Sunday basis. As a result of the plan change, our fiscal 2007 year will end on February 3, 2008. The impact of this change is expected to be immaterial to our fiscal 2007 results. We plan on giving fiscal 2008 guidance when we report our fourth quarter and 2007 year end results, but we want to reiterate. We continue to expect 30 to 35 new store openings in North America in 2008. We expect our leverage point on non-merchandized cost of goods sold and SG&A, to be at a constant dollar reported comp increase of approximately 10%. As well due to planned amendments to our purchasing processes and transfer pricing policies, we expect our reported tax rate to be approximately 34% beginning next year with some seasonal shift to the rate depending on the mix of Canadian and US profits in each particular quarter. Again, we’ll offer more detail on our 2008 fiscal year and color on the seasonality of the business when we report Q4 results. With that, I will turn it back to Bob.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thanks, John. Before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to reiterate how much this management team appreciates all the hard work and dedication of our Lululemon team of employees. There has been a tremendous amount of hard work performed at this company over the past few years to position it to maximum success, as we identify and exploit the many growth opportunities that are out there. I am extremely proud of this organization’s ability to grow our store base and drive significant comp store sales growth this year. And while we have executed of these above planned results, we also continue to build upon the infrastructure that is in place to provide similar success for the long-term. We see the health and fitness trend that are building momentum. We see customers gravitate to our brand, product culture and service levels. And we see a tremendous amount of white space for our stores, both domestically and internationally. And when we put all this together we are excited about the future prospects for the company. With that I’ll open the call up to questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll go to our first question from Margaret Mager from Goldman Sachs
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Hi, it’s Margaret, and congrats on another excellent quarter. I have a couple of questions, Bob. First of all, on your new product category initiatives you mentioned outer wear was a good performer in the quarter. Can you talk about any other areas that… what’s happening on the development front on the product categories, be it men’s or accessories et cetera. And then on the VitaSea product, good job addressing that, I thought, head on. But wondering, what is the consumer’s reaction to that? Are you seeing a drop off in the sales of that product or just, what’s been the reaction by the consumer? Thanks.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Okay. I’m going to make sure, I remember that, Margaret. First of all, on the product front our running business continues to grow very rapidly and we will continue to introduce new fabrics and styles in the line, as we enter into the Christmas and spring season. We have continued to experience very strong growth in our Men’s business, both in terms of our core business as well as our Silverescent product and again, VitaSea by the way. Our bra business, which had been lagging last year has really started to catch up, as we've introduced some new innovative strong bra program into our stores. And the introduction of a broader sitting line of women’s apparel continues to grow our core business. On VitaSea we have not seen a fall off. But I want to remind everybody, it’s about 1% of our sales and we, as a company will continue to push the innovation in fabric that our customers expect to see from us. And the reaction to the customers have been one of support and pleasure with the product that we have brought to market. And just like you said, we thank you for saying it, they appreciate us handling the issue head-on and being very diligent about our reporting, our research and our testing results.
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Very well. Good luck going forward, and I wish you all the best, Bob and Chip and everyone. Take care.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thanks, Margaret.
Dennis J. Wilson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Product Designer: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll turn to our next question from Paula…
Unidentified Analyst: I have a couple of questions .One is with regards to the outerwear. I think you said that you expected full sell through in three to four weeks. Does that mean that you're not going to have winter outerwear left in three to four weeks?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. It looks like we're going to be able to sell it all the way through, but as we said in the last conference call, because this was a new introduction for us, any excess winter outerwear we will move into our resort stores such as Whistler and Boulder, Clorado. But right now it looks like the demand for our product is slightly ahead of our expectations.
Unidentified Analyst: But is that about when you would like to be out of outer wear or it’s a little earlier than you would have liked.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: No, it’s exactly what we are looking for. We did not want to get into a mark down situation and chase the last sale. So this is right on our plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just out of curiosity, did anyone at all take you up on the offer to return the VitaSea product?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: If they did, it didn’t show up… the answer is I’m sure somebody did, but as we have monitored it, candidly, it turned out to be a non-issue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great., And thanks a lot, and good luck this holiday.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll move to our next question from Paul Lejuez from Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys. Paul Lejeuz. Can you talk about the percent that men’s represent in the U.S. versus Canada? Second, just want to understand the inventory plan, going forward, how do you plan to end the year from an inventory perspective and how should we think about it going into next year? And then last, just wondering how much did earnings benefit this quarter from the Canadian dollar.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Okay, so and… could you repeat the first question?
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Men’s, percentage of the business in the U.S. versus Canada.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: In the U.S. it runs just under 15%; in Canada just over 10%. And I think that’s really a function of the exceptional performance of our women’s business in the Canadian market, which will include our culture product which is to and from [ph]. But our men’s business is very strong in the United States, and was held back by size limitations, which no longer restricts it. John, would you take the balance of the question.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, regarding inventory as we have said, if you recall from the last conference call in Q2, one of the concerns was our ability to keep up with demand. We are very happy with where we are at Q3 with the right inventory levels to take us through the holiday season. I think your question was, at year end and going forward, I mean, we are watching the inventory, monitoring it to metrics such as inventory turns, and we’ll strike that right balance between being in stock and making sure we don’t have excess inventory. In terms of the Canadian dollar impact, as I said it impacted our comp store sales. It contributed 10% of the comp store sales increase. So that shows you the impact on revenue. Of course, there’s a significant element of our cost structure that’s Canadian dollars. Now, I haven’t reduced the calculation to exactly what the earnings impact is, but again, don’t just look at the revenue line because the bulk of our G&A is in Canadian dollars. So overall, the impact is less than you might expect.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Just on the inventory side, I want to make sure that you understand we felt as though we had tightened the inventory screws too tightly at the end of Q2, and pushed ourselves to be out of stock in core styles and sizes in the woman’s business and the men’s business as well. And by putting less emphasis on inventory turn, we were able to create these Q3 results. Now that does not mean we won’t have inventory run away; if anything, we watch it tightly. But our stores want to continue to perform above plan and we don’t want to hold them back by being too diligent on the inventory side.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: That certainly makes sense. What are your goals in terms of the turn, if you can share that?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: We typically look for turns of 3 or a bit higher.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks, and best of luck.
Operator: And we move to our next question from Lorraine Makis [ph] from Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Seema Shanghai [ph] for Lorraine. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how new door productivity has been trending? And any regional differences you are seeing there? Thank you.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, I’m going to have to ask you to repeat the question, you broke up.
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about new door productivity and any regional differences you are seeing there.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, we actually have not seen any regional differences in new door productivity. I would say that one of the things that we keep reaffirming to us on the operations side is when we can pre-brand a market, open a showroom, get our community educators in there, make contact with yogis and fitness instructors and build the demand between six and 12 months before a store opens. The store opens, they open very, very fast and they had a very nice rate. And where we lag behind, we have to build. And so, I would have to say that if I pointed to any area that we need to continue to work hard on, it would be in the Southwest Texas and in the Washington DC market. And that is not pointing out a problem, it is really pointing out that our business will continue to build there because of the showrooms.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll move to our next question from Howard Tubin, RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, guys. Great quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about the new store opening pipeline for next year and how many leases you have already signed and how many are close to being signed?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: We have 26 leases either signed in LOI form or in final negotiations. And we have all the other stores identified and working towards finalizing the priority of our program. So we feel very good about ’08.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. And John, do you think the tax rate will be 34% starting next year in 1Q and for the whole year or will it kind of ramp itself down?
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: It will vary based on the seasonality of our business. So 34% overall for the quarter but a higher productivity before that, first in Q4 is going to be lower than say, Q1.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, great, thanks.
Operator: And we’ll move to our next question from Lynn Walter [ph] from Wachovia.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks and congratulations, guys. A couple of questions here. If you could just talk about the merchandise margins during the quarter, what drove the improvement? And is it something we should be looking forward to continue into Q4 and next year.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Okay, our merchandise margin was strong 70%, 71%, impacted of course by… I mean there’s some benefit from the fact that the larger sales are in the Canadian dollars with U.S dollar pricing, and improved purchasing, because we have bolstered our sourcing and production team and we are starting to see the results there. And yes, we would expect to see similar margins, going forward. And Lynn, just to reiterate, we have said early on that we were looking at potentially 200 to 300 basis points south of our starting 51 point margin, and I don’t want to encourage you to think that we are going to have runaway leverage on the margin line.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks for clarifying. And then, you also mentioned the leverage point for ’08 being at 10% comp. I think we were assuming close to a high single digit for next year. Can you just talk about the change there?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, with our sales ahead of plan, we are really looking at building… everything is really accelerating in the company. So for example we’ve bolstered, as I said, our sourcing and production team. We’ve opened an office in China. So investments like that are really building further out into the future that are being put in place now and will annualize in 2008, and maybe contributed to a little bit of an adjustment to that leverage point. But it’s all building to the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And then finally, can you just talk about international, what’s the timeframe for rolling out Europe. Have you thought of that?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Probably not till ’09. We have made some adjustments in our Japanese business, put a new general manager in place, moved one of our senior executives to Hong Kong to oversee the development of Japan, the Hong Kong marketplace and Australia. And we are identifying joint venture partners. But key to us is making sure we have the supply chain and pipeline for the U.S. and North American growth, and we don’t want to our frighten out [ph] our efforts by moving into Europe too rapidly and stretching our supply chain.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Barbara Gray [ph], Blackmore Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. Fabulous result. Couple of questions. First, what are you running in terms of sales per square foot right now?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: At the end of Q3, on a trailing basis, we’re at $1,526 per square foot for our comp stores.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And second, is there any difference in performance in your US versus your Canadian stores?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, John, take that one.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Of course, we don’t break out Canada and the US. Measuring it based on comps, as has been our experience in the past, we would expect the stores in the newer markets, a lot of those are in the US to show the strong comps that we’ve been experiencing. And then the more mature Canadian markets have pleasantly surprised us by showing similar comps. So, basically, there is not a lot of difference regionally, Canada, US.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: We still haven’t found the top.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. In terms of new store openings, initially you said 300 to 500, and now you are at 200. Given the huge acceptance of the product, are you considering increasing the number of new store openings?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: You mean on a yearly basis?
Unidentified Analyst: No, in terms of your potential in the US for new stores.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Now, we have identified the 300 locations in the key markets, and want to make sure we get those opened. There may be more upside. I think we have said that we will test opening some resort stores in 2008, and we have also looked at filling the market in 2010. But probably no more than a 50 to a 100 stores in the central part of the US.
Unidentified Analyst: And one last question, do you any products lines that are coming out, given that outer wear was such a success?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, we’re always pushing that. I mean Chip and his team are constantly looking at new categories that fit our business. And while our focus is on yoga inspiration, the fitness and exercise market and healthy living is our key. So we are looking at cycling. We are looking at swimming. We are looking at more running gear and general exercise gear. Outer wear continues to be a strong focus for us in terms of going to and from the marketplace. And then in the accessory business, we’re bringing in some key exercise products to continue to grow our accessory business, which is a record growth area for us and strong margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And I just have one last question. In terms of the VitaSea controversy, you said you are going to be testing, or doing a review of your other products’ therapeutic attributes. Do you have the conclusions of that review?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. We are in good shape. We have completed analyzing all of our fabrics and making sure that our test results are up to speed, that our suppliers have complied with their reports and test results to us and that our factories are compliant and making sure that the products are being made to our specifications. And that is done and we’re very satisfied that everything’s on stream [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. You’re going to put out a separate press release or not even bother?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: No.
Unidentified Analyst: No? Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we’ll move to our next question from Brad Corrigan [ph], Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, could you just give us a little bit more insight into what you had to do operationally to get your inventories back in line? I mean can you talk about what you had to do much in the light of air freighting or whether that sourcing is coming from local markets in Canada?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, at the end of the our last quarter conference call, I think we just completed our manufacturing summit that we ran in Vancouver. And we had brought in our key factory suppliers from China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Israel, Peru and Canada. We have since put on a quick trend [ph] factory in Los Angeles. All of our factories gave us not only the ’07 manufacturing capacity that we wanted but also brought into our ’08 and ’09 projections and made sure that we have the capacity both in terms of fabric availability and manufacturing capacity. And yes, we have been able to get them to be very responsive to our replenishment and to make sure we stay in stock. Yes, we do use a substantial amount of air freight amounts built into our margins. So, there is no negative impact in doing that, keeping ourselves in stock.
Unidentified Analyst: And as you have to reacted to this sell throughs in your stores, I mean, is that I guess, excess capacity going to come out of that Los Angels relationship now. And I guess can you just talk about the cost implications of that? Presumably it’s slightly incrementally more expensive there.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: No. Because it’s replenishment, actually we have all of the machines set at one tension so that we are using only two fabrics. So, there is no breakdown and there is no setup of a machines and the labor is relatively a low cost piece of our U.S and Canadian manufacturing. So, it’s one of the big negative impact to domestic manufacturing as long as you keep it only for quick replenishment. And, yes, we have use the LA facility to use excess manufacturing capacity. They had to get us back in stock in Q3 and in key core styles for Q4.
Unidentified Analyst: Sounds great. And then on the stores, the 27 new stores in North America, just so I’m clear, does that include or exclude the three Calgary stores that were converted from franchise to owned?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: No, those… that is not part of the 27.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you, okay. And on the currency front, just given the movement that we’ve seen in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S dollar, have you guys updated your thinking around potential hedging policies?
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we have said this before, but even more so, we are analyzing it in depth. I’m glad to see the dollar’s kind of come back to a more normalized level, close to par. That of course has benefited us. And yes, we are looking hard at whether we should move ahead with hedging. I see the exposure of the Canadian dollar being an ’08, maybe as far as an ’09 topic. Because of the fact that we get more of our revenues are in U.S dollars. I think our Canadian dollar revenue and our Canadian dollar expenditures will be more balanced. So, yes, States, it is something we are looking hard at.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then finally on your IT systems in the February rollout, is that still on track? And can you just give us some update on testing of that system and what you’re doing to ensure that that will be a smooth transition?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well we're… because we moved it from an October implementation to a February implementation, we are currently in the testing phases of many of the first phase systems we bring on line. It has also bought us some time to put some enhancements there. And as we had said before, we will double track, parallel track once we split the switch in February. But right now, the testing is going very, very nicely. And this is on top of two warehouse moves that are behind us now and the warehouses are functioning beautifully to get daily deliveries into our stores. So, I’m quite optimistic that we've got one major domino down and another one being in the testing phase.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Well done. Thank you, and good luck.
Operator: Our next question from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow up on the inventory question. I guess with much better in-stock position, wondering if there might not be the opportunities for constant dollar comp to actually accelerate this quarter rather than decelerate, and what your thought are surrounding that.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think in Q3, you were seeing certainly towards the second half of October you saw a little bit more on what we can achieve when we are in stock. I guess my only conservatism on Q4 is because so many of our stores are so productive in the holiday season that to show aggressive comps on top of stores that are very, very busy, just isn’t quite logical. And that’s why I’ve always expected slightly lower comps in Q4 than what you have seen in a less busy quarter.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company.: Okay. And then secondarily, when you have the ERP system in place, I’m just curious from a consumer proposition, whether or not at the store level the employees or partners will be able to kind of track down sizes that other stores in the region or salon so that if someone sees a style they like and the size isn’t there, they can get it shipped to them. This is something that I see constantly happen at the stores.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: We don’t have that capability, yes.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: Okay. And then lastly, the store openings for next year, are they going to be back-end weighted like this year?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. They will all be back-end weighted, in a similar profile to this year.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Liz Dunn, Thomas Weisel Partner.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter. First question relates to store openings. Last quarter you talked about some lease negotiations and just sort of issues with timing and store openings. Were your Q3 openings on plan with what you’ve anticipated? And then of the 10 openings anticipated for the fourth quarter, are any of those opened yet?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, the answer is yes. We have readjusted our model to take into consideration lease negotiation with independent landlords. And so we will be able to better project it in ’08. Three, Q3 stores did open on time. But as you remember, at the Q2 release that we said that we had pushed some into Q3. So we didn’t have any negative impacts there. And yes, we have opened two new stores in Q4 already.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. In terms of the events that you host in your stores, can you just give us some sort of thought process on how do those impact comps and what does the schedule look like for the fourth quarter versus last year in the fourth quarter? Are you hosting more events or about the same? And what type of impact did those events have on comp store sales results?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: I don’t know how to quantify it as it relates to comp store sales results. What I do know is that our strategy is to become part of the community. And one of our key marketing initiatives is to highlight local fitness heroes, the people who are in and around our store and they use our store as that center for a gathering place. So the activities have always been pretty robust and will continue to be robust. We do know that it builds a loyal customer base. We certainly see at the end of all of the classes, our sales bump up as people take products home. But we do not measure it is part of what it does to our comps.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then final question relates to inventory. Understanding that you are, I know, in a bit better position heading in to the fourth quarter. But how do you feel about the sort of size ranges in each individual store, and the optimization of your inventory by market? I know that will get better over time with systems. But how do you feel about it right now?
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: I feel very good. I thought we caught up in Q3 ’06 as we said we would. And although nobody in the company is modeling 36% comps, we do a very good job of getting back in stock and we have, with our new warehouses, well, even our old warehouses, but our new warehouses, able to get daily deliveries into the stores all over North America.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: So with the increased sales it is a challenge but I feel very good to be able to get daily deliveries into the stores all over North America.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: So with increased sales, it is a challenge, but I feel very good about… when I go visit the stores all over North America, looks pretty good to me.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Congrats again.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you. We have time for one more call.
Operator: Our last question will come from Michelle Tan, UBS.
Michelle Tan - UBS: Thanks. A question on tax rate. Looking at 34% starting in 2008, it has obviously normalized faster than we thought, given the strong U.S profitability. 34% is a little lower than we would have expected as the long-term tax rate. Is that because you are using up NOLs in the U.S.? And kind of what should be we thinking about in the out years for a truly normalized tax rate?
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: No, that doesn’t reflect the utilization of our NOLs in the U.S. In fact that is the potential for a one-time sort of benefit. The 34% is a blend of Canadian and statutory tax rates. And recently Canada announced reductions in the tax rate tier. And so that’s brought our forecast rate down.
Michelle Tan - UBS: Okay, great. So we should expect 34% or potentially a little lower as a one-time going forward.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michelle Tan - UBS: And then, also to clarify one of the comments on the U.S versus Canada stores… or, sorry, the newer versus older stores, I think you said they were comping at a relatively smaller rate, which is pretty impressive. Is that without the currency benefits to the Canadian stores?
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, on a local currency basis.
Michelle Tan - UBS: On a local currency, so the older stores are comping similar to the newer stores on a local currency basis, right.
John E. Currie - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michelle Tan - UBS: Very good. Thank you very much, and congratulations.
Robert Meers – Chief Executive Officer, Director: Good, thank you.
Dennis J Wilson - Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Product Designer: This is Chip Wilson. Again, I would just like to thank everyone for coming and again, would like to thank John and Bob for the great job they did, and the support staff to get them here. So, take care, everyone.
Operator: And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your attendance, and have a good day.
