===== 2025 Q4  (2025-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The TJX Companies, Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. February 26, 2025. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Debra McConnell has some opening comments. Thank you, Ernie, and good morning.
Debra McConnell: Today's call is being recorded and includes forward-looking statements about our results and plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to vary materially from these statements, including, among others, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC. Please review our press release for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as the full Safe Harbor statements included in the section of our website tjx.com. We have also detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investors section of tjx.com, along with reconciliations to non-GAAP measures we discussed. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Debra McConnell on the call is John Klinger. I want to first take a moment to share our care and concern for everyone affected by the wildfires in California. While many of our associates were affected, we are grateful that they are all safe. We have offered resources to our associates and also made emergency donations to World Central Kitchen and the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank to help provide support for people who most need it. Now to our business update. I am very pleased with our outstanding fourth quarter. Our sales, profitability, and earnings per share were all well above our expectations. I am particularly pleased that our overall comp sales growth of 5% was driven by strong consistent comp increases of 4% or above at each of our divisions. Further, our comp sales growth across all of our divisions was once again driven by an increase in customer transactions. Clearly, our great values, gifting assortment, and freshness of our mix resonated with our shoppers during the holiday season. For the full year, overall sales surpassed $56 billion, and we opened our 5,000th store, a milestone for our company. I want to recognize the excellent execution across our company, which led to our above-plan results. Full-year comp store sales growth of 4%, a significant increase in profitability, and a double-digit increase in our earnings per share were all above our guidance for the year. We are confident that we continue to attract new shoppers in every country we operate in and that there are plenty of opportunities to further grow our customer base going forward. I want to thank all of our global associates for their excellent work in 2024. I am extremely grateful for their continued dedication and commitment to The TJX Companies, Inc. and to our customers every day. As we begin 2025, we are excited about the opportunities we see in our business and have many initiatives planned that we believe will further drive sales and traffic to our stores and online. Availability of merchandise is fantastic, and we believe we are in a great position to execute on our merchandising plans and keep delivering our shoppers outstanding values on great brands and fashions throughout the year. A moment. But first, I'll turn the call over to John Klinger to cover our results in more detail. Thanks, Ernie. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment to The TJX Companies, Inc. this year. Moving to our results. As a reminder, last year our fiscal calendar had an extra week in the fourth quarter. Therefore, where applicable, we'll be referencing adjusted numbers for last year's results, which exclude the impact of that extra week. Now I'll share some additional details on the fourth quarter. Net sales grew to $16.4 billion, a 5% increase versus last year's adjusted sales. As Ernie mentioned, our fourth quarter consolidated comps sales increased 5%, which was well above our plan and driven by an increase in customer transactions.
Ernie Herrman: We were very pleased to see strong comp sales increases in both our overall apparel and home categories. Pretax profit margin of 11.6% was up 70 basis points versus last year's adjusted 10.9%. Our pretax profit margin was 70 basis points above the high end of our plan. This was primarily due to a benefit from lower shrink as well as expense leverage on our above-plan sales, partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals. Gross margin was up 100 basis points versus last year's adjusted 29.5%. This was primarily driven by a benefit from our year-end true-up of shrink expense and strong mark on. SG&A was 19.2%, up 30 basis points versus Net interest income was neutral of pretax profit margin versus last year. All this led to a diluted earnings per share of $1.23, up 10% versus last year's adjusted $1.12, and also well above our plan. As for our divisional performance in the fourth quarter, we saw strong comp store sales growth at every division, all driven by increases in customer transactions. We were particularly pleased with the outstanding sales performance at our international divisions, with TJX Canada's comp sales increasing 10% and TJX International comp sales up 7%. Now to our full-year fiscal 2025 results. Net sales grew to $56.4 billion, a 6% increase versus last year's sales. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4%, entirely driven by customer transactions. Pretax profit margin of 11.5% was up 60 basis points versus last year's adjusted 30.6%, up 70 basis points versus last year's adjusted 29.9%. This increase was driven by strong mark on, lower freight costs, and 20 basis points from shrink favorability, partially offset by higher supply chain investments. Regarding shrink, we saw favorability across all our divisions. I want to take a moment to acknowledge the great collaboration and tremendous efforts of our associates who worked extremely hard on our initiatives throughout the year. SG&A was 19.4%, up 10 basis points versus last year's 19.3%. This was due to incremental store wage and payroll costs. Net interest income was neutral to the full-year pretax profit margin versus last year. All this led to a full-year earnings per share of $4.26, up 13% versus last year's $3.76. Ernie will talk about our full-year divisional highlights in a moment. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was up 8%, and inventory on a per-store basis was up 1%. We feel great about our inventory levels and the outstanding availability we're seeing in the marketplace. We are well-positioned to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this Right. I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the full year, we generated $6.1 billion in operating cash flow and ended the year with $5.3 billion in cash.
Ernie Herrman: In fiscal 2025, we returned $4.1 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now I'll turn it back to Ernie. Thanks, John. I will pick it up with some full-year divisional highlights. I am extremely pleased with the consistency of our sales performance across our divisions. Each business delivered comp store sales growth of 4% or above, and importantly, the sales were entirely driven by an increase in customer transactions. We believe this highlights the strength of our value proposition, our ability to gain market share, and the power of our wide customer demographic. At Marmax, overall sales for the full year exceeded $34 billion, and comp store sales increased 4%. Marmax's apparel and home categories both saw comp sales increases. Additionally, comp store sales increased across all of Marmax's regions and income demographics. At Sierra, which is reported with Marmax, we were very pleased with their strong performance for the year. To profitability, full-year segment profit margin increased to a strong 14.1%. With more than 2,500 total TJ Maxx and Marshall stores today, we still see plenty of opportunities to open new stores, attract more shoppers, and further grow our sales. At HomeGoods, annual sales grew to $9.4 billion, and comp store sales increased 4%. During the year, we opened our 1,000th store for this division, a great milestone. We were very pleased to see this division's segment profits surpass $1 billion and see its margin return to double-digit levels at 10.9%. We are by far the largest off-price home fashions retailer in the United States, and we continue to see plenty of opportunities to capture additional market share with both our HomeGood and HomeSense banners. At TJX Canada, full-year sales increased to $5.2 billion, and comp store sales were up 5%. It was great to see consistent performance across all three of our Canadian retail banners, which each delivered similar comp store sales increases. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 13.5%. As Canada's leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer, we believe our Winners, Marshalls, and HomeSense banners are all on track for continued successful growth. At TJX International, full-year sales exceeded $7 billion, and comp store sales increased 4% with strength in both Europe and Australia. As to profitability, I am very pleased with this division's improvement in 2024. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 5.8%. In Europe, we continue to grow our footprint in our existing countries and announced our plans to open our first stores in Spain in calendar 2026. And Australia comp store sales growth was outstanding, and we can Long term we are confident that we have opportunities to capture additional market share in each country that we operate in. FTE Commerce? Overall sales increased, and we added new categories and brands to our assortment across our sites to further enhance our online treasure hunt shopping experience. Okay. Moving on. I'd like to highlight the key differentiators of our business that give us great confidence in our continued successful growth around the world for many years to come. First is our valued leadership in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia. We believe that our relentless focus on value every day through a combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality will continue to resonate with shoppers. Second is our very wide demographic. We want to sell everyone and believe our offerings across good, better, and best brands appeal to shoppers across most income and age demographics. Third, we believe we have one of the most flexible business models in retail. This allows us to buy close to need and adjust our selections as macro trends and consumer preferences change. Next is our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience driven by our rapidly changing assortment. Our stores receive multiple deliveries a week of fresh branded merchandise to surprise and excite our customers. We believe this can inspire shoppers to visit us more frequently to see what's new. Beth is our world-class buying I believe the depth of experience among our thirteen plus buyers around the world is unmatched and that we have the best vendor relationships in retail. Our merchants source from an ever-changing universe of over 21,000 vendors and from more than 100 countries. Further, we continue to see a significant We are increasing our long-term store potential to a total of 7,000 stores or over 1,900 more stores in just our existing and announced geographies. This now reflects the long-term potential for HomeGoods to expand to 1,800 stores, Tiara to expand to 325 stores, and our base in Spain to grow to 100 stores. In addition to our future store growth opportunities, I want to reiterate my excitement for our newly formed joint venture with GrupoWaxo in Mexico and our recent investment in Brands for Less in the Middle East. We see both of these as a great way to participate in the growth of off-price in different areas of the world. Lastly, I am so proud of our culture, which I am convinced is a key component of our success. We continue to invest in teaching and training to develop the next generation of TJX leaders. Turning to corporate responsibility. We are excited about the progress we have made over many years and the work we have underway. On our conference calls over the past year, I've shared updates on how we support our associates and communities.
John Klinger: Our work to mitigate our impact on the environment,
Operator: and our commitment to operating ethically.
Ernie Herrman: Today, I'd like to share more about some of the remarkable efforts our TJX Foundations and associates made this past year to have an impact on the communities where we live and work. In addition to the support I mentioned earlier for people affected by the California wildfires, Buyers. In 2024, we also helped with the relief efforts for those affected by hurricanes in the southeastern United States and flooding in Austria and Poland. Further, we supported more than 2,500 nonprofit organizations globally through our TJX Foundations, Associates across the globe. Play an important part in this meaningful work by volunteering, running donation campaigns in our stores, participating in our associate-nominated grants program, and more. These are just some of the examples of work our teams are doing in our communities, and we invite you to visit tjx.com to learn more. Before I close, I want to emphasize that our primary focus remains our value gap versus traditional retailers. I am very confident that the key strengths and flexibility of our business will allow us to navigate through the current China tariff environment, just as we have successfully navigated through many other types of retail environments in our nearly fifty-year history. In closing, we feel great about our strong performance in 2024. We are confident in our plans for the year, and as always, we will strive to beat them. Longer term, we remain laser-focused on growing our business and are convinced that we can continue to increase our market share in the United States and internationally. When I look at our growth opportunities ahead, the globalness of our business, our deep talent base, our wide customer base, and the consumers continue to desire for value, I am very excited about the future of The TJX Companies, Inc. Now I'll turn the call back to John Klinger to cover our full-year and first-quarter guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. I'll start with our full-year fiscal 2026 guidance. Planning overall comp store sales growth of 2% to 3%. Starting in fiscal 2026, our comp store sales will include e-commerce sales, which, as a reminder, are a small piece of our total business. We do not expect e-commerce to have a material impact on our comp sales growth. For the full year, we expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $58.1 billion to $58.6 billion, up 3% to 4%. We expect favorable foreign exchange rates to have a 1% negative I'm sorry. We expect unfavorable foreign exchange rates to have a 1% negative impact on consolidated sales growth. We're planning full-year pretax profit margin to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.4%, down 10 to 20 basis points versus last year's 11.5%. This guidance assumes a 20 basis point negative impact due to the unfavorable foreign exchange rates in transactional FX. Moving to our full-year gross margin. We expect it to be in the range of 30.4% to 30.5%. This would be down 10 to 20 basis points versus last year's 30.6% due to unfavorable transactional foreign exchange and inventory hedge. We're also planning for a slight improvement in shrink. We are expecting full-year SG&A to be 19.3%, 10 basis points favorable to last year's 19.4%, driven by a benefit from the annualization of last year's higher incentive compensation accruals. We're planning net interest income of $98 million, which we expect to deliver fiscal 2026 pretax profit margin by 20 basis points. We're currently assuming a full-year tax rate of 25.1% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.13 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we're expecting full-year diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.34 to $4.43, up 2% to 4% versus last year's $4.26. This EPS guidance assumes a 3% negative impact to EPS growth due to unfavorable translational and transaction foreign exchange. Lastly, our fiscal 2026 guidance assumes a small from the current China tariffs on merchandise that we were committed to when these tariffs went into place. We have a great team. We have seen tariffs before. And we are confident we can navigate our way through the current China tariff environment on our future buys. Moving to the first quarter, we expect overall comp store sales to increase 2% to 3%. While weather was not favorable to the start of the quarter, we have been pleased with what we've seen recently as weather has normalized. We expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $12.8 billion to $12.9 billion. Pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10% to 10.1%, down 100 to 110 basis points versus last year's 11.1%. Gross margin to be in the range of 29.8% to 29.9%, which will be down 10 to 20 basis points versus last year's 30%. This is primarily due to unfavorable inventory hedges. SG&A to be 20%, up 80 basis points versus last year's 19.2%. This is primarily due to incremental store wage and payroll costs and the lapping of a one-time benefit last year. Net interest income of $27 million, which we expect will deliver our year-over-year pretax profit margin by 20 basis points. Tax rate of 23.2% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.13 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we're expecting first-quarter diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.87 to $0.89 versus last year's diluted earnings per share of $0.93. I want to mention that there are several factors causing our first-quarter pretax profit margin and earnings per share to be planned lower than the remainder of the year. This includes a benefit from lower incentive compensation accruals planned in the last nine months of fiscal 2026. The lapping of a benefit from a reserve release in the first quarter of last year and the expected timing of certain expenses. Importantly, this first-quarter guidance implies that the last nine months of the year, we expect pretax profit margin to be flat to up 10 basis points and earnings per share to be up 4% to 6% versus last year. Moving to our fiscal 2026 capital plans. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion. This includes opening new stores, remodels, relocations, as well as investments in our distribution network and infrastructure to support our growth. For new stores, we plan to add about 130 net new stores, which will bring our year-end total to over 5,200 stores. This would represent a store growth of about 3%. In the US, our plans call for us to add about 40 net new stores at Maramax, 30 stores at HomeGoods, including 9 HomeSense stores. At Sierra, we plan to add about 20 stores. In Canada, we plan to add 12 stores. And at TJX International, we plan to add 22 net stores in Europe and 6 net stores in Australia. Lastly, we also plan to remodel about 500 stores and relocate approximately 40 stores in fiscal 2026. As to our fiscal 2026 cash distribution plans, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect our Board will increase our quarterly dividend by 13% to $42.5 per share. Additionally, in fiscal 2026, we currently expect to buy back $2 billion to $2.5 billion of TJX stock. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are in an excellent position both operationally and financially, to take advantage of the simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now we're happy to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit your questions to one per person so we can answer as many questions as we can. Thanks. And now we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. If you can talk about what drove the stronger performance in Canada and international, if there's anything that changed in the macro that you think worked in your favor, or was it simply better execution and also curious if you expect those businesses to continue to outperform this year. Sure, Paul.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Obviously, very pleased with both Europe and Canada. And the common denominator with both of them was the way we flow. First of all, you're in a gift-giving time period in Q4, and, you know, we've typically done well in Q4. These two divisions specifically executed a flow plan in terms of how late they shipped freshness in prior to Christmas. That it was extremely beneficial to their pre-Christmas, the ten days before Christmas time period, and this applies to both Europe and to Canada, and then even the post-Christmas business in both was exceptionally strong. So I give them a lot of credit on that as well as what they did in addition to going after specific gift categories, which I think was a big improvement in owning those in more depth versus the prior year. It was the balance of good, better, best across the board in Europe and in Canada as well. They also both had healthy home businesses, which helped, you know, help their total because, as you know, home spikes in Q4. And we have certain categories there that are great gift-giving categories. So I think there was a bit of a tactical execution benefit from the way they flowed and then a mix advantage in both. The way it applies to both of them. Thanks for the question. We were very pleased with, you know, both of those divisions.
Paul Lejuez: Yeah. And, Ernie, you expect them to continue to outperform? And then I guess, you know, on a related note Yeah. Paul, yes. The yeah. We've
Ernie Herrman: seen both of them continuing to very happy with the way they've been performing. And they both have really some seasoned management across those areas. That gives me a lot of space between our over there, they call it merchandise between our planning and allocation area as well as all our head merchants. We have a lot of seasoning there, and people that have gone to some of the new key roles starting about two years ago, so I think is is gonna set them up, I think, for strong execution over the next year.
Paul Lejuez: Thank you. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Yep. Thank you, Paul. Great question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. Ernie, I wanted to ask about I wanted to ask about customer behavior on both ends of the spectrum.
Operator: Are you seeing trade down at the higher end and then at the lower end of the assortment, how are customers reacting to some of the sharper price value offerings?
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. So you know, it's hard for us to really measure on that because part of our success and again, this was an extremely pleasing quarter for us to have division running a four or better when you have Canada at a ten by the way, the other thing to remember is we were up at up against a good quarter the year before. In Q4. So it becomes tough to measure on the good, better, best so to speak, or the demographics. Income because we were pretty much performing at every level across every banner that we have. And we I we've got see we did see when we look at our and again, this is where stores are store performance in different demographic areas. We saw you know, nice increases in both are below a hundred and above a hundred. Income demographic areas. And I think, Lorraine, part of the evening off that happens is with the and you've seen a lot of the write-ups. So you have I know consumer com this is Donald. They have store closures in different pockets of retailers across the US, Canada as well, by the way, Europe as well. And when you have so you you can if the reason it's top of all that noise is because, obviously, in some of those cases, we're picking up the market share. You know, home would be one of the more obvious ones where either business that had a home business as part of it or home only have closed and so there's almost not a demographic issue there, more of a category market share gain, which has been more what John and I would see in the divisions. As we have gained market share not where it's easier to measure is not by income demographic, just across all the income demographics, but in certain categories, we have outpaced.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Twelve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on another nice quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Matt. So two-part question.
Matthew Boss: First, on the continued strength in transactions, the across divisions that you saw in the fourth quarter, maybe could you elaborate on new customer acquisition trends and just how Ernie would you rate the breadth of your product assortment and value proposition into the spring maybe just near term, could you maybe elaborate on the more recent trends you've seen in the business or it fair to say that you haven't really seen any change in underlying business momentum if we parse through the impact of weather. Okay. Yeah, Matt. Great question. I was waiting for you to throw in the part about the weather. So, John, do you wanna talk to transactions, and then I'll talk to the breadth of product? Yeah. And so nice. You know, we've seen you know, again, we we continue to see strong transaction growth, and we are seeing us attracting more customers to our stores and when we look at the age demographic, you know, they tend to skew a little bit more towards that eighteen to thirty-four age range is what we've seen consistently. So we're quite pleased to see the sales growth based on, again, more customers coming to our stores. Which ties in, I think, Matt, with the other part of your question. The breadth of product, because obviously, we're conscious about continually expanding our well, our vendor base, our category of items, base. Probably home goods is one of the I would say that would be the epitome of that in terms of how we're always opening new vendors and new categories. We do it in every division. They just jump out where it's a little more obvious when you walk the store you'll find items and categories that are now expanded versus a week before in a very dramatic fashion. So I would say our breadth of product as we go into spring is, I would say, kicked up a notch from even last year. Again, that's part of our success this past fourth quarter and and the last couple of years is to continually try to bring in new vendors and new product categories while not alienating customers or category purchases on the other side of it, which is one reason we're always talking. I'm always talking about trying to sell as many people as possible. That was in our script. That's what we always talk to, you, Rod. I know we talked many times about it. So our breath we line up our plans for spring and in very wide product breadth, vendor breadth, having said that, when you start to get other than other than the weather, issue, which, you know, John mentioned when the weather was in the areas where it was normal weather, we were pleased with how we were performing. It's just, you know, we had those pockets of weather that, you know, hit a on those spots. But again Right. We're feeling very good. About the normal weather pattern areas, and we will head in the future. So I don't know if I did I answer that about the product breadth? Yeah. You did. Your debt ticked up a notch relative to a a year ago. Yes. I have a direct quote on that. That's very good. Thanks. You. Best of luck. Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooke Roach.
Brooke Roach: Good morning, and thank you for taking our question. I was hoping we could elaborate on
Operator: your your expectations for continued expansion in merchandise margins, can you contextualize what you're embedding in your outlook for merch margin expansion as you contemplate mark on versus tariffs? And then John, on gross margins, can you speak a little bit more about your expectations for shrink for the year? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: So let me so, Brooke, I'll I'll start off with the, you know, our approach on the mark on our merchandise margin. Touch on tariffs briefly in there, and then John can pick up on the on the actual components, financial components. The I thought we would talk about this to really try to keep it crystal clear on our approach, how this works. First of all, on the tariff situation, it's been a little gray. There's a short term you know, keep in mind that the direct imports for China for us are extremely small percentage of our business. And so although that could be in, like, in the short term, a a little bit of a perhaps a little bit of a cost associated there over the medium and long term. That really doesn't become the issue because of the way we approach our buying. So to give you an example, the the I guess, the silver lining is with consumer confidence down and a bit of a rocky environment out there, and the way our buyers operate, which is the buyers go out and they re really assess at the rate retail level what we can retail product for, and then they work it backwards.
John Klinger: To what the cost should be. And they really don't
Ernie Herrman: This their strategy is not to factor in tariffs or any other cost that actually can play into the picture here. The the way they approach is they're gonna look at what's the outdoor retail on the like item and we need the gap and we tilt between us and they're out the door that's gonna provide the amazing value for our consumer and from there, they work on the plastic and pay it's really not up to them to have to worry about what the vendor is getting you know, caught up with in terms of tariff or inflation or other costs? Because remember, we've been to the movie before recently, a few years ago with extreme inflation, and we navigated right through that at just as we will on this. It's just it's a different headline. It's just the same approach. So whether there's tariffs, no tariffs, our buyers really their focus is on buying the goods, determining the cost based off the retail we can put the goods out. So because of the environment we're in where there's a lot of, I think, consumer confidence stores closing, etcetera. I'm thinking there's more availability out there over the next six months even more than there's been, which is going to create more buying opportunities for our teams. So back to your margin, Quebec. That at a high level, I think, plays into our ability to look at, you know, margin opportunities. I'll give you another thing is we mentioned this briefly. Is the wide demographic which I've talked about a couple times. That also plays into our ability be more flexible. So if our buyers or merchants don't see something in one vendor or one good, better, best range, they can always be more flexible in terms of the way they handle the market. They can move from a a good iron to a better item if that's where the better buy is. And I think we have that advantage versus most of our competition is doesn't have that flexibility. So, again, great question. Where I'm excited about this I'm excited about the sales and margin opportunity in this environment because this is pretty much textbook situation coming up here.
John Klinger: Right. And then, Brooke, to answer your question on the shrink, we're very pleased with where our shrink rates came in this year. We are we still have our shrink committee. We're still staying very focused on this. So we do have a small improvement baked into our our plan this year, and it's really centered around the annualization of the initiatives that that from last year, but we're also at this point analyzing data on the shrink results and we will use that data to lean into some of the things that that worked last year. So we're doing a number of things. Again, the the overarching strategy is to you know, is to continue to to maintain a great shopping environment for the customers, a safe shopping environment, for our associates and customers as well.
Operator: Great. Thanks so much. Our next question comes from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Congrats on an awesome quarter. Very happy to see it. Thanks. Okay.
Ernie Herrman: Don't ask you this a lot, but flow through for the year on a two, three comp is ten basis points. If we exclude the the currency,
Michael Binetti: I'm guessing that's with the less of the lingering contribution from some of those snapback
Ernie Herrman: COVID areas like freight and shrink and
Michael Binetti: even even your market a little bit for tariff this year. Is four percent
Ernie Herrman: the long-term leverage point? Is there anything changing there?
Michael Binetti: And then I just wanna I'm just curious about real estate availability. In the US. When we speak to some real estate brokers recently, they said new development is
Ernie Herrman: is is almost nothing, so there's a lot of competition for boxes from the retailers that go bankrupt. I'm I'm curious if you see any tightness in the availability of real estate in the US either for getting your boxes in or
Michael Binetti: you know, any any reason to think that there could be some rent inflation in years ahead if those dynamics I hope. Thank
John Klinger: Yeah. So on the flow through, yeah, we the model still stands where on a three to four comp with no outsized expense increases, we would expect to be flat to up ten basis points. But again, that's that's it overarching model. If we see years where we have an opportunity to you know, to do better than that, we certainly will bake that into our plans. As far as the real estate availability, so we do see a lot of availability going forward. You know, as we've talked about in the past, we we do see an opportunity to expand into some more rural areas where the department store of the area closes and we we can fill that void in that in those areas. Also, you're still seeing, you know, large box closures that we have the opportunity to either go in shop area. So, again, we still see opportunities that's kinda reflected in the, you know, the the the increase to our our sales or our store potential.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it. Thanks. Our next question comes from Chuck Grom.
Chuck Grom: Hey. Great quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Ernie, can you talk about the 5% comp in the context of category performance across apparel, home, footwear, accessories, and gifting? And then when we look ahead to 2026, how you're planning those businesses across those categories? And then for John, on the shrink rate improvement, can you just remind us where where your shrink or cool levels actually are today relative to 2019 so we can get a sense for how much is left to continue to improve I'm on the top Thanks. Yeah. Chuck, obviously, I can't get specifics on some of these categories, but directionally, I can talk to well, we were with that strong comp, you know, we were we were up in in apparel and home, but I would say the the home and some of our accessory businesses excel you know, we're better stronger than apparel. And that would be a similar way that we're looking for those business to perform in FY 2026, if you start getting into some of the know, smaller category breakout type information, you know, we we just don't give those specifics out there. But directionally, obviously, when you run a five, you have to have pretty decent apparel business also. Otherwise, you can't offset it because it's still a significant percentage of our business. The business I continue to be even more bullish on is our home business in total. As you know, it's kind of a third plus of TJX. And if you look at the home domestically here in the United States and you look at how home goods has performed versus the industry I think that's a great sign. And if some of the other, you know, new housing starts and interest rates change to be more favorable. I look at how our teams there are performing now and think that could even be more potential upside. For us. So that's why we're very bullish on home. We're the only ones that do it the way we do it. And that team specifically, what's neat on the way our home business is done, which not many people think about this, you know, there's been there's there's been discussion on, you know, tariffs at China, etcetera. Well, we actually our priority on our home business is to do goods out of Europe. Because that is a differentiator for us and a creates a an umbrella of fashion and brand and quality that other home retailers don't do. So one reason it it performed extremely well in Q4 in our home business. And that whole Europe diff piece of differentiation, I think, is going to help propel us going forward. And by the way, Europe and some of our other accessories categories that I was talking about where we performed better than the store, I think we utilize it there also as a as an offensive sales driver and a cost customers love that piece of our mix. So that is a highlight I can talk about, and and we have that plan be big going forward. Sean? Yes. So Chuck, on your question about the shrink rate, we don't publicly disclose our shrink rate. But but going forward, we still think we have some
Chuck Grom: Great. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Straton.
Alex Straton: Thanks. This is Chad Britton on for Alex. My question is on segment margins. You closed the margin gap
John Klinger: between HomeGoods and Marmax quite a bit in the back half of 2024. So with this recent move lower in ocean freight rates and home goods higher exposure there, it seems like the setup to close that gap even further in 2025 is is pretty favorable.
Alex Straton: Is there anything structural keeping HomeGoods from running at or closer to Marmax levels
John Klinger: over the long term? And then any color you can provide around the moving pieces of margin in both segments of 2025 would would be helpful.
Ernie Herrman: Alex, I mean, if you look at one of the major moves was obviously the HomeGoods dot com closure. I mean, that was something that was significant But, Ernie Yeah. I think we can Alex, directionally keep moving and, you know, closing the gap. Our expectations aren't that it would ever necessarily get there on because you have some categories that are innately higher margin in versus a home business on the flip side. I think our home business The way we track is probably one of the most profitable home businesses in the country or the world at the margins we're at. We did if we didn't own the T. J. Maxx and Marshalls, we'd probably be saying, wow. Look how high this is. But we do. We have the higher bar to your point. So we think we'll we think part of that is the nature of some of the some of the, you know, apparel closeout businesses that are in a Marmax are very profitable margins. But our goal is to obviously and trying to close the gap between the two. So, I mean, it's a good call out. Talk for us to kinda look and be that firmer specific in the future on it, but good call out.
Alex Straton: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thanks. Thank you very much. Can you hear me?
Ernie Herrman: Yep. Yes. Oh, okay. Great.
Adrienne Yih: It's music to my ears. The it's setting up to be textbook off-price environment. So with that, my focus is really on kind of a long-term
John Klinger: store growth. So you talked about kind of this incremental nineteen hundred That's probably No. About eighteen hundred, seventeen hundred for each of the divisions at Marmax. When you're going into these kind of next eight hundred stores, how are you selecting locations you know, differentiate between TJX NMR Max. And is there an opportunity even in the US to do smaller footprint stores beyond that? The follow-up would be for Pupupo and Brands four Less. They're both two adventures. I remember you doing trade secret and buying that outright. What's the revenue sharing model there, and what's the plan for both of those? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Hey, Adrienne. So let let me talk to John and I will both jump in here. So the the smaller first of all, when it comes to the stores, we take every deal separately. And John's involved here as well. So when we look at potential site we're opportunistic. We're opportunistic. We look at what other brands we have see in which vicinity, we measure potential transfer sales. However, to your point, what we're seeing is some smaller markets and smaller footprint store, which I think you brought up when you were asking a question. We do see that So a good call do see that as an opportunity because there are other areas in the country where we can put in a smaller format store which won't create too much transfer. And as you know, we've had stores. We have a store a group of stores where we have all five brands down the street here. Nearest, and they all work extremely profitably. As you know, we've put in home sensors in our home goods, with minimal minimal transfer sales and in some cases have actually increased our sales. So You know, we're we're bullish on being able to add those stores in different areas Something like Sierra or HomeGoods. We were probably again, as we grow in Home HomeGoods, we were pretty conservative in our fifteen hundred number, which was the more recent number. And so the teams have looked at different different locations, different demographics, population density, and I feel it's very realistic to go the other three hundred stores, which is a bigger probably the biggest change that you're seeing incrementally. Right. And we added we added Sierra Sierra. And then Spain as well. Yep. To the to the store opportunity list. Just to talk about your question about Brands four Less, and Axo. So Brands four Less is an investment. Okay? That's not a that's not a joint venture. Axo is a joint venture. And I'd say it's early days to be talking about, you know, the long-term opportunities other than to say that, you know, we are very optimistic about what what that promote of brand can do down in Mexico in the long term.
Adrienne Yih: Fantastic. Great job. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. Thanks, Adrienne. Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great year. And congrats on being part of what I thought was one of the best social media trends during the holiday season. Oh, thank you, Marnie. I'm glad you enjoy. We the social
Ernie Herrman: media was very very beneficial even though, you know, again, we weren't behind a lot of it. So I know you weren't, but it was
Marni Shapiro: stunning. And then I was actively seeking it out when the algorithm wasn't feeding it me on a regular basis. Exactly. It was brilliant. Two quick ones. One big one, one smaller. Just Can you repeat, because you walked through them pretty quickly, the store openings for fiscal year 2026 across the globe?
John Klinger: Yeah. Certainly.
Ernie Herrman: Let me pull that out.
John Klinger: So we've got a total of 130 net new stores. Mhmm. The plan calls for 40 net new stores in Maramax. 30 stores in HomeGoods, which includes 9 at HomeSense, At Sierra, we're adding 20 stores in Canada, we're adding 12 stores.
Ernie Herrman: In Europe, we're adding in 22 net new stores.
John Klinger: And Australia, 6 net store openings.
Marni Shapiro: Perfect. And then, Ernie, this is kind of a bigger picture question, but I'm curious what your thoughts are here. You know, there's been a lot of consolidation on the brand side, some companies that have taken the IP or just, you know, have just a lot of brands within the one big company. So on that side is kind of the bulk of the business, and I'm curious or the bulkiness of the business, I'm curious if this benefiting you guys as a company because you could match their size. And then conversely, on the flip side is you have so many of these much, much smaller brands that are really popping up doing well, making some noise. Is your team having success breaking into these smaller brands as well? Because you know, it's it's obviously, it's hard to know which one of those smaller brands is going to be the next big thing So developing those relationships early. I'm I'm curious if you could talk about that in the market.
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely, Marnie. Well, first of all, both both of those situations are priorities for us. And the teams. The the buyers and the merchandise managers Even top to top management with some of the brands that have consolidated under one house even though they wanna keep as many brands as they they don't lose their business to the private label retailers per se. They're they're good at wanting to consolidate that way. We're always trying to nurture those relationships, and they know that we're probably their best outlet to have goods in an eclectic mix non-visible manner, so it you know, those those relationships are actually extremely desired on both sides of the equation. For all of those obvious reasons. What you're talking about on the second one is the more interesting because you know, we salivate over that because we like a lot of new, niche but we call them little nichey brands that keep popping up year after year, which is really what generates our Our you know, when we give you that 21,000 vendor list, it's actually it's it's not a stagnant list, meaning we have vendors a couple thousand that fall off every year, and then we're adding couple thousand new every year. And because we want all these new vendors typically, oh my gosh, ninety plus percent of them are anxious to have us in their back pocket because they know they're relying on, say, a specialty store business and they know they're gonna have x amount of leftover inventory, then they they need to have a home for even though they're not big to your point, Marty. Yeah. So and, you know, our buyers are trained on we want we wanna look at all desirable product, whether it's with a little vendor or a big vendor, and that's what makes our treasure hunt shopping experience more exciting. We don't want narrow vendor narrow big vendor assortments. We want eclectic mixes So that's why I I I love your question and that we we see that as more and more happening to your point. We often spot these little niche vendors online. They'll start some of them just start online strangely enough without a store.
Marni Shapiro: Great. That's fantastic. I'll let leave it to somebody else. Thanks, guys. Alright. Thank you, Bonnie. Thanks. Our next question comes from Laura Champine.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. A follow-up on the Q1 guide, just trying to get to the underlying profitability. How much I think you mentioned that the timing of expenses
John Klinger: I'm not sure what you said there, but if I look at the
Laura Champine: timing of the expenses and the reversal of the reserve release a year ago, what would kind of apples to apples Pretax profit margin fee.
John Klinger: So, I mean, the way to look at it is is that
Laura Champine: I mean and and these are
John Klinger: these are pretty equal. We had we had a one-time item, which is we had a CARES Act benefit last year that benefited us. So we're up against that year over year. Interest is negatively impacting us by 20 basis points as we said in the call. We've got, you know, a timing of hedge, inventory hedge we had a benefit Q4 that reversed in Q1.
Laura Champine: And then wage and payroll, so
John Klinger: mean, that that kind of explains why we have a hundred basis points of of deleverage.
Laura Champine: Okay.
John Klinger: Can you quantify the wage and payroll piece or talk to us about inflation you're seeing year on year just on that one line?
John Klinger: No. We don't get into the details of our our you know, specific wage. But but again, we we you know, we see
John Klinger: legislative increases come pretty much
John Klinger: every January.
Laura Champine: Understood. And then small one. So the TK Max business adding 22 stores, pretty significant step up. Any markets to call out or better real estate available there as what's driving that?
John Klinger: Yeah. So the the opportunities in in Europe are are largely in Germany. Although, we do have opportunities in Austria the Netherlands, Poland, in the UK. But in Ireland as well. But the But the large majority of them opportunity is is in the UK. Excuse me, in Germany.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question of the day comes from Mark Alschwager.
Mark Alschwager: Good morning. Thank you. I don't think I heard this, but
John Klinger: how are you thinking about AUR in 2026? And the strong mark on performance, what's driving that? How should we think about the further opportunity on Marcon? Wanna do the AUR. Well, again, we we don't we we I think when we talk about the opportunity, it's a combination of, you know, what the there there are a number of things that go into the the benefit that we see in our gross profit, whether it comes from higher higher price or a better buy. So we haven't been parsed
Mark Alschwager: Yeah.
Ernie Herrman: And then, Mark, on the I think you're asking about the mark on as we look forward on on the buying So the way we're looking at is, again, this environment, which as you can see, we've made healthy progress in the last couple of years on that front. I feel I feel as though, you know, some of those situations slow up a little bit, obviously. I think the environment right now, however, is a bit of as I said earlier, it is textbook. With more availability, I think heading It's almost every one of the divisions that we have because of the environment. And I I believe a consumer confidence slowdown as well as you have again, a lot of public companies are aggressive on cutting merchandise in advance. Because they have to, you know, grow their earnings. So no reason to believe that our our buyers aren't going to have additional Chinese too? You know, bit by bit, get more merchandise margin as we move forward here. The environment's just kind of set up for that.
Mark Alschwager: Fortunately.
Ernie Herrman: So although, like, you know, challenging environment overall, but those those tend to work. Pretty well for The TJX Companies, Inc. Great. Thank you. Best of luck. Thank you, Mark. And thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to outstanding you again on our first-quarter earnings call, which will be in May.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2025 Q3  (2024-11-20 11:58:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, November 20, 2024. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Sheila. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. Today's call is being recorded and includes forward-looking statements about our results and plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to vary materially from these statements, including, among others, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC. Please review our press release for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as the full Safe Harbor statements included in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. We've also detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investors section of tjx.com, along with the reconciliations to non-GAAP measures we discuss. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to begin our call today by saying that our hearts go out to all of our associates, their families and everyone who has been affected by Hurricane Helene and Milton. To help with relief efforts, we made essential emergency supplies and resources available to our associates in the impacted areas. We also made emergency donations to the World Central Kitchen and the American Red Cross through our TJX Foundation. We take our commitment to supporting communities seriously and try to help local communities during times of need through our longstanding relationships with organizations that provide critical support. Now to our business update and third quarter results. I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. I want to personally thank all of our global associates for their continued hard work and commitment to TJX. Comp store sales growth of 3% came in at the high end of our plan. I am particularly pleased with the operational execution across all of our divisions as each delivered comp store sales increases entirely driven by customer transactions. I want to specifically highlight our European team for their efforts and strong results, which drove the 7% comp increase at our TJX International division. Clearly, our terrific assortment and great values across our retail banners resonated with many of our shoppers when they visited our stores. In terms of profitability, pre tax profit margin and earnings per share both well exceeded our plans. With our third quarter performance, we are once again raising our full year outlook for pre tax profit margin and earnings per share. John will talk to our profitability performance and guidance in more detail in a moment. Looking ahead, the fourth quarter is off to a strong start. We continue to see outstanding availability of goods across a wide range of brands, which gives us great confidence in flowing fresh, exciting assortments to our stores and online this holiday season and beyond. Longer term, we are excited about the opportunities we see to gain additional market share and continue our successful growth in the United States and internationally. I'll talk more about our holiday plans and our opportunities for global growth in a moment. But first, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our third quarter results in more detail.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued dedication to TJX. Now I'll share some additional details on the third quarter. As Ernie mentioned, our consolidated comp sales increased 3%, which is at the high end of our plan and entirely driven by customer transactions. Once again, both our apparel and home categories saw comp sales increases this quarter. Pre tax profit margin of 12.3% was up 30 basis points versus last year. Pre tax profit margin was 40 basis points above the high end of our plan, primarily due to a benefit from the timing of certain expenses, most of which we expect will reverse out in the fourth quarter expense savings and higher net interest income. Gross margin was up 50 basis points versus last year. This favorability was primarily due to an increase in merchandize margin. SG&A increased 10 basis points versus last year. This increase was due to incremental store wage and payroll costs, which largely offset the year-over-year benefit from closing HomeGoods e-commerce business last year and lower incentive compensation expense this year. Lastly, we're very pleased that diluted earnings per share of $1.14 were up 11% versus last year and also well above plan. Now to our third quarter divisional performance. Again this quarter across all of our divisions, the comp increases were entirely driven by customer transactions. We see this as a great indicator of the strength of our value proposition. At Marmaxx, comp store sales increased 2% and segment profit margin was 14.3%, up 30 basis points versus last year. During the third quarter, Marmaxx's sales were negatively impacted by store closures due to the hurricanes. Marmaxx's apparel and home categories, both saw comp sales increases. We are excited about the initiatives we have planned to drive sales and customer transactions at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls this holiday season. Further, we have some great merchandize plans for our U.S. e-commerce sites in our Sierra business. Long term, we remain confident that Marmaxx, our largest division, can further grow its customer base and increase its market share. HomeGoods comp store sales increased 3%. Segment profit margin grew to 12.3%, up 200 basis points versus last year. As a reminder, last year we had a significant negative impact from the costs associated with the closing of our HomeGoods online business. During the third quarter, we were proud to open our 1,000 store in our HomeGoods division, a terrific milestone. With a highly differentiated mix of eclectic merchandize from around the world, we believe that both HomeGoods and HomeSense are well positioned to capture additional share of the U.S. market over the long term. At TJX Canada, our comp store sales were up 2%. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 15.2%, down 170 basis points versus last year. I want to mention that most of the year-over-year decline in Canada's margin was due to some non-recurring items last year and this year that impacted our year-over-year comparability. That along with increased freight costs due to the rail shutdown. We are the only major off-price retailer in Canada. We have a very loyal customer base and our offering well recognized retail brands across good, better and best categories. We believe that this sets us up well to attract even more customers to all three of our Canadian banners. At TJX International, comp store sales increased 7% with strong increases in both Europe and Australia. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis improved 7.2%, up 180 basis points versus last year. As Ernie said, we are very pleased with our European results, which drove this division's overall performance. Going forward, we are confident that we can gain additional share of both the European and Australian retail markets and increase this division's profitability. Ernie will have more to say on our international growth opportunities in a moment. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was up 1% and inventory on a per store basis was down 2%, driven by lower holdings at our distribution centers. We feel great about our liquidity and the outstanding availability we're seeing in the marketplace. We are very well positioned to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online throughout the holiday season. I'll finish with our capital allocation. We were very pleased to generate another quarter of strong cash flow while also reinvesting in the growth of our business and returning cash to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now I'll turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. Now I'll highlight the opportunities we see that give us confidence that we can keep driving sales and customer transactions in the fourth quarter. First, and most importantly, we remain committed to delivering outstanding value to our shoppers every day. This holiday season, consumers can expect to see great value throughout our stores every time they shop us. We see this as a meaningful advantage as consumers can shop our excellent values every day and not have to wait for sales or promotional days elsewhere. Second, with the outstanding availability we have been seeing in the marketplace, we are well positioned as a destination for gifts this holiday season. Each of our banners are set up extremely well to offer shoppers across a broad range of income demographics and exciting selection of gifts at price points that can meet their budgets. With gift offerings in every department, we believe our stores are an appealing one-stop shopping destination for consumers to buy for everyone on their list. Further, after the holiday season, we'll continue our focus on being a year-round gifting destination. Next, as we do all year long, we plan to flow fresh merchandise to our stores and online multiple times a week, which we believe is a key differentiator of our business. With our ever-changing assortment of merchandise, we are confident that shoppers can see something new every time they visit. In addition, we feel great about our plans to flex our stores after the holidays, to the categories and trends we believe consumers will be looking for to start the new year. Lastly, we feel great about our holiday marketing campaigns, which launched earlier this month. Each of our brands are emphasizing gift giving and reinforcing our value leadership. We plan to showcase a wide selection of quality products to highlight that there is something for everyone and demonstrate that our great values are available to everyone, every day. Further, we plan to advertise through a variety of media channels with an emphasis on digital to reach consumers across a wide age and income demographic who are seeking gifting inspiration. Moving on, we believe we are in an excellent position to continue capitalizing on the growth of off-price around the world and further grow our leadership position. giving me confidence is our very long track record of executing our flexible business model and our value leadership. We strongly believe that our decades of off-price expertise and knowledge is a tremendous advantage and will allow us to continue delivering comp store sales growth, driving customer transactions and attracting new shoppers. Next, we continue to see a significant opportunity to follow -- to further grow our store base in our existing countries. With over 5,000 stores today, we continue to see the potential to open another 1,200-plus stores with just our current retail banners in our current countries. Beyond this, you've heard me say before that we believe our off-price model can work wherever consumers seek fashion and brands at great prices. With that said, I'm excited to announce today that we are planning to expand our T.K. Maxx banner in Spain. We've been looking at the Spanish market for quite some time and are confident that the timing is right. And that we have a strong understanding of the marketplace and the consumer. Importantly, other than a small field office in Spain to effectively serve the local market, we plan to leverage our existing European infrastructure and organization. We expect our first stores to open in early 2026 and long term. We see the potential to open more than 100 stores in Spain. In addition to our current countries and our planned expansion in Spain, we are extremely pleased to gain off-price exposure in new markets as well. Through our JV with Grupo Axo and our investment in brands for less, we'll now be participating in the growth of off-price in Mexico the UAE, Saudi Arabia and beyond. We are always looking for ways to increase shareholder value, and we see these two investments as a good use of cash with an attractive growth and return profile over the long term. All of this gives me confidence that even as a $50 billion-plus global retailer, significant opportunities remain to capture additional market share around the world going forward. Summing up, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance, and we feel great about our initiatives for the holiday selling season. I want to reiterate that we are always looking at ways to increase both our top line and our profitability. Longer term, we are confident that our value leadership treasure hunt shopping experience and flexibility will continue to be key advantages and allow us to increase our market share. Further, I'm convinced that our global talent is unmatched and that our focus on culture, teaching and training will continue to be major contributors to our success for many years to come. Finally, we have many initiatives underway in our corporate responsibility programs, and I encourage anyone to learn more about our efforts on our corporate website, tjx.com in the Responsibility section. Now I'll turn the call back to John to cover our fourth quarter and full year guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. As a reminder, adjusted numbers for last year's fourth quarter and full year exclude the benefit from the extra week in our fiscal calendar last year. Now I'll start with the fourth quarter guidance where we are expecting overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%, consolidated sales to be in the range of $15.9 billion to $16.1 billion pre tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.8% to 10.9%, down 10 basis points to flat versus last year's adjusted 10.9%. And gross margin to be in the range of 29.4% to 29.5%. This will be down 10 basis points to flat versus last year's adjusted 29.5%. As a reminder, this year's fourth quarter gross margin assumes a negative impact from our year-over-year shrink accrual. SG&A to be 18.8%, which would be 10 basis points favorable to last year's 18.9%, net interest income of $35 million, which we expect to deliver pre tax profit margin by 10 basis points. Our fourth -- our fourth quarter guidance also assumes a tax rate of 26.0% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. Lastly, we're expecting fourth quarter diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.12 to $1.14 versus last year's $1.12 -- adjusted to $1.12. Moving to the full year. We continue to expect overall comp store sales to increase 3%. We expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $55.9 billion to $56.1 billion. We're increasing our pre tax profit margin guidance by 10 basis points to 11.3%. This would be up 40 basis points versus last year's adjusted 10.9%. We now expect gross margin to be 30.3%, a 40 basis point increase versus last year's adjusted 29.9%. We expect this increase to be driven by a higher merchandise margin, partially offset by higher supply chain costs. We continue to plan shrink to be flat versus last year. We continue to expect SG&A to be 19.3%, flat versus last year's 19.3%. We're planning incremental store wage and payroll costs to be offset by lower incentive compensation costs and a benefit from items that negatively impacted us last year. We're now assuming net interest income of $174 million, which would have a neutral impact on our year-over-year pre tax profit margin. Our full year guidance assumes a tax rate of 25% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. We now expect fully diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.17. This would represent an increase of 10% to 11% versus last year's adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.76. It's important to note that we are not flowing through the entire third quarter earnings per share beat of $0.06 to the full year as we expect $0.02 of timing expenses benefit in the third quarter to reverse out in the fourth quarter. In closing, I want to reiterate that we are very pleased with the execution of our teams across the company in the third quarter. We are confident in our plans for the fourth quarter and always will strive to beat them. We have a very strong balance sheet and are in an excellent position to continue investing in the growth of TJX while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now we're happy to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit your questions to 1 per person so we can answer as many questions as we can. Thanks. And now we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on another nice quarter. So Ernie, could you speak to the cadence of comps at Marmaxx or maybe outside of hurricane and weather disruption any change in business or market share momentum in the holiday in 2025? And then, John, if you could just outline or elaborate on the drivers of the third quarter merchandise margin expansion. Maybe just walk through continued drivers of merchandise margin looking forward?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So good question, Matt. Yes, we were actually starting off stronger than where we ended up in Marmaxx at the beginning of the quarter. And in addition to the hurricanes that hit us later, it was really some unseasonably warm weather in Marmaxx that kept pulling us down. In fact, we pretty much rounded down to the two. We were heading in a good place. And I'll tell you this, I'm extremely happy with where Marmaxx is starting off, starting off strong as we enter November here. And I know you're not asking about Europe, but this is where the weather and you've probably seen all the different reports of the unseasonably warm weather has affected other retailers and shopping patterns beyond just the hurricanes, our Europe business had a benefit weather. So the 7 comp that we have there, that team over there who did a great job on executing, I think, would tell you though that they were helped by some favorable cooler weather actually in Europe. So it's a tale of two cities. And again, the cadence was kind of like that, the way Marmaxx went. So we're ultimately feeling very good about the Marmaxx business. and where we're headed for Q4.
John Klinger: Yes. And as far as your question about the gross margin, most of it was in the merchandise margin line. We also had some expense savings in the DC line. And that's really from, as we said, that the inventories, I mean, they were on an average per store basis were down in the DCs and up in our stores. We're very comfortable with where the inventory is landed. So the DCs were processing closer to need, and that gives us savings in our DCs on the processing side.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. With tariffs and supply chain top of mind, I was hoping you could elaborate on how you're thinking about your current exposure to direct imports from certain countries such as China. And what impact a potential tariff scenario could have on your business, both in terms of inventory availability, but also costs to merchandise sourcing?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Brooke. Obviously, something we're aware of potential situations out there and all along we watch these things. As you remember, we've dealt with this before a number of years ago. I would tell you this is one of the places where our model is such a benefit because our priority is maintaining our value gap, right, on our goods relative to the out-the-door retail that competition. So while we won't speculate on exactly what will happen with certain items or certain categories, if it does happen, we are set up to ensure that we maintain our value gap between us and the out the door at no matter what those categories are that could get hit with tariffs. Everything is relative. We will make sure our values are proportionately below them as they always have been. Again, we have the flexibility that we're not buying so far early and out. The other opportunity, ironically, that tends to surface in times like this is we could have other manufacturers or retailers that do more of their own direct imports. And I know you mentioned our direct imports that's a very small portion of our business. And we've already a number of years ago, started diversifying out of China. As an aside, by the way, on this topic, as you know, the bulk of our inventory is bought from brands. So we don't even have visibility into where those goods are from, nor do we actually want to get involved in that. It's back to the value gap that we retail those goods out relative to competition. So if a brand were to get hit with tariffs increased tariff on a category, and that brand had to raise their price and then that price gets carried on to another retailer. Could that price on that one SKU for us be up a little? It might, but it will never be at any issue with the value gap that we have relative to the competition. On the direct back to the imports, that's such a small number for us that we're really not concerned on that piece, same idea. I would say, what was the last part of your question there for?
Brooke Roach: Just whether or not there was any benefits or opportunities that tariffs could present to your buying?
Ernie Herrman: Oh, yes. I'm sorry. So with the vendors could bring in good manufacturers could bring in goods early and this is what happened last time, that could create actually even additional availability of goods at advantageous prices for us because we can take advantage of that opportunistically. And that's as likely a scenario as anything. So once again, this is where the model when, when there's chaos out there in the market a little, if that happens a little bit on certain categories, ultimately, usually, that's an opportunity for us.
John Klinger: And then, Brooke, just to add on, you had questioned the supply chain. So we are anticipating a little bit of freight headwind in the fourth quarter, which we have reflected in our forecast.
Brooke Roach: Great. Thanks so much, Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Ernie, the comp continues to be driven by transactions. Can you talk to the composition of the new customers that you're gaining by age and income level and any changes you've seen in recent quarters or signs of trade down in that customer cohort?
Ernie Herrman: Right. No, great question, Lorraine. It's interesting, John, the team and marketing team, we look at this all of the time. We have, over the last few years, started to more of our customers are skewing a little bit younger as consistent we've talked about age 18 to 34 has been a growing segment for us. This is good based on where we have kind of skewed our business, but I would like to emphasize interestingly Lorraine. One thing I always talk about is how we trade broadly. That's in terms of income and age, all right? And we recently have looked at our breakdown by the age groups and the income groups. And again, it's a competitive advantage for us. We love the way we are balanced by age and income across every one of our banners. And we've recently looked at the new data on it. And yes, on the on some of the younger that's moved that way a little bit, it's still extremely in proportion to the different age groups balance across -- against the general population. We love that because it allows us to continue to keep growing our customer base on all incomes and demographic as well as you know this, we're all about good, better, best in our product. And so we continue to emphasize that with our merchants with the way we do our store formats, we want to appeal to all different incomes and age groups. And so -- I think I answered your first part about where the growth has been on the customer. But what I would tell you is our objective is to continue, yes, to get younger customers on the same time, unlike other retailers that kind of narrow in on their customer base from a demographics perspective. We are not doing that. We want to continue to trade broadly. So if we get more younger, I still don't want us to give up the older age customers or the in between. And so John, anything else you want to add to that?
John Klinger: With our good, better, best strategy, we trade across all income demographics. And last quarter, we saw positive performance across all the income demographics categories that we track.
Ernie Herrman: And you know what, I think neat and again, for the future, as we continue to expand, is there is a convenience benefit -- not only do we create more of a treasure hunt by going after this wide range of wider than our competition, and I don't mean just off price competition. I mean all competition that tends to trade -- now you and we've spoken about this many times. I think for the future, it continues to allow us to differentiate ourselves from the other retailers and to when we enter our market, it creates convenience not creating treasure hunt entertainment type of shopping experience, it creates convenience because when somebody is shopping in their stores, especially for gifts even you're having different levels of gifts, not just not a one age group, one income group. It allows somebody to have a convenient shopping experience as well as an unexpected what are you going to find shopping experience.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hi, guys. Two quick ones. I'm curious if you can talk about whether your view of the consumer has changed versus the last time we heard from you, three months ago, just given there have been some things that have changed on the macro sense. Just curious if you're seeing anything on the consumer? And then second, if you can just talk at a high level, about how you're thinking on margin expansion opportunities or challenges in 2025, if you can give us an early peek into how you're thinking? Thanks.
John Klinger: I'll start, and then I'll let Ernie chime in on the merchandise margin question. As far as the consumer goes, there's really no change in how we're viewing the consumer either by income demographic or by age. We -- again, as Ernie just mentioned, we're attracting more customers that are in that 18 to 34 age range, which we think is a definite plus when you think of the long-term health of the business. But again, the merchandising strategies that Ernie has talked about over and over again, we feel that, that, again, differentiates us from a lot of competitors and really gives a broad cross-section of the population and interest to shop us.
Ernie Herrman: Paul, I'll throw in two other things. I think this might also be helpful based on your question is what's changed since last quarter per se and the view on a macro scale, I don't know if this is a one-quarter thing or over the last few quarters. But as you can see, the health of our home business makes me continue to be very bullish on where we're headed in home. And I don't know if that's a macro trend. I know it probably is inconsistent when you look at the results in the home industry. But I think on our end, we're seeing for our customer, obviously, you can see from the build. In fact, I am thrilled with what HomeGoods did this past quarter against a very big comp last year. I would say, for our customers, and by the way, we believe there we gain additional customers. There's a bit of a -- an open to look for fun, I would say, eclectic fashion home merchandise and an ever-changing home assortment that, that seems to be picking up over the last few quarters, I would say, not necessarily Q2 to Q3, but I would say our Q3 versus three quarters ago. And you can see, we talked about that a bit on the last call. But I'm feeling even more bullish quarter-by-quarter. We've been -- and I've been talking about it for a year now. And that team, I'm very proud of our home teams across the corporation. I'm talking to stores the way they put out the goods, but also our merchants have been so collaborative in the way they've executed from HomeGoods to Marmaxx, to Europe, Canada, all the merchants at our home businesses have really been doing a nice job taking advantage of what I think is a bit of a shift.
Paul Lejuez: And then on the margin for next year, any thoughts?
John Klinger: We're not giving guidance today on the -- we're not prepared to give guidance for next year. I mean, we've been very consistent in saying that on a 3% to 4% comp, again, assuming no outsized expense increases and some merchandise margin improvement, we can be flat to up 10 basis points. But the biggest lever we have is our top line growth. When customers are searching for value, we believe our execution and the value we offer will continue to resonate with those customers. So we think that driving that top line is something that we will continue to do. So again, we'll give guidance on the fourth quarter call for FY '26.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks. Those were my points.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Thanks guys. Great quarter. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just to double click on Paul's question a little bit. As we think about the typical algorithm you guys speak to, I think last year was two to three comps with flat to 10 basis points of pre tax on PAT. I know you don't want to get into guidance, but any items or puts and takes we should start thinking about qualitatively to consider with respect to what would be a normal year tariffs, labor or just the mix of business. I don't know, John, you mentioned maybe there was a few thoughts that the international margins improvement you've been seeing lately could be more durable. I'm curious what you thought there. And then, Ernie, glad to hear your confidence on Marmaxx here in November. If you would mind just double clicking on it for a minute. What do you think is working? Is that weather just getting out of the way and it always should have been better or are you seeing the weather-sensitive categories improved or are these early reads from the holiday categories?
Ernie Herrman: Although it will start, I know that's your last part there, Michael. But yes, I think more of that, again we - I think Marmaxx would have tracked better if the weather wasn't unseasonably warm. And so now I think we're getting that weather picture out of the way here a bit and that's helping as well as I think I talked about in the script, we have so many of our gift giving categories that are now hitting the stores. And if you look -- I think now is a place if you look typically in our Q4, where we gained market share pretty steadily over a number of years. And I think there's a combination of the weather getting out of the way as well as Marmaxx is looking particularly strong from a mix perspective with gift-giving and fresh goods that have been hitting. So I think it's both. But thanks for that. Thanks for -- we don't mind double clicking on that one.
John Klinger: Yes. And then just to get back to the first part of your question, last year, we did have a number of onetime items that gave us a little bit of a tailwind this year. So that's why this year on a two to three comp we've been able to be, excuse me, on a three to four comp, we've been able to be higher or flow more there really isn't a lot this year that's impacted us. We don't see Spain next year as being a large headwind -- we're trying to be as cost-effective as we can going into that market, leveraging as much as we can that European business. So again, I'd just go back to my upfront comment of what we see until we have more detail for you on the fourth quarter.
Michael Binetti: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus in on HomeGoods, again, those initial comments were super helpful. Can you just talk about the profitability improvement there and how you guys have been able to drive that to such a nice level after a number of years of pressure? And then just on the international kind of announcements and a number of entries or changes this year. Has something changed in terms of strategy or how are you guys thinking about that? Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: All right, Alex. Let me start with and then John will probably jump out on the HomeGoods margin. But if I can get to you on what you're asking, which I would figure this would be a question. The international expansion is we're at a bit of a junction here of where we have talent and you've heard me talk about this before. We've always have this great business model, but I wanted to be very careful and strategic about when we roll it out to not dilute our core businesses. And so what's happened is the time -- so the timing of our model, along with entries into markets where nobody is doing a good job or even doing a job on off-price has been surfacing at a time when we -- because of all of the tenure that we have in TJX, which I have to emphasize, again, our management team's experience at all different levels from managers all the way up to top executives, we have tenure and experience across this corporation, really like never before. So that's allowed me to really work with the teams and identify opportunities and then have a handful of people that were either coming out of their jobs. They could have been nearing retirement or wanted to do something a little different. And we've been able to utilize them to actually help us make these, I guess, joint ventures or investments or new businesses like in Spain. So what really Alex has happened is we have more talent where I don't have to risk the core businesses to allow us to entertain and then actually get involved with these opportunities than we've ever had before. And so that's why you're seeing us do three different things internationally without taking away any focus or execution risk in our core businesses. Does that make sense? So that's a conscious really a conscious point of where we're at today. And I go back to not just the benefit, obviously, for these new business ideas, there's the benefit for our core businesses that this corporation has so much talent across the board. I think that's a differentiator for us from other retailers is the longevity that we have.
John Klinger: And then getting back to getting to your -- the beginning of your question, which is on HomeGoods giving you a little more color on the 200 basis point improvement. So the biggest thing I said in my talking points was the closure of homegoods.com last year. That we weren't up against that we didn't have this year. But other pieces, we had some expense efficiencies that we saw in the division along with some freight favorability. And this was, again, partially offset by supply chain wage and some inventory cap expense in the inventory cap is one of the pieces that we're seeing as reversing next quarter.
Ernie Herrman: One other thing I would jump in with there also, Alex, as you're asking about that home margin. And as I talked before, we're bullish on home in total, but our home margins are healthy across the board. So we're always feeling good and especially directionally, as you can see, where you and John just spoke about how the last quarter was a nice margin in HomeGoods. We're feeling good about our home business margins in general. So just it's -- that's another positive which is also in an industry where oftentimes margins are challenging at home, some of that has to do with those categories that other retailers do more of their business. And obviously, we're more fashion driven and eclectic, but thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. Just wanted to kind of dig in a little bit more on the overseas comp. One of the best performances you guys have put up in a few years, I think, just maybe just -- could you talk to the macro in both of those key regions, Australia and Europe kind of curious if anything is changing for the better at a higher level when you look at it? And then just a follow-up to that is -- should we expect a kind of similar dynamic with Marmaxx where you kind of talked about the weather was unfavorable, it shifted Marmaxx improved? Is it kind of the same thing with Europe, weather it was very favorable? I assume things have normalized, like kind of in terms of the comp should the comp be kind of normalizing as well after a really robust 3Q?
John Klinger: I mean our international comp, I mean, we had a strong comp both in Europe and in Australia. And it's the international comp is -- it's a portion that excellent execution, but also weather that Ernie had called out. So nothing more to add on that. As far as the Marmaxx comp, again, we continue to execute well there, and we're confident in our plans for the fourth quarter.
Ike Boruchow: I guess what the question is, have you seen a normalization in the comp trend as the seasonal benefit, I assume it's kind of waned a bit just like with Marmaxx, the seasonal headwind has waned trajectory-wise for that business?
Ernie Herrman: Right. So I think what you're getting -- so you're getting a yes, we would not plan to assume we're going to run at 7 comps all the time because, again, part of that was a benefit from the weather change and that goes away. Just by the way, yes, you're exactly right. Just as in Marmaxx that kind of went the other way and could go the other way. You also asked, I think, about the macro environment. I think the macro environment has not really changed much in Europe. That's still about the same. This was more about our own execution and the weather. And then obviously, here in the States, same thing.
Ike Boruchow: Thats helpful. Thank you, Ernie. Appreciate it.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. You may go ahead.
Bob Drbul: Hi good morning. Following up on the home business, can you spend some time just on HomeSense sort of how you're doing in the various regions, U.S., Canada, Europe? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So HomeSense, we've been very happy with. And in fact, as I was really trying to hint at earlier is our home business across the Board has really been healthy. We're liking what we're seeing for the most part, some exceptions throughout every geographic area that we're in.
John Klinger: Yes, we are positive across all the geographic areas that we have in these home businesses. And again, that includes the apparel stores where we have home as well.
Ernie Herrman: That's right, the full family stores, right? And by the way, in Europe, that was part of our strong performance, right, John, last quarter, so HomeSense there as well. We're also -- we've had a pickup recently in our HomeSense in the U.S. business as we've been playing with some execution issues there. not trouble per se, but ability to, we think, do more business going forward by tweaking the mix. So we don't say what that is, but we've done some good things in the teams. I give them a lot of credit that HomeSense business, but no feeling really good across them. Obviously, in Australia, we do home in our -- within our -- there is no separate home business versus in the other geographies. Having said that, that has also been healthy. Yes. So yes, again, all the indicators are in, I go back to we do our home business differently. Our merchants there collaborate and are creative, and I think all of you have seen this, what we give to the consumer in our home area is very different than what any other retailer does. Even though in some categories, we're overlapping, the approach is so much more eclectic. And by the way, good better best throughout the entire home area just as in the rest of our stores. So couldn't be happier where we're headed there.
Bob Drbul: Great. And just within the Marmaxx business, the runway piece of the business, are you seeing sort of better availability in some of the luxury goods areas for some of your stores?
Ernie Herrman: We usually don't comment on anything like that specific, but I mean availability has been okay there. That's -- it's such a limited -- we don't really use that as a bellwether for availability for us because it's only a limited store base. And that kind of moves because of the smaller resource structure there, it's a bit more up and down, and it could literally change week-to-week. So that's why we don't comment on availability in that business. But -- as you can see, the nature of the product that we have there is really what sets us apart and helps us with our mission of good, better, best. And in that case, it's probably best plus, I guess, you would call it.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
John Kernan: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our question. A lot of questions on home here. I would also like to focus in on a few of the other categories like beauty, consumables, footwear, accessories you go into stores, it looks like these categories continue to be elevated and some of them seem like they're getting floor space. So maybe just any commentary on some of the categories outside of home and then some apparel [ph]?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No, John, great observation and a great question. Obviously, yes, you can see some of the other businesses. I guess you would -- you're calling them consumables. Obviously, you can see we're doing a great job and things like that or beauty or there's many categories throughout the store that you would call consumables. I believe that those businesses are part of -- every one of our brands right now is doing a lot in that because we do, a, a good consistent flow of freshness there. And we talk about an area we kind of crush competition on value, our value and whether you look at the beauty business you looked at or if you look at our pet business, which is a consumable, really, for the most part, or many of the other areas, some of them are in home. Some of them are not there by our line up at the front of the store. You know many of those, even though you wouldn't think of them, everyone needs to replenish their -- their ear pods very often are the phone cases or right? And so all of the things that you just called out very strong, and we continue to have it be there. We believe their traffic -- I believe they're traffic builders and frequency of visit builders. As well as they are a form of extreme value because most of those categories, when you go to buy them and other retail or online, I believe the initial markups on those in the retails are pretty high. And so we show exceptional value in those consumable areas, which, obviously, the customer appreciates because the customer is getting something that they know they're buying often and they're saving money every time in a great way. So I'm glad you actually called that out because we don't really talk about that is we don't really talk about that as much. Wasn't there -- there was another piece where you're asking about apparel or something?
John Kernan: I wanted to talk on the other categories outside of core ladies...
Ernie Herrman: Yes, outside of home
John Kernan: I think follow up to John might be just on the gross margin question you got asked a few different ways. What would be the long-term driver of further merchandise margin expansion? Is it as simple as full price sell-through, mark it up, mark on? Like how do we think about the long-term merchandise margin opportunity outside the leverage on 3 to 4 comps?
John Klinger: Yes. Obviously, if there was a change in expense base, I mean, if -- because as we say, no outsized expense increases, if we started to see some expense decreases in certain areas, I mean, that could change the model. But the number one lever that we have to pull is the top line growth. And that's really where we see the opportunity going forward of just continuing to grab market share and continuing to grab that top line.
John Kernan: Thats great. Thanks guys. Best of luck.
John Klinger: Thank you, John.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. You may proceed.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much. Let me add my congratulations. So Ernie, we always say all very lead to off-price. So here's a little bit of a conundrum for you. Would you rather be in a backdrop that is pressured where you are taking share and getting trade down? Or would you rather be in a healthier environment stimulated maybe by demand in the back half of next year where you can raise prices relative to the market, but maybe inventory is a little bit cleaner. I think the latter...
John Klinger: In any kind of economic time. I mean we've consistently shown that that if times are good, we trade well, if times are troubled, people are looking for value, we tend to be a retailer that customers look for. I don't know if you have anything to add Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: I do, Adrienne. I favour the -- I like them both scenarios for different reasons. The only thing is on the second one, and I think your guess for me is I would slightly favour the a little healthier environment. But you said a little cleaner, the only thing we have -- I haven't witnessed that. So meaning when the environment is healthier strangely enough, what ends up happening is you have this initial lag, but when retailers get healthier, the wholesalers and those retailers tend to cut, meaning place more -- a little bit more goods more aggressively to chase what they believe is going to be a healthier trend, which ultimately doesn't lead to cleaner it might be cleaner for like a quarter or something. Do you know what I mean? So I like the healthier because it generally also even though innately first blush, you would think it would -- it would lead to leaner excess inventories, our experience has been that hasn't happened. So -- but then for the original reasons you were saying, I think it's good, where prices are up and then everyone can just -- we can maintain our gap. And meanwhile, you have to John's point, we do well in the other environment too so. So I just personally like what you were saying on the second one.
Adrienne Yih: And then my second follow-up is you're camping a really heroic home comp. Are you seeing a little bit of kind of movement, housing has started to move a tiny bit with rates coming down a bit? How does that work sort of in a Fed cutting cycle? I would imagine the horizon for the next year looks pretty good for HomeGoods and you're already starting to see that come through. So comment on that, Ernie or John?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think, Adrienne, right now, I know what you're getting at. We think there might be a little bit of that starting. I think that would be more next year where we believe there's a tailwind a little bit to your point, to help because home starts. If interest -- if mortgage rates did come down a notch, maybe you get more of that, even if it's not home starts, people are more willing to now go by fresh accessories or the core for their homes. And I think that's probably the play. Right now, I believe this is more of our own internal strong execution by the team that drove more of that comp against the big comp. And I believe it's also the environment where a lot of the competition has really looked stale. And so I think it's allowing us to even more shine. And so some of the things that -- if you walk in a HomeGoods right now, if you look at our holiday from our holiday signing package to all of the giftables to the different food categories that we have that are extremely gift oriented. I think the biggest thing right now is setting HomeGoods apart from all the other competition out there right now is, I believe, the biggest thing -- and then I think to your point in the spring, I believe we might get a little bit of a tailwind help by what could potentially be more of what you are talking about, new home or new purchases for your current on, given the economics.
Adrienne Yih: Thank you so much, well done to the team.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Adrienne.
Operator: And our final question of the day comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. Your line is open.
Dana Telsey: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Congratulations on the nice results. I would say that your marketing journey of HomeGoods, what you had in Madison Square Park with the HomeGoods house look terrific in New York a couple of weeks ago
Ernie Herrman: You saw that, yes, that's great.
Dana Telsey: Not only I have pictures too. It looks terrific. And it was a traffic driver. Yes. So the other thing, just as you think about marketing, how do you think of marketing as a percent of sales going forward? How is it different this holiday season from last -- and on the other note of Real Estate, what are you seeing in terms of new store performance of relocations and remodels, any shifts in store size? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Well, first of all, on our marketing, our attitude is to play a little bit of offense. So we're spending a little bit more and our creative, which I would love to we have groups coming up, but we'd love you guys to see the marketing campaigns. If you haven't seen some of the TV spots that have already been playing we think they're just terrific. And I think also the geared educating consumers that haven't shopped us to understand the value and what it is to shop us. And that's going to be playing out really strong, I think the teams have -- so we always look at marketing in terms of the -- what we're spending, obviously, to your first part of your question, but what is the creative one we're spending it on and because you need that to be breakthrough and then to -- you're trying to get an additional visit from either your infrequent shoppers or grab new customers. And the campaigns we're running really are geared at really going after a lot of consumers that have even entertain coming to us. So really feeling good about that. John, do you want to...
John Klinger: Yes. So your question around the relocations and remodels -- as far as the remodels go, we're ensuring that we're staying -- keeping the estate fresh. And so that when a customer comes in, no matter what store they come into they get the same shopping experience and maintaining that just means that we're not going to start to lose sales due to a poor shopping environment. And then the relocations, where we can where we see the opportunity to move into a better retail area, we see definite positives in the relocations that we've done over the last number of years.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Dana. And I would like to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating all of you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. And again, thanks for your time. And everyone have a safe holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-08-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded August 21, 2024. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Amanda. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. Today's call is being recorded and includes forward-looking statements about our results and plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to vary materially from these statements, including, among others, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC. Please review our press release for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as the full safe harbor statements included in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. We have also detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investors section of tjx.com, along with reconciliations to non-GAAP measures we discussed. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to start by thanking all of our global associates for their ongoing commitment to TJX. Thanks to their hard work and collective efforts, we continue to deliver an excellent shopping experience and outstanding value to our shoppers every day. Now to our business update and second quarter results. I'm extremely pleased with our second quarter performance and the terrific execution of our flexible off-price business model by our teams. Sales, profitability and earnings per share all exceeded our plans. I am particularly pleased that our comp sales increases across all of our divisions were once again entirely driven by an increase in customer transactions. We believe this is an excellent indicator of the strength of our business as our exciting merchandise assortment, great brands and outstanding values continue to resonate with consumers across our geographies. I also want to highlight the strong performance of our largest division, Marmaxx, which drove mid-single-digit increases in both comp sales and customer transactions. As to profitability, with our second quarter outperformance, we are once again raising our full year guidance for both pretax profit margin and earnings per share. John will talk to our profitability performance and guidance in more detail in a moment. Also, during the second quarter, we were thrilled to open our 5,000th store!, making another milestone for our company. This is a terrific achievement for TJX. We see plenty of additional store growth opportunities for our current retail banners in our existing geographies over the long-term. Additionally, with our recent announcements with Grupo Axo and Brands for Less, we expect to participate in the growth of off-price in several additional countries around the world. As we look at the remainder of the year, I am excited about the opportunities we see for this business. The third quarter is off to a strong start, and we have numerous plans underway to drive traffic and sales. Availability of quality branded merchandise is excellent, and we are confident we will have an exciting assortment of fresh goods across all of our stores and online throughout the fall and holiday selling seasons. I'll talk more about our second half opportunities in a moment. But first, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our second quarter results in more detail. John?
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Now I'll share some additional details on the second quarter. As Ernie mentioned, our consolidated comp sales increased 4%, which was above our plan entirely driven by customer transactions, both our apparel and home categories saw comp sales increases. Pretax profit margin of 10.9% was up 50 basis points versus last year. Pretax profit margin was 40 basis points above our plan. This was primarily due to lower freight costs, which includes a benefit from a true-up of our freight accrual and lower operational freight costs as well as stronger sales. These benefits were partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals and a contribution to The TJX Foundation. Gross margin was up 20 basis points versus last year. This increase was driven by strong mark-on and a benefit from freight, partially offset by higher supply chain costs. SG&A decreased 30 basis points versus last year. This decrease was primarily due to a benefit this year from lapping a reserve related to a German government COVID program receivable last year as well as expense favorability. These benefits were partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs. Lastly, we were very pleased that diluted earnings per share of $0.96 were up 13% versus last year and also well above our plan. Now to our second quarter divisional performance. Again, this quarter across all of our divisions, the comp increases were entirely driven by customer transactions, which we see as a good indicator of the strength of the business. At Marmaxx, comp store sales increased 5% and segment profit margin was 14.1%, up 40 basis points versus last year. Marmaxx's apparel and home categories both saw strong comp sales growth, and we saw comp strength across all regions. We were also happy with the strong sales performance of our U.S. e-commerce sites in Sierra stores, which we report as part of this division. We are very pleased with the momentum at Marmaxx and continue to see numerous opportunities to keep growing our largest division. HomeGoods comp store sales increased 2%. Segment profit margin grew to 9.1%, up 40 basis points versus last year. We see HomeGoods and HomeSense as highly differentiated from other retailers in the home fashion space. We focus every day on bringing customers eclectic assortment sourced around the world at exciting values. We continue to see significant opportunity to open new stores and capture additional share of the U.S. home market. Moving to our international divisions. At TJX Canada, comp store sales were up 2%, segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 15%, down 70 basis points versus last year. At TJX International, comp store sales increased 1% and were up in both Europe and Australia. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 4.3%, up 230 basis points versus last year. With our leadership position in decades of international operating experience, we are confident we will continue to be an attractive shopping destination for value-seeking customers around the world. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory and inventory on a per store basis were both down 2% and driven by lower inventory at our distribution centers. We feel great about our inventory levels and believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the outstanding availability we're seeing in the marketplace and flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this fall and holiday season. As to our capital allocation, we were pleased to generate another quarter of strong cash flow while also reinvesting in the growth of our business and returning cash to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now I'll turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. Now I'll highlight the opportunities we see that give us confidence that we can continue to drive sales and customer transactions in the second half of the year. First, we're convinced that consumers will keep seeking value. We believe our strategy of trading across a broad range of income and age demographics differentiates us from other retailers and remains a tremendous advantage. I am confident that our value proposition will continue to resonate with shoppers when they visit any one of our retail banners. Second, we feel great about our product category plans and have exciting initiatives planned for the fall and holiday selling seasons. Further, we have made our stores a year around shopping destination for gifts and believe we are becoming more top of mind with shoppers with our consumable offerings. We believe that all of this will create an even more exciting shopping experience and encourage consumers to visit our stores more frequently. Third, as I said earlier, availability of quality branded merchandise is outstanding. I want to emphasize that we consistently have access to more goods than we could ever buy. Overall, I believe our vendor relationships are as good as ever. Some have been getting even stronger as vendors see us as an attractive way to grow their business. This gives me great confidence that we can bring shoppers the right assortment at the right values throughout the remainder of the year and for many years to come. Next, the flexibility of our buying and planning and allocation teams allows us to go after the hottest categories and trends that drive customer excitement with the flexibility of our supply chain, I am confident that we can merchandise each of our stores with a curated assortment of good, better and best brands that will excite and inspire our shoppers. Lastly, we feel great about our marketing plans. Our campaigns will reinforce our value leadership and focus on capturing additional visits from our existing customers, attracting new shoppers and encouraging cross-shopping of our retail banners. Additionally, we plan to showcase a wide selection of products to highlight that there is something for everyone and demonstrate that our great values are available to every shopper every day. Further, we plan to continue to represent a broad range of shoppers in our advertising and leverage a wide variety of media channels to target a wide customer base. Also giving us confidence is that our customer surveys continue to tell us that our value perception and overall satisfaction scores remain strong. Further, each of our divisions continue to attract an outsized number of younger customers to its stores, which we believe bodes well for the future. Beyond this year, I am confident that TJX has significant opportunities to capture additional market share over the long term. Let me quickly reiterate why we believe we are so well positioned. First is our reputation as a value leader in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia. Second, we believe we are the only global brick-and-mortar off-price retailer that's able to take brand, fashion and quality and put it all together in a differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience for consumers across a wide demographic. We also offer a wide fashion assortment, which we believe will appeal to a broad range of shoppers. Third, all aspects of our business model are driven by flexibility, which allows us to constantly pivot to take advantage of market trends. Next, we see the opportunity to grow our store base to nearly 6,300 stores with our current retail banners in just our current geographies. Again, I am extremely confident there will always be plenty of quality merchandise available to us to meet our store growth plans. Lastly, I truly believe the depth of off-price knowledge and expertise within TJX is unmatched. We are laser focused on teaching and training to develop the next generation of leaders. Finally, I am so proud of our company culture, which I believe is a strong contributor to our success and a major differentiator. Now moving to our investment in Brands for Less, which we detailed in our press release, as we continue to pursue our global growth vision, we are excited for our plans to have a minority ownership position in a profitable off-price retailer based in Dubai. As with our planned joint venture in Mexico, which we announced last quarter, this investment represents another opportunity for our company to expand our global reach with an established off-price retailer. In addition to BFL's strong financial profile, I have personally met with the management team and feel really good about our investment and the strong business they have built to date. We are always looking for ways to increase value for TJX's shareholders, and we see this transaction as a good use of cash that we expect to be slightly accretive to earnings per share beginning in fiscal '26. Moving to corporate responsibility. We are looking forward to the annual release of our global corporate responsibility report this fall. Our teams have been hard at work on our corporate responsibility initiatives. For example, in fiscal 2024, we helped provide more than 2 million young people in our communities with access to educational opportunities. Additionally, in support of career development, we continue to create learning opportunities for our associates, including formal training classes online, in-person learning opportunities and formal mentoring and direct training. We have also continued to make progress against our global environmental sustainability goals. Further, we remain focused on our social compliance program and operating responsibly as a business. You can read about our progress in our upcoming report. I am proud of the work our teams across the globe continue to do on corporate responsibility, and I hope you'll take some time to learn more about what we are doing in this area. Summing up, we are extremely pleased with our sales and profitability performance in the second quarter. The third quarter is off to a strong start, and we are excited about the initiatives we have planned during the second half of the year. As an off-price leader in every country we operate in, we believe we are in an excellent position to take advantage of the market share opportunities we see over the long term in those geographies. Additionally, I want to reiterate that we will not be complacent and we remain laser focused on increasing the overall profitability of TJX. I truly believe we have one of the best retail models in the world with the best associates in retail. Going forward, I have confidence that the flexibility of our business, the talent of our associates and our relentless focus on value will continue to serve us well and allow us to navigate through the ever-changing retail and economic landscapes. Now I'll turn the call back to John to cover our full year and third quarter guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions. John?
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. I'll start with our full year fiscal '25 guidance. We now expect overall comp store sales to increase approximately 3%. We are increasing our consolidated sales guidance to a range of $55.8 billion to $56.1 billion. This change reflects the flow-through of the stronger sales in Q2. We're increasing our pretax profit margin guidance to be approximately 11.2%. This would be up 30 basis points versus last year's adjusted 10.9%. We now expect gross margin to be approximately 30.2%, a 30 basis point increase versus last year's adjusted 29.9%. We expect this increase to be driven by a higher merchandise margin, which includes favorable mark on as well as a benefit from lower freight costs, partially offset by higher supply chain costs. We continue to plan shrink to be flat versus last year. We continue to expect SG&A to be approximately 19.3%, flat versus last year's 19.3%. We're planning incremental store wage and payroll costs to be offset by lower incentive compensation costs and a benefit from items that negatively impacted us last year. We're now assuming net interest income of about $160 million, which would have a neutral impact on our year-over-year pretax profit margin. Our full year guidance assumes a tax rate of 25.2% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we now expect full year diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.09 to $4.13. This would represent an increase of 9% to 10% versus last year's adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.76. It's important to note that we are not flowing through the entire second quarter earnings per share beat of $0.06 to the full year because we're now planning higher incentive compensation accruals and higher freight expenses for the second half of the year versus our previous guidance. Moving to our third quarter guidance. We're expecting overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%, consolidated sales to be in the range of $13.9 billion to $14 billion. Pretax profit margin to be in the range of 11.8% to 11.9%, down 10 to 20 basis points versus last year's 12%. Gross margin to be in the range of 31.1% to 31.2%. This would be flat to up 10 basis points versus last year. SG&A to be approximately 19.5%, an increase of 10 basis points versus last year. Net interest income of about $34 million, which would delever third quarter fiscal 2025 pretax profit margin by approximately 10 basis points. Our third quarter guidance also assumes a tax rate of 26% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. Based on these assumptions, we expect third quarter diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.06 to $1.08, up 3% to 5% versus last year's $1.03. Lastly, our implied guidance for the fourth quarter assumes that overall comp store sales would be up 2% to 3% and pretax profit margin would be in the range of 11% to 11.1%, and earnings per share will be in the range of $1.14 to $1.16 per share. When comparing this implied guidance to last year's results, it's important to remember that last year, we had an extra week in the fiscal fourth quarter that benefited pretax margin by 30 basis points and earnings per share by $0.10. We plan to provide more detailed guidance for the fourth quarter on our third quarter earnings call. In closing, we are confident in our full year plans and as always, we will strive to beat them. We have a very strong balance sheet that continues to allow us to invest in the growth of TJX while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now we're happy to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit your questions to one per person so we can answer as many questions as we can. Thanks, and now we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Can you talk about AUR in the quarter, the balance between category mix shifts and like-for-like price increases? And then also any changes you might be seeing in customer behavior around value?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Lorraine, good talking to you. AUR has been pretty, pretty consistent, right, John, through the...
John Klinger: It has been, yes.
Ernie Herrman: It didn't move much. I think it went up a little.
John Klinger: It's slightly up, yeah.
Ernie Herrman: And obviously, the comp was driven mostly by transactions, right, because it's not up as much as the comp. The balance in like-for-like goods were still continuing. If Lorraine getting at what are we doing as far as pricing on goods, we still have been selectively throughout the business. Again, bottom-up, we do not manage this top down. We have been bottom-up still adjusting retails where appropriate. I think if you look at our merchandise margin, though, the story is becoming more and more about the buying better and not just the retails, and I think it's more of a combination of those things as well. Even though I'm sure you've been seeing all the talk about as inflation subsides, that we'll be, and I'll get right to it. I'm sure there'll be a question going with that in terms of the AUR and the balance on the like items. What could happen in the market if retails come down on certain categories, et cetera? We always -- and our merchants are excellent at this. Our retails are dictated by what's happening around us. That's in the current and in the future what we predict. So we're always retailing the goods based on the out-the-door retailer that we see at the competition. So we feel as though we will have that covered, could that have retails come down, too soon to say on which categories. A lot of those discussions, by the way, have been kind of grocery-oriented and not necessarily marrying up with our business. So right now, we haven't been seeing anything significant like that at all, which is why our AUR is where John had just said slightly up. So I think there still exists opportunity as we move forward to address retails internally based on more of a significant gap between our retail and the out-the-door, which is still going to create opportunities there. Having said that, we're always extremely aware of what's going on around us. We don't know the timing of when that could start to moderate a little. But I think we're in a really healthy position, especially when you go to point number three is the availability of growth just creating an unusual ability to buy goods and retail goods extremely profitably, as you can see from this quarter.
John Klinger: And then as far as the customer, we see positive results from all the income demographics we look at. And again, that speaks to the good, better, best product mix buying close to need. So if a certain customer category is driving the comp, we can easily go back and repurchase those goods and get them back into the store quickly. So for us, it's about making sure that we're appealing to all customer demographics, which this quarter appears we have.
Ernie Herrman: One thing, Lorraine, and I know we have a lot of questions we need to get to, but you're asking one that touches on so much. The marketing -- if you noticed in my script, I talked about our marketing, how lining up with what John just said as far as how we treat the merchandise mix, which we've talked about for years. I don't think I've given as much air time the fact that we market so appropriately to the good, better, best spectrum ensuring that, and I mentioned it in the script, is that we are - if you look at who we use in our marketing, we're trying to test more channels to apply to all, again, all age groups. We try to go to all the different channels to evolve with where the consumer is going. We have different media channels. Each brands campaign has a differentiated and broad invitational message really that expresses the benefits of our business model to every customer. So also in my script, you heard me saying, we want to sell everybody, every day. And our marketing is lined up with that same is consistent with that strategy. So just so, we haven't talked about the marketing as much. But when you watch our spots, whether it's HomeGoods or Marshalls or Maxx or Sierra, it is aimed at not being narrow. It is a wide audience that we're going after.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Just a couple from me. Just first on the Grupo Axo JV and then now that's invested in Brands for Less. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the strategic rationale between those two and what they uniquely add? And then just honing in on the international business came in a little bit weaker than consensus expecting even though Marmaxx was completely enough to offset it. I'm just wondering if you can talk about what you're seeing in the international business. Any additional color there would be super helpful. Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, very much, Alex. Again, good questions, Grupo Axo. So these two opportunities -- here's the big strategic thing that we're trying to do here. So we have this great -- at a high level, you can picture this happening. We have this great business model. And as I've also emphasized and everyone on the team knows it here, we have a long tenure, some of the best -- certainly, in off-price. Of course, I'm not objective, but I would say the best talent in retail and certainly in off-price. And what happens is we have a seasoned, very seasoned management group that you get to a point we have some bench strength. So we're able to now more readily than we would have a number of years ago, where I would have been reticent to pull from the core business, we are able to take advantage of expanding globally in a manner that has really no risk to the core and at the same time, takes advantage of additional geographies. So that's why you're seeing - we really realized and we're able to orchestrate these from a couple of years ago, we started to say this is a good mission for us to take advantage of a great business model. And now that we have the talent where -- and John does this in his world in the finance world, we do it in every -- whether it's operations or merchandise, we want to make sure if we're going to give up a few people that we have the right replacement. So Mexico, obviously, is a market we've looked at for a while and we know there's business to be done there. We felt it was right to do it as a private -- I'm sorry, as a joint venture. And we also now have the talent to have people get involved to do that. That's a very appropriate one. We own almost half the business. BFL is a little different, but same idea where we can -- and they're terrific, by the way. We have really enjoyed our meetings with them, they are culturally very similar. They are also -- they have a lot of retail experience, a little younger on the off-price side, but we have that secret sauce merchandising talent and now again, back to the original point, we can afford to have people be involved to help them, which helps them and it helps our investment. And so we're excited because in terms of going to new geographies and new markets with a model, we have the talent now to do that under the big picture of the growing -- continuing to grow TJX. Does that make sense or...
Alex Straton: Yeah, that's great. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: And then the other question was on the international margin. Yes, the international, do you want to say something John, and then I'll jump in or you want me to...
John Klinger: So let me explain what we're seeing here. So we obviously had a -- we're lapping the German write-off, the receivable write-off that we had last year. But the other thing that's affecting us the other way is that last year, we also had a transactional FX gain that we're up against. So that's what's driving the margin. It's up to 230 basis points versus last year, which we're pleased with, given those two things.
Ernie Herrman: From a -- Alex, from a sales perspective, we were a little disappointed in our Europe business, specifically on the international piece. And that was more from a combination of the environment, a little bit of weather, but I would tell you there is a decent size of that's our own execution. And what's good with this company, culturally, in every division we're in, that team has really done a good job. We started talking about this two or three months ago, and we are already seeing the benefit in the numbers over there, over the last few weeks of the adjustments we've made and some of the merchandise mix and the way we have shipped the stores, specifically in the U.K., I would tell you, it was not really a Germany issue. It was more of a U.K. issue. And so we would tell you we were disappointed in the performance in Europe, and that's what was affecting that international number and specifically the U.K., but we believe we're on the right path going forward.
Alex Straton: Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on another nice quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So Ernie, could you speak to the cadence of same-store sales that you saw during the second quarter? Maybe elaborate on recent trends supporting the strong start that you cited for the third quarter. And just maybe what you're seeing across categories or divisions and if you see this as a positive lead indicator for holiday?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No, great. Great Well, kind of parts three, A, B and C. Very good, Matt. Yes, Matt, I can start off. John will start with the case.
John Klinger: Yeah. Obviously, we saw positive comps across all of our divisions. The other important thing to note is that on a 2-year stack basis, we did see an improvement each month of the quarter, which is also important to note.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And then dovetailing into that, you're asking about the strong start to Q2. What's been nice about that is we're happy with our strong start to Q2 on the sales line, and it seems to be healthy across the board. So that is something that we're feeling good about. And do we think that is a -- of course, first of all, Q3 is for many retailers that have an apparel component to their business can often be with the transitionalizing coming out of spring, summer goods and going into the fall goods can be a little treacherous. You have weather dependency, et cetera. We have strategies we try to mitigate that as well as the way we plan and ship by regions within the United States, not as much of an issue in Canada and Europe. But our team's planning on allocation and buying have done a great job, I think, on buying the right transitional goods. So we feel really -- this is another indicator I'm mentioning that makes us feel good about where we're heading in Marmaxx and the apparel ends of the business as we head into Q3, in addition to what we've been seeing in sales for the last couple of weeks as we started the quarter. Yes. And then the last thing I'll say, which I did mention in the script, Also, John and I talked about this all the time is since we have year after year, our store experience, as you know, has gotten better and better. With that, our merchandise mix, good, better, best, but a lot of more giftable brands that we carry, I think, bodes well because we're always more gifty to a wider range of customers year after year, I feel as though we improve on that year after year. And so I'm bullish on Q4 upside because my first comments were really oriented to Q3. Q4, I believe we're going to be well positioned for gift giving across many of the families of business in the store.
John Klinger: I mean I'd just add on to that, that our strategy with consumables in the stores definitely gives customers a reason to shop if the weather is not compliant. And that goes both with the apparel businesses and the home businesses.
Matthew Boss: It's great color. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. Can you really talk a little bit more about apparel versus home within the Marmaxx business. I think you said both were up. So I was curious how the home business within Marmaxx performed relative to HomeGoods and the drivers of the home business in each if they were different at all. And then just curious, a very high level, I'm curious what surprised you the most in the first half of the year and now that might have influenced how you're thinking about the second half? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Well, let's -- so on the part about the home versus the apparel, this won't be really a surprise when you think about it. So the Marmaxx home really outpaced, I'm not going to give you the exact numbers, but outpace [ph] the HomeGoods home, large, really, what you sum it up to? I would sum it up to like big, big ticket that we stand for at HomeGoods as an industry, as you know, furniture, and that business industry-wide is slower and also that would apply in HomeGoods. So the business -- even though the Marmaxx slightly outpaced it wasn't by a lot, but that was the driver of the difference. We're very happy with the way -- and I can specifically say very happy with the continued improvement in HomeGoods across the store and where we're seeing HomeGoods going for the start of Q3. John, did you have...
John Klinger: Yes. I would just add that where we see departments that line up between Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we saw similar...
Ernie Herrman: Very similar trends, yeah.
John Klinger: So...
Ernie Herrman: That's a good point. It was really when you get to the big ticket that made the difference. Your other question, Paul, is about that. I want to make sure I get this right. Was it on the -- any surprises in the first half? Is that what you - in that half, how does that impact the way we look at the back half the...
Paul Lejuez: Yeah. I guess, for surprise first time. And how does that influence the back half thinking?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I guess the only -- the surprise -- a little bit of a surprise to us is we know there's always going to be a lot of availability of goods and the amount of tough environment surprise us even a little and I think I alluded to this, there's even more -- we're a little surprised by the amount of goods that is off the charts, even a little bit more than we would have thought. So that's taught us. So how does that affect your back half? So what we do is we look at what categories is there even beyond the normal phenomenal about, whatever the word we always use different words, about availability. And we actually -- what that affects is how we - how much we leave open in those categories for and more of the close-out, hand-to-mouth buying in the back half. And so as you can imagine, it had us for the back half and even through Q1 to leave more liquidity because clearly, there's no lack of availability. If anything, it surprised us on the amount of increased availability. So that's probably the biggest surprise.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brooke Roach: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. My question is on margin. Can you elaborate on your view for further margin expansion opportunity on a multiyear basis? And then on near-term trends, can you speak to what's changed in your freight forecast versus your prior thinking? And any other puts and takes that we should be thinking through on supply chain and merchandise margin into the back half of the year? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Do you want to start or you want me to start with...
John Klinger: I can start with...
Ernie Herrman: The freight forecast.
John Klinger: Yes, the freight forecast that we're seeing. So we did add some expense to our forecast in the back half of the year to take care of some additional ocean freight increases that we're seeing. We're seeing ocean freights per container rise. So we did take that step to add something in our forecast there.
Ernie Herrman: On, Brooke, on looking forward, I think you're asking about -- do we see margin opportunities, is that it kind of as we look out?
Brooke Roach: Yes. That's right.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Okay. So -- well, that's a very -- when you say -- are you talking merchandise margin?
Brooke Roach: Sure. We can talk merchandise margin, but also a...
John Klinger: I mean the bottom line margin is consistent with what we've said in the past, right. The bottom line that on a 3 to 4 comp, we could be flat to up 10 basis points, again, assuming no outsized expense headwinds. That message is still consistent.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Obviously, this year, we have raised that now where our margin for the year is going up from where we planned for a lot of reasons. But one of the reasons I think if I'll go to the merchandise margin, which we were starting to talk about is the situation of all these -- the stars keep aligning with our opportunities and gaining market share, we mean more to vendors than ever before. Our relationships should continue to bode well in terms of us continuing to buy goods more favorably as we move forward. Another place where I think our merchandise margins have upside is where -- the way we manage our flow, every division has gotten -- continues to get even better. This is why in the last couple of -- which helps our markdowns and our merchandise margin directly when you put the right goods into the right clusters of stores, you obviously end up with a reduced markdown rate in an increased sales because our planning systems over the last couple of years and are planning associates are getting better and better at this. Another place in Marmaxx specifically in and HomeGoods domestically, we are able to now tailor the mix, and we've done a better job at putting together Sunbelt strategies and different region strategies across the different climate zones in the United States, which also is a huge benefit to our merchandise margin. I think what we're going to also see is when you look at total margin, we've talked about this before, is our Europe business. John and I have talked about this for a few years now. We're seeing that our goal there is to get to an 8% bottom line versus where we were, and we're doing that in pretty short order over a few years. And I think that is also going to bode well for the -- obviously, that's going to help our total TJX margin. And then we still see in different markets, Canada is obviously continue to be very profitable. But I think we're going to see our home business specifically, which is big throughout TJX. We're feeling good about the margin opportunities there beyond just the freight savings because of our fashion component where we are able to still provide great value. Our sourcing is excellent, and we can still value and make good margins at a business. So as that business continues to grow, just feeling big upside and excited about the opportunities for year after year on the margin side. Great question.
Brooke Roach: Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Your line is open.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much. And let me add my congratulations, super well done. Ernie...
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Adrienne
Adrienne Yih: You're very welcome. The first question is, can you talk about for the macro consumer health backdrop today versus when we were at the last quarterly call in both the U.S., Canada and then Europe. Obviously, the overall sentiment is the consumer backdrop has worsened, but your -- obviously, your model is prepared for that. So that's number one. And then, John, can you just talk about where are those store payroll investments going? What do you expect to get in terms of the return? Is it hours? Is it employees? Thank you so much.
Ernie Herrman: Hey, Adrienne. Great question on the landscape and what's happening to kind of get at where the trends could be going. The macro health situation does vary, I think, by country also a little bit. We see - I would say the U.S. versus in the first quarter is similar macro environment, at least for us, for our experience. I know everything you read is we always wait. We have some of the same information that you have. So we wait for a lot of reports to come out to kind of adjust. All I know is the availability seems to keep growing, which makes me wonder if certainly at our supply - the brands that we deal with, are they running into a little tougher situation. So that could be, again, tough for me to answer that versus just a quarter ago. We also don't tend to see the movement by quarter. It seems to be over 6 months or 12 months. Canada, pretty challenging up there. Europe, more challenging, I would say, both are challenging environments from maybe 6 months ago. The difference in our comps there, I think, is we've had weather in both those areas. Canada was hit with some weather situations. Canada did a little better than Europe and is up against tougher numbers. Europe, I would say, again, our performance probably had half of it was due to our own execution, which -- not that we like it, but we like it because we can adjust that and we know what to do and you followed us for years. You know that whenever we identify execution issues, we address it. And that team has been great, and they already have really addressed a lot of the things that we think we could improve on, which is why we're already seeing that improvement as we start Q3. I'd say the environment there is challenging, though economically in Europe. So I can understand why you would ask the question and probably a little bit more so than, again, 6 months ago. John, did you want to talk about it?
John Klinger: Yeah. So on the wage, we continue to see wage increases across all of our geographies. You'll remember, we talked, I think, on the first quarter call about Europe announced a -- or excuse me, the U.K. announced a 10% increase in wage. We've seen some of the provinces, I think most recently, Ontario announced a minimum wage increase. And of course, we've seen that as well in the U.S. Our strategy still holds that we are increasing, obviously, where the legislative increases have gone, but also where we have competitive reasons to increase our wage. We also keep something in our budget for that as well. So if we see either higher attrition rates or some challenges hiring. We have the ability to go in pointedly and increase wages.
Adrienne Yih: Very helpful. Best of luck for back to school and holidays.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Adrienne.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, congrats on a great quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Michael Binetti: You mentioned earlier the 2-year stack accelerating through 2Qs [ph] kind of wondering looking at the model here. HomeGoods has very tough compares coming up in the third quarter and the back half, I guess. Is there a scenario where the 2% to 3% total company comp for third quarter allows for a negative comp in HomeGoods like the stacks might imply just against that big plus 9 a year ago? And then on the margins, since you spoke a little bit about flow-through in the normal framework, the 3 to 4 comp and flat to 10 basis points of leverage. You've been outpacing that for a while. Is there anything on the horizon that would cause that to slow back down to the normal framework that we should think about?
Ernie Herrman: Well, so two things. I'll jump on the HomeGoods. So yes, we don't feel HomeGoods would run a negative...
John Klinger: We're not anticipating..
Ernie Herrman: We're not anticipating that. So good question. That is not what we would be planning.
John Klinger: On the margin, so obviously, we've been pretty consistent about the 3 to 4 comp being flat to up 10 basis points. But what we saw in this year is that we had a number of onetime items that allowed us this year to leverage on a 2 to 3 versus that 3 to 4, and that's really the reason.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Does that change as you look out next year? Or is it -- you think about the same framework?
John Klinger: Like I said, next year, I would place it that, again, that model of a 3 to 4 comp being flat to up 10 basis points at this point is what we would be consistent with. We're not giving FY '26 guidance just yet, but that's what we've said and that's what still holds.
Michael Binetti: Okay, guys. Best of luck into the holidays. Thank you.
John Klinger: Thanks, Michael.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark with Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just maybe first for Ernie, I was hoping to get some perspective on the market share gains. Marmaxx comps obviously compare very nicely to what we've seen out of the department store channel and others thus far. But at the same time, we are seeing some of the mass retailers report some better results in general merchandise and including some more positive commentary on apparel. So could you just speak to how you're protecting your flank when it comes to some of the mass discounters that are also competing for that trade down consumer?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great question, Mark. We -- by the way, to your point, we've been looking at the same numbers. We track all of this as we continue to monitor our market share gains. And by the way, we -- as best we can, some countries that we don't have. But in the U.S., as you just stated, there's a lot of good information out there. So we track -- well, when you look at the total, so first thing we do is we look at the Marmaxx total with new stores, and you can see clearly, we're gaining market share in total. Now as to where it is, we have some information that shows in the apparel and in home, I would say we're picking up market share in both. It depends on how you slice out some of the discounters that have home in it because if they're not -- if they have general home and you throw all the families of business in there, you can look at one number, but if it's more home furnishings driven, which is what we are with some other things that make it a little fuzzy, for example, we have a pet business in our home area. We have a lot of consumables that John talked about, like the gourmet food that we carry, where does that-- that's in our home business.
John Klinger: Greeting cards.
Ernie Herrman: Greeting cards.
John Klinger: Wrapping paper.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, yes, wrap. Where is that in those businesses. So that's where it gets really funky. So as best we can and some of the reports that are written in your industry, on the sell side will show us that - it will show that we're picking our home business clearly against the direct competition. But I do like your wording on protecting your flank because what we look for is any sign of in total on those groups that we look at for competition, are they getting close? Are there promotional retails? Are we feeling that their sales -- comp sales are any healthier than ours were? Right now, we haven't seen it, and we're clearly gaining market share in home as well, but to your point, we're always trying to protect our flank by being aware of where they are. And then one of the things our merchants do is whoever is doing better business when their business -- we shop them very aggressively to look at our values in the categories from a fashion perspective that they carry that, a, should we have more of it? Are we selling it? Should we be retailing it differently? Because again, our first priority is to offer value that's better than everyone else around us. So that's kind of all that goes into kind of protecting the flank, so to speak. I love the terminology you use.
John Klinger: I guess, just being on top of it every day.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Corey Tarlowe: Great. Thanks and good morning. Ernie, I was wondering if I could give a perspective on opening price points. So other retailers have talked about cutting prices. They've also highlighted more promotions. You -- and you also, I think, mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're seeing, I think, flattish ticket, maybe it has a little bit of a plus sign on it. How do you think about the trajectory for AUR and opening price points going forward within the context of the broader environment?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great question, Corey. So start with that we won't top-down manage it, so which is why we're always reluctant on a top-down average ticket, average unit retail, giving a projection too far out because we can -- sometimes the market moves fast. We go after -- oftentimes, and John often talks about this, it's the mix of our departments. So we could have an accessories area or a gourmet food area that's at a low ticket, but we're driving, sales are hot there just by the fact that we're going to drive that a little disproportionately than something else that could lower our ticket temporarily.
John Klinger: But we normally see units go up when we see...
Ernie Herrman: Right. We see the units in the basket go up.
John Klinger: Right.
Ernie Herrman: Right, so -- but on opening price point specifically, which is at the beginning, we -- so -- and if you look at what we've talked about really more in depth, the last few calls and meetings we've had is we believe strongly in having opening price point goods, ensuring they're at the right value, but this is why we are all over having a balanced good, better, best mix throughout all of our brands and banners in all of our markets. So we are always passionate about opening price point goods in balance, though, and we're always up against it being balanced, which is why you're not seeing our ticket move around that much because as much as we're passionate about, we have it in ratio to our better brands and better retails and our best brands. And that hasn't moved a lot. Again, we don't top down, tell the merchants that we let nature take its course a little. The only thing we insist on is that every merchant have a balanced mix of good, better, best. And we let that fluctuate a little bit, but we never get away from it. So I hope that answers that opening price point question. And on the cutting prices, well, again, that back to the original thing at the beginning of this call is we don't cut -- we do cut prices when we see our price on an item is coming down around us because we're going to ensure that our value is proportionately significantly better going out the door than they're out the door. But that's when we would cut the price or we cut the price if we're not selling something as well regardless of what's happening around it because that happens as well.
John Klinger: And we do that through the markdown process.
Ernie Herrman: Right, which is very automated and the merchants initiate and we continue to slash and we can take a markdown, we can take a price adjustment where we just adjust it to what we think is the new right retail. Again, remember, we will never ever be undersold. So -- but that's what drives us cutting prices when we do cut prices. I hope that answers it.
Corey Tarlowe: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. You may proceed.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. I just want to ask another one more question about Brands for Less. Ernie, you talked about the strategic rationale. Can you just help us understand sort of the financial rationale, why take a 35% stake. Why not more, why not less? And how do you...
Ernie Herrman: That's very good, Jay. Well, some of that - John and I will both jump up in on this. But -- so these -- I won't get into the specifics, but sometimes when you start with these negotiations, one site could be looking for a couple of investors, and they actually might be looking for us to be less of an investor than 35. Sometimes after you start exploring, you see a good number, sometimes, I would say it's kind of a meeting of the minds to sum it up that we don't always -- you have to come out with the proportional amount that the founders, the owners there that are great and us, where we all feel we're at the right level. And there isn't as much -- I mean there's some science, but then there's a bit of the qualitative discussion about how much we think they want us to own, how much we think we should own. And we ended up in what we thought was a sweet spot given their feelings and our feelings. John...
John Klinger: They weren't looking for a complete buyout. They were looking for a minority investor.
Ernie Herrman: They weren't looking for a 50%...
John Klinger: Right. And at a 35%, it gives us enough skin in the game that makes us - makes it worthwhile.
Ernie Herrman: And Jay, what is neat about it, though, at the same time, the 35%, the way it works with us, it stays a very -- it's a healthy investment as you can see based on the number that we put in. We believe it's accretive in a couple of years...
John Klinger: Next...
Ernie Herrman: Next year. And if we plan to add the value that we think we can, we still have a -- we own 35%. So if it grows like we think it can. And we, at our secret sauce, so to speak, are in terms of the buying and they're excellent at, they really want to collaborate, and we're very impressed with what they've done. I think it's a great marriage, yet they didn't want to buy out, and we wanted to own a decent insurance. So you end up kind of in that middle zone.
Jay Sole: Makes sense. Ernie, thank you so much.
Ernie Herrman: You're welcome, Jay. That was our last call. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again on our third quarter earnings call in November. Take care, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-05-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, May 22, 2024. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Cordi. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. Today's call is being recorded and includes forward-looking statements about our results and plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to vary materially from these statements, including, among others, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC. Please review our press release for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as the full safe harbor statements included in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. We have also detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investors section of tjx.com along with reconciliations to non-GAAP measures we discuss. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to start by thanking all of our global associates for their ongoing commitment to TJX and for delivering great value to our customers. I especially want to recognize the hard work of our store distribution and fulfillment center associates across the Company. Now to our business update and first quarter results. I am very pleased with our first quarter performance. Overall, comp store sales were up 3%, which was at the high end of our plan. Again, this quarter, the comp increase was entirely driven by customer transactions. We see this as an excellent indicator of the strength of our business. As to first quarter profitability, both pretax profit margin and earnings per share came in well above our plans, which was terrific to see. John will talk to the drivers of this profit outperformance in a moment. Our first quarter results are a testament to the sharp execution of our teams who focused on offering our shoppers excellent value on every item every day. Our results also highlight the benefits of our flexible business model. Throughout the quarter, we flexed our store assortments and leaned into categories that many consumers were looking for. Further, we remain disciplined in managing our buying, inventory and expenses and remain focused on driving profitability. Looking ahead, our value leadership in retail gives us great confidence in TJX. The second quarter is off to a good start, and we are excited about the opportunities we see for our business. We are very happy with our inventory levels and are in great position to capitalize on the outstanding buying opportunities that we see in the marketplace. We plan to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online, the spring and summer and throughout the year. Longer term, we remain convinced that we are well positioned to grow our global footprint, gain market share in our geographies around the world and increase the profitability of TJX. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our first quarter results in more detail.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Now I'll share some additional details on the first quarter versus last year. As Ernie mentioned, our consolidated comp was at the high end of our plan and entirely driven by customer transactions. Comps in both our apparel and home categories increased with home outperforming apparel. Pretax profit margin was 11.1%, was up 80 basis points. This was 50 basis points above our plan, primarily due to a larger-than-expected benefit from lower freight costs, a reserve release and higher net interest income. Gross margin was up 110 basis points. This was driven by a benefit from lower freight costs and favorable mark-on, partially offset by the timing of capitalized inventory cost and supply chain investments. SG&A increased 20 basis points due to incremental store wage and payroll costs, partially offset by the reserve release. Net interest income benefited pretax profit margin by 10 basis points. Lastly, we were very pleased that diluted earnings per share were up 22%. This was well above our plan due to our pretax profitability outperformance and a lower-than-expected tax rate that benefited first quarter diluted earnings per share by $0.03. Now to our first quarter divisional performance. Across all our divisions, our comp increases were entirely driven by customer transactions, which again is such a great indicator of the strength of our value proposition. At Marmaxx, comp store sales increased 2% and segment profit margin was 14.2%, up 20 basis points. Despite some periods of unfavorable weather, both Marmaxx's apparel and home categories saw positive comp store sales with home outperforming apparel. Further, we were very pleased to see comp sales increases at stores in demographic areas with average household incomes above and below $100,000. At our U.S. e-commerce sites and at Sierra, which we report as part of this division, we were happy with their strong sales performance. HomeGoods comp store sales increased 4% and segment profit margin grew significantly to 9.5%. This was a 220-basis point improvement versus last year. HomeGoods and HomeSense offer customers a differentiated shopping experience for home fashions. Our buyers source products from around the world to bring customers eclectic selections and affordable ways to upgrade their home decor. Moving to our international divisions. At TJX Canada, comp store sales were up 4% and segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 12.4%, up 110 basis points. At TJX International, comp store sales increased 2% and were up in both Europe and Australia. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis improved significantly to 3.9%, up 120 basis points. We believe we are performing better than most other major retailers in Canada and Europe. We are confident we will continue to be a leading shopping destination for value-seeking customers in Canada, Europe and Australia. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was down 3% versus the first quarter of last year. Inventory on a per-store basis was down 5% and driven by the lower inventory at our distribution centers. Importantly, in-store inventory was in line with last year's levels. We feel great about our inventory levels and are in a great position to take advantage of the outstanding availability we are seeing in the marketplace. As to our capital allocation, we were very pleased to start another year generating strong cash flow, reinvesting in the growth of our business and returning cash to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now I'll return it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. I'd like to highlight the reasons we have great confidence in the near- and long-term growth opportunities for TJX. We have a long track record of success through many kinds of retail and macro environments, and our value proposition has always served us well. Our off-price business model is extremely flexible and resilient and I believe we are set up for a long runway of exciting growth in our geographies around the world. First is our wide customer demographic reach. We want to sell everyone. With our flexibility and opportunistic buying, we offer expansive assortments of good, better and best merchandise for shoppers across a broad range of income and age groups. We continue to attract new Gen Z and millennial shoppers to our stores, which we believe bodes well for our future growth. It's really great when we see multiple generations shopping our stores together. Second, we are convinced that significant market share opportunities remain across the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia. Over the long term, we see potential to further expand our store footprint by at least another 1,300-plus stores with our current retail banners in our existing countries alone. Third, with our more than 1,300 global buyers sourcing from a universe of more than 21,000 vendors and from over 100 countries, we are confident that there will be plenty of quality branded merchandise available to us to support our growth plans. Throughout our history, availability of inventory has never been an issue. In fact, in recent years, we have seen availability become even better as vendors look for additional ways to grow their businesses. We've opened thousands of new vendors, which keeps our store assortment fresh and fuels the differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience for our customers. Our stores receive multiple deliveries each week of fresh branded merchandise to surprise and excite our customers. With our rapidly changing assortment, shoppers are inspired to visit us frequently to see what's new. Lastly and most importantly, are the talented associates who do an exceptional job executing on our initiatives. I truly believe the level of off-price knowledge and expertise within our organization is unmatched. We have a highly differentiated global business, and we have developed the specialized talent and teams to support it. We have many leaders across TJX with decades of off-price experience. Additionally, we focus on developing newer associates and the next generation of leaders within our organization. We take great pride in our TJX University and other training programs. Our very deep bench gives us the ability to rotate talent between divisions and geographies and to deploy teams where needed. All of this strengthens our company as we pursue our goals for growth and is a tremendous advantage for TJX. I am also very proud of our culture, which I believe is another key differentiator and a major component of our success. For our corporate responsibility update, I'll share more about our culture, which includes supporting our associates and making TJX a terrific place to work. Our associates bring our business to life and we strive to foster workplace where they feel welcome, valued and engaged. A key priority is helping our associates grow and develop at TJX, which we support both through formal and informal training. Our associate resource groups, or ARGs, and our inclusion and diversity committees have played an important role in creating an inclusive workplace. Within the last year, both the number of ARGs and the number of associates participating in them have continued to grow. As always, you can read more about our corporate responsibility work on tjx.com. Summing up, we are very pleased with the overall performance of TJX in the first quarter and that the second quarter is off to a good start. We feel great about our positioning in today's consumer environment and we'll continue to emphasize our value proposition to consumers through our marketing initiatives. Longer term, I am confident that the characteristics of our business set us up extremely well to capitalize on the market share opportunities that we see out there. Lastly, I want to reiterate that we will not be complacent and are committed to looking at ways to further increase the profitability of TJX over the long term. Now I'll turn the call back to John to cover our full year and second quarter guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. I'll start with our full year fiscal '25 guidance. We're now planning consolidated sales to be in the range of $55.5 billion to $55.9 billion. This is about $200 million lower than our previous guidance due to the impact of foreign exchange. We continue to expect overall comp store sales to increase 2% to 3%. We're increasing our pretax profit margin guidance to a range of 11% to 11.1%. This would be up 10 to 20 basis points versus last year's adjusted 10.9%. We continue to expect gross margin to be in the range of 30% to 30.1%, a 10 to 20 basis point increase versus last year's adjusted to 29.9%. We expect this increase to be driven by a higher merchandise margin, which includes a small benefit from freight, partially offset by our supply chain investments, we continue to plan shrink to be flat versus last year. We continue to expect SG&A to be approximately 19.3%, flat to last year's adjusted SG&A. We're planning incremental store wage and payroll costs to be offset by lower incentive compensation costs and a benefit from items that negatively impacted us last year. We're now assuming net interest income of about $156 million, which will have a neutral impact on our year-over-year pretax profit margin. Our full year guidance assumes a tax rate of 25.4% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. As a result of all these assumptions, we now expect full year diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.03 to $4.09. And we would represent -- this would represent an increase of 7% to 9% versus last year's adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.76. Moving to our second quarter guidance. We're expecting overall comp store sales to be up 2% to 3%, consolidated sales to be in the range of $13.2 billion to $13.3 billion pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.4% to 10.5%, flat to up 10 basis points versus last year. Gross margin to be approximately 29.8%. This would be a decrease of 40 basis points versus last year. This is primarily due to the lapping of a significant freight accrual benefit last year in supply chain investments, partially offset by an increase in merchandise margin. SG&A to be approximately 19.6%, a decrease of 50 basis points versus last year. This is primarily due to a benefit from lapping higher incentive accruals and a reserve related to the write-off of a German COVID program receivable last year. Partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs. Our second quarter guidance also assumes net interest income of about $42 million, a tax rate of 26.3% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. Based on these assumptions, we're expecting second quarter diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.88 to $0.90, up 4% to 6% versus last year's $0.85. Lastly, our implied guidance for the second half of the year assumes that overall comp store sales will be up 2% to 3%. Pretax profit margin will be in the range of 11.3% to 11.5% and earnings per share will be in the range of $2.22 to $2.26. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are in an excellent financial position to continue to invest in the growth of our company while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now we are happy to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit your questions to one per person so we can answer as many questions as we can. Thanks, and now we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another nice quarter. So, Ernie, could you elaborate on drivers of the market share gains across both apparel and home that you cited? And just your confidence in the multiyear runway for continued gains maybe near term, have you seen any change in business momentum here in May? And then, John, just speaking of runway, how best to think about merchandise margins multiyear, just given the structural changes on the buying front that you've discussed?
Ernie Herrman: So Matt, let me start. Well, obviously, we don't give category-specific information on which categories we're driving the comps. But one thing I can tell you was pretty balanced across the board. It wasn't one -- any one area that was driving our total any more than we planned on it. We did feel a little bit of a weather pattern hit that during the quarter, and it was kind of an on and off thing, which you probably read about and heard about from other retailers talking about it. So, in our case, those type of patterns can impact us in areas just like it does anyone else in terms of what traffic tends to impact or apparel layers, but our apparel ended up healthy for the quarter. So, whether it was home apparel, accessories, everything kind of was in line with the way we thought it would have been for the quarter. The confidence in the -- I think your second part of the question was about -- and again, I can't give you specifics on the categories. The second part of the question, I guess, is about what gives us confidence in the future, right, on how we're going to continue to drive this. And am I getting that right, Matt on the second?
Matthew Boss: Yes. Continued drivers of market share gains and just business momentum. Have you seen any change?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No, the momentum is really consistent with where it's been the last few months. And the -- I think what gives us a lot of confidence is we are the only retailer right now that I see that is able to take brands and fashion and quality and put all of that together in this treasure hunt format, remember, I'm talking about having good, better, best good, better, best, our range of all income and age groups, whereas all the other retailers, and I know, Matt, we've talked about this before, I really don't know of any other retailer brick-and-mortar oriented that is creating a treasure hunt of this excitement level and entertainment level because they're trading so broadly as we are. And so that is extremely differentiated in this environment. Fortunately for us, we're able to take advantage of the excess inventories across the e-com business as those flex and some of those, as you know, some of the vertical players as well as the full-line players. They've had spill off of goods. That has been a supplier of extra inventory for us. As always, we see availability to continue to propel us because we are now becoming more and more important to our vendors which has -- we were important in the middle of COVID, pre-COVID. Now we're at a different level, I believe, of importance to our vendors. And the neat thing with that is the vendors have figured out ways to work with us even more consistently than in the past. So, your question, by the way, as you can imagine, as I'm going on here, it's just -- it really encompasses all the reasons why we're so bullish. I mean we have the value leadership positioning right now. And another thing that's happened as we become a cooler place to shop. So, the other thing giving us confidence is we are now more gift-giving-oriented all year long. So now we're starting to get a greater consumer traffic for coming to us for a gift giving, whether it's at holiday, and we've delivered strong fourth quarters. But even in the other time periods, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Valentine's Day, whereas a handful -- I don't know, 10 years ago, maybe we weren't the place on X percent of gifts that people were comfortable with giving. So sorry for the long-winded answer. I could keep going, but I think that's enough to give you the confidence of why I think we're going to continue on a healthy trajectory here.
Matthew Boss: Yes.
Ernie Herrman: John, did I leave anything for you?
John Klinger: No. I think right now.
Ernie Herrman: No, but I think you had.
John Klinger: What was the question for me, Matt? I think Ernie might have answered it.
Matthew Boss: Runway multiyear with merchandise margins, just given the structural changes that you made on the buying front.
John Klinger: That's back to me probably.
Ernie Herrman: I just wanted you to know, Matt, John is looking back at me. So, the -- Wow, I say we just started to touch on that. So, as you can see from the healthy merchandise margin, we just delivered, and we believe there's still an opportunity in our pricing as we go forward to continue to selectively raise our prices as well as what's happened is buy better. It's kind of a 50-50 right now. We're winning on both fronts in terms of buying better in retailing goods and I have to tell you, one team, our marketing teams measure our perception of value with the consumers regularly and what they would tell you is that our surveys tell us our customer perception on our values that we offer continues to show us as being stronger than the competition really overall through the business. So, we're always monitoring that in addition to looking at the true numbers, but our customers perceive our values as extremely strong relative to competition, which I believe gives us a merchandise margin to your question, the ability to continue to leverage our pricing and our buying power. I always keeping a pulse on that, which our buyers are excellent at monitoring where our retails are versus the competition. Hopefully, that answers that.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: My question is around new customer acquisition. Are you still attracting a younger customer to all of the banners? And are you seeing any increased signs of trade down from a higher income demographic?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Lorraine, so we do continue to attract more new customers that are skewing to a younger age as well as we've seen for the last number of quarters. And what was -- I'm sorry, what was the second part of your question?
Lorraine Hutchinson: Signs of trade down.
John Klinger: Oh, the trade down, no. So again, it's hard for us to see specific customer data because we don't -- our credit card isn't as penetrated as other retailers. But what we are seeing, when we look at our sales by stores that are in different demographics. Like we said in the call, we're seeing above and below $100,000. They were both positive -- now this quarter, it skewed a little bit more towards the lower income customer. But again, it was strong on both sides of that point, that $100,000.
Ernie Herrman: Lorraine, I would just also jump in on one of the things that we believe is healthy for us, again, as we talked about in the beginning of the way we trade to good, better, best on the age demos, where we have been appealing to more younger customers, it -- what's been great is we also track the age group and the income groups like John is saying, and we are pretty balanced. So also, we have desired to not as much as appeal to younger customers -- we don't want to swing a pendulum on any age group because we want the customer to vote, and we try to drive across as many income and age demographics. At the same time, planting the seeds, as you know, our emphasis has been younger customers. So, once you know that we're always keeping a pulse though on as best we can on measuring -- having a balance, I guess, you would call it, across age and income.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooke Roach from Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Can you speak to your outlook for further market share capture and momentum in the HomeGoods segment and the home segment in aggregate? As you begin to cycle the step-up in sales and profit trends from last year, do you think that you can continue the momentum? And where do you see the biggest opportunity for further gains in comp and margin improvement?
John Klinger: Yes. I'll start with this question, Brooke. Yes. So, when you look at our comps going forward, let's say, on a two-year stack basis, we do have a large fourth quarter. But the one thing to note is that when we came out of COVID, first of all, if you look at the history, it's been somewhat choppy as we've guided towards more of a normalization. But when you look at our comps on a stack versus our last base year, which is FY'20 pre COVID, you'll see that they are very consistent quarter-to-quarter. The other thing is we're seeing our sales growth through transaction growth, which is very healthy. It's a healthy way to grow your top line. So that, again, gives us confidence that we're still appealing to a lot of customers still picking up a lot of customers that are new to us. So that gives us the confidence to, again, be confident about the 2% to 3% comp we have going forward for the remainder of the year.
Ernie Herrman: I think, Brooke, the industry, as you know, has had a lot of upheaval and inconsistent results and whether interest rates and big picture with housing slowdown, et cetera, reiterating what John said, I think there's this continued market share opportunity though. And when you look at the -- we look at where our volume was pre-COVID to now, that way you get rid of all the ups and downs and all the noise that happened in that time period. And we have averaged very healthy comps, which I think bodes well for the future. Obviously, the industry -- you can see it out there. The furniture business in the industry, that has been rather soft across the board everywhere. But what we're happy, the reason we don't take a hit as hard as others as we're able to flex this is our flexible business model comes into place. And whether it's in HomeGoods or in HomeSense, we're able to flex the categories to where the action is more and the demand is more happening. As well as the other thing we've been doing there is going after consumables, things where they are driving repeat traffic in the HomeGoods. So that's another place we think we'll continue and I won't get into those specific categories. But it's in the place, I think we're going to continue to gain market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: I guess I wanted to talk about the HomeGoods business. I assume you're not going to give us specifics on the outlook on either comp or margin. But I guess if I'll kind of frame it as a high-level question, how are you thinking about the business as you balance the solid recovery in margin against what seems like it's becoming a little bit more competitive or tougher in the furnishings and furniture space, just as you kind of like look out to the rest of the year. If you want to give specifics on guidance, that's also okay.
Ernie Herrman: It's very nice of you.
John Klinger: Look, I think we're confident in HomeGoods as we are in our other divisions. Ernie talked about the replenishment business that we've increased in our home, both in home and Marmaxx and Home & HomeGoods. That gives the customer a reason to come to HomeGoods that's outside of maybe decor and big-ticket items. And when they're in the store, a lot of times, they will find things else things other that they can put in their cart. So, giving the customers more reasons to shop all of our stores is a key to us driving that top line.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And I think even given what's going on in the environment, you can see these ups and downs where they don't go picture perfect. But you remember, not long ago, I think it was three quarters ago, we were talking about making incremental improvement and we've exceeded it at times and then we come in now a little bit more kind of in line with where we might have thought we've been and we're not exceeding at the moment. But we always have faith that the model is so different than everybody else and where fashion and utilitarian driven and the impulse nature of HomeGoods, I'm just not concerned about where we're going to be as we move forward over the next nine months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup.
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about the competition for deals and whether you've seen any changes within the good, better and best opportunities and maybe where you're seeing better deals in IMUs within that good, better, best? And then second, just curious how you characterize the promotional landscape that you're playing in now.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Paul. So on the competition for deals, you're talking about kind of at the market vendor level could be other retailers competing with us. Is that?
Paul Lejuez: Correct. Yes. Overall. Look at the deals.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, yes, ironically, of course, there's competition. The only thing that's happened is first of all, our buyers that are extremely well trained. And I don't know if I say this enough. Our part of their training is to be easy to deal with and be courteous and respectful you have to be demanding on price to get to the right value, which is what they do. Now you take that training and where they are with the fact that the market has, as you know, has consolidated a bit in terms of all the amount of brick-and-mortar stores. And we have continued to grow our brick-and-mortar stores so more and more vendors, they have even more reasons to want to sell us versus others because their goods in our store now hang with the best. They hang even more assorted than ever before. They're part of a very eclectic mix even more so than ever before. They're dealing with a buying team that's very straightforward and a company that has cash and we'll be paying. So, the competition is there, like competition has always been there. But I would say, like I said earlier on the call, we're more important today to the vendors. And probably the vendor relationships are even better than they've ever been due to that. I'm sure you can always find an exception here or there because we sell thousands -- we deal with thousands of vendors. But overall, the relationships are just fantastic. And so, our competition, some vendors want to split up goods. And no matter who they are, they're going to allocate goods to certain retailers. Most, I would say, want to deal with us because they -- it's the best thing for them to know where the goods are going and they're getting spread out dramatically. The promotional environment that you're asking about I would say is, to me, very similar to what -- I don't see any noticeable difference. The only thing as you probably read -- there's more word in the media more describing of pricing being adjusted more than necessarily promotions and we've taken a look at that in most of those situations and the retailers talking about it tends to not be in the categories that we're dealing with where our emphasis is in. So, I think that's a form of if and many retailers have been soft on traffic and transactions. I think we're going to see more -- my prediction would be we're going to see more of that talk about lowering prices on certain commodity items for them to try to get customers back. Fortunately, for us, it tends to not be in the -- with the vendors or the categories that we actually do business in.
John Klinger: And just to add on to what Ernie was saying, in promotional environment, the fact that we buy so close to need, our buyers oftentimes are able to react to those promotional times in price to goods competitively you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti from Evercore.
Michael Binetti: Congrats on the quarter. I have a few I guess, John, I know you guided on pretax margin, but the implied EBIT margin you expect for the year is up about 10 to 20 basis points. It's a little better than it was 90 days ago, that's 10. So, it's moving up, but you said a few times you need 4% comp to lever the business. You've held the 2% to 3% here, but the margins keep getting better. Any reason to think you're having some successes in moving the leverage point down into this comp range, if this is the new normal for a while. And then I'm curious, California has had some very good changes fairly recently in the hourly wages over on the restaurant side. I mean I assume your teams there are thinking about that and how we will radiate out to your hiring and retention and hopefully, comps. Any thoughts you have early days on the changes in California?
John Klinger: Yes. So, I'll start with the two to three, the fact that we're levering on a two to three. So, our leverage point continues to be flat to up 10 basis points on a three to four comp with no outsized expenses. What you're seeing in our guidance is that we had a number of onetime items last year that are benefiting us. So, we had incentive accruals German reserve accrual that we wrote off. And on a full year basis, there's homegoods.com that we shut last year. So, when you look at that, that gives us the ability to leverage the business. Now one of the other things, if you look at our, let's say, our Q1 versus our guidance that we had. One of the areas that we did outperform was in freight. So, our freight was -- we were more efficient on how we were moving our goods in the first quarter. So, we benefited there. And then, of course, the mark-on was also favorable in the first quarter. So, both of those things also support our ability to leverage on a comp that's lower than that three to four. And then wage, sorry, wage in California, we see wages going up in different geographies. And one of the things that we've talked about is that, we're not looking to do across-the-board wage increase, rather, in our plans, we have funds available to be able to adjust on a market-by-market basis where we need to. So, we track very closely our attrition rates, our ability to hire and where we see the need, we have the ability to increase wages pointedly, which we have in -- as part of our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Ernie, this is a follow-on something you said earlier. So last year, you had some strategic pricing very specific to particular categories you were looking at. It sounds like the environment is maybe not meaningfully more promotional, but we've seen a definite uptick in April and May and then the target announcement yesterday about sharpening those price points. So, I guess my question is, do you think about taking -- how do you think about your pricing strategy in light of kind of new information and sort of the dynamic environment and then for John, my question for you is, can you continue to run sort of negative low to mid-single-digit per store inventory and drive a positive comp?
Ernie Herrman: All right, Adrienne. So yes, on the first one, shares the crux of the most important thing to always remember is, and you mentioned the right word, which is a dynamic environment in terms of the pricing, which is I think how you said it, which is spot on to what can happen here. And our buyers comp shop weekly of what the out-the-door retail is on the exact SKUs or the like SKUs that we carry to ensure that we always maintain a gap between our out-the-door retail and any retailers retail. In fact, I think we've talked about this before, we will not be undersold. So that's the first thing to always know is that is a foundational key point that all our merchants live off. We will not be undersold by any retailer. Sometimes we could be at the same price if it's another off-price retailer or another format, nobody is ever below us knowingly and then we adjust if that was the case. Then we always look at our gap between the out-the-door what we're selling for. And this is embedded in the way our merchants are trained and the way they operate all the time. So, we would react if there were categories that, that started to happen, and we would react quickly to those. I still believe from what the categories I know that the retailers are talking about adjusting, it would not be in the categories for the most part that we're in. So, I believe we're going to be fine in terms of overall, I would say, in all of our families of business. However, if we run into items or specific SKUs, we will adjust I don't see. Which is different than when we talk promotion, sometimes that sale promotions at department stores are percentage off on a website, an e-com player, those are really never concerned because we're always below those out-the-door promotional prices. So even though there might be more of that activity, it doesn't take away from our value difference. And at the same time, we measure -- just so you know, we measure statistically our turns by area to make sure we are spinning in the stores appropriately, which would be a sign of if we weren't the value equation as well as the survey, which I talked about in the beginning. So again, we take this all extremely seriously. But right now, no signs of impact, but we'll adjust if there ever were.
Adrienne Yih: That's very helpful.
John Klinger: So, the inventory, so as we said in our release, on an average per-store basis, inventories are down 5%. However, store inventories are in line with last year. And that's the important point to note. When you look at our inventory as far as our distribution center inventory, in FY '22, excuse me, FY '23, our inventory levels were higher than what we wanted as the logistics networks sped up and the outsized comps from FY -- we were coming down from the outsized comps in FY '22. So, in FY '24, we packed away or FY '23, we packed away a lot of inventory that we start. That we bled through in FY '24. So, in the first quarter, you have that pack away inventory that was much higher than we would normally want to carry and pack away in the first quarter. So, when you back out that pack away difference our inventories are in line in total on an average per store basis with last year. So, it's just really the timing of the pack away from the previous year.
Adrienne Yih: Excellent. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Ernie, I heard you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you see a lot of store growth potential just in your existing banners in existing countries. I was just wondering if that was sort of a that maybe there's even potential to grow outside of your existing countries. I'm just wondering if there's anything any new developments over the last 90 days that you see in terms of TJX's potential to grow beyond maybe where you are today?
Ernie Herrman: So, Jay, first of all, great question. Unfortunately, this is one of those things we just -- we don't talk externally about it until we're at a point where we think we could announce. We're always looking, by the way. And I think what you're getting at is other markets, correct? Potentially? Yes. And we're always looking -- but at this point, we can't really say which has typically been our posture when and where as this.
John Klinger: And we're confident in our store plans -- or store growth plans that we have in our existing markets. We still see ability to grow our store base in the U.S. and Canada. And in Europe, also in -- particularly on the continent, particularly in Germany, we still see opportunity to grow our store base.
Jay Sole: Got it. And maybe can you give us an update then on HomeSense and Sierra how those performed in the quarter?
John Klinger: We're pleased with how -- we don't break them out, but we're pleased with how they performed.
Operator: We have one more question. Our next question comes from Aneesha Sherman from Bernstein.
Aneesha Sherman: My question is a follow-up on the comments on international. International has been growing slightly in the mix the last two years, but the margins remain pretty low. It was 4% this quarter. I know a couple of years ago, you talked about high single digits as being the kind of long-term target for margins. Is that still the case? Or has that view evolved? And then a quick follow-up, John, on the gross margin comments you made earlier. You talked about freight becoming more efficient, which sounds different from kind of recapturing the headwinds that you've had the last two years, and you also talked about mark-on. Would you say it's fair that you think there's going to be a structural improvement in gross margins beyond the kind of recapture of headwinds for the last two years? Is the business actually becoming more efficient?
John Klinger: Well, I'll start with that question there. Yes, the freight itself. So, we -- when the freight rate was going against us, we dropped 300 basis points, and we -- last year, we clawed back $200 million in my comments, then we said that going forward, it's about -- so we don't see -- we see a stickiness in the freight where driver salaries, there was a trained strike that caused higher wages, higher benefits. So those kind of increases to the cost structure of freight are sticky. And we don't see that those are necessarily going to go away. For the first quarter, we were able to shift some of our inbound product a little bit more towards the intermodal versus truck, which is more cost effective. That's kind of what we're looking to do going forward, which is try to be as efficient as possible as both inbound and outbound of how we move the goods. And as far as the international segment, yes, we are still very confident in our ability to approach the 8% that we've said. And we are -- that division is working very hard on that as well.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Aneesha, I think you had pointed out that the first quarter was a four.
John Klinger: Yes, but that was up from last year. So, we continue to
Ernie Herrman: I just saw your -- right. Traditionally, that first quarter internationally is always a low quarter. This first half is low -- and then -- so -- but you could see it's incrementally up from a year ago. So directionally, we're heading in the right place as we look out for the back half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital.
Laura Champine: We thought the execution was so strong that you might comp up better than 2% in Marmaxx in this quarter. So, I'm wondering, if you could comment on what you think the macro backdrop is that you face now? And whether or not you actually do see any pressure on market share from the Chinese discounters like Temu and Shein?
John Klinger: Yes, I'll start with this one. So, in Marmaxx, we did round down to a 2% comp. But when we look at the business itself, the departments that aren't weather dependent performed much better. And the regions that didn't experience as much unfavorable weather also performed better. So that tells us that where we saw the regions in the departments that were strong, that tells us that, okay, that's leaning more towards weather. And I'm very confident on our comps from Marmaxx going forward.
Ernie Herrman: And the teams there, we do -- John's team does a bit of analysis to kind of right to look at control groups as such to figure that out. So yes, it feels like weather did hit us and resulted in us rounding down to two, right? Laura, on the question about some of those online players you were talking about, we feel just as similar -- they're so commodity-driven and so not the brands that we would carry very much not the good, better, best type of branded mix that we would go after. We see very little issue with them taking market share from us. I could see that their business model could overlap with some other brick-and-mortar guys or some other online guys for sure. But we just don't see that as bumping up with our customer base or end use.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Group.
Dana Telsey: As you think about the pace of remodels, I think you mentioned 450 remodels this year on the last call. How are they going? What are you seeing? And any details on any of the banners and how the performance is different. And then also on shrink, are you still looking at shrink being flat this year? Or any changes to what you're seeing in shrink?
John Klinger: Yes. On the remodels, again, remodels are more about making sure that our stores maintain an excellent fit and finish and so when we do the remodels, what we see is that stores that are much older are able to compete or I should say, comp as good as, let's say, a store that's 10 years old. And so, it's about maintaining the base and making sure that you don't get into a situation where now your sales start to falter and you have to start to really invest in them and catch up. So, for us, it's about maintaining and making sure that when the customer comes in, that it's a pleasant shopping experience no matter what store they come into. Now on the remodels, we always try to make sure that we're putting fixtures in that make it easier for the customers to shop. When you look at our remodels, as far as the beauty department, it's better lighting, it's a cleaner look. And all those things, we think, do add to the top line. As far as shrink goes, we're still highly focused on shrink. As I said in my comments, we're planning shrink to be flat year-over-year. But we still have a high focus on making sure that we balance protecting the goods with making sure that the customers can shop easily and get -- and be able to buy the goods while also maintaining safety in our stores. So, one of the things that we've added, we started to do last year, late towards the year, we're body cameras on our LP associates. And when somebody comes in, it's sort of -- it's almost like a de-escalation where people are less likely to do something when they're being videotaped. So, we definitely feel that that's playing a role. Also, during the end of the year, when we look at our shrink results, we're able to then set our plans for the following year and seeing what worked, what didn't and so it's about continuing to lean into the strategies that worked last year. But again, a position to give guidance.
Operator: Our final question of the day comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro: Above closing out the call. Congratulations on the nice quarter. The stores look great. Can we talk about your shopper just a little bit? It's been a couple of years now. You've been talking about getting the younger shopper in, they've been coming in. Traffic has been up. I guess a couple of things. Does this younger shopper open credit cards? Is it something that is -- that you guys are pushing them to do? And are you finding that they shop across the different brands? And are you marketing to them to shop across the different brands? Because arguably a shopper that shops both TJX or T.J. Maxx and HomeGoods is going to be a more loyal shopper to the Company in total. Can you just talk a little bit about what that younger shopper looks like internally for you guys?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So, Marni, let me start and John will jump in as well. He's very -- also we're both kind of involved in all of the opening credit cards and loyalty, you're touching on a whole loyalty cross shopping. And by the way, you're spot on when you do get the customer that you build loyalty, if they open at TJX rewards even a younger customer. Ideally, we'd like them to open the credit card, and then they cross-shop more, John, right?
John Klinger: Yes. But again, the credit card is not as penetrated as it is with a lot of our competitors. So, a lot of our read that we get on the customers comes from customer surveys, and we do get credit card information that is available to us that we partner with organizations that pull that information together. And that's where we're getting the large majority of the comments that we make as far as being able to -- that we're attracting these younger shoppers.
Ernie Herrman: So that has been a pretty much a steady increase over the last handful of years, attracting a larger percent of our new customers in the lower age in the younger age demographic.
John Klinger: So, we are looking at a large data pool when we're making those comments. That's beyond just our credit card.
Marni Shapiro: And are they -- do you see the data that they are already cross-shopping the departments? And I guess, what are you guys doing on the marketing side to really push that? Because it feels like a real opportunity as these people come into your brand. It's different for somebody like me who is old and has been shopping there forever versus somebody who's new, who came in with mom and maybe is now buying their first house or by their new apartment.
Ernie Herrman: So, we tried to use our digital marketing is really aimed at trying to go out -- when we get e-mails, okay, we are able to drive the other brands with the customer. We have also done things in store as well. I think the measuring of it is where, I think, John and I would say it's -- we can't measure a lot of this as well as we would like.
Marni Shapiro: Understood. Well, best of luck for the next quarter.
Ernie Herrman: All right. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are really in an excellent financial position to continue to invest in the growth of our company. while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we will thank you for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded as of today, February 28, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Ivy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. Today's call is being recorded and includes forward-looking statements about our results and plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to vary materially from these statements including, among others, the factors identified in our filings with the SEC. Please review our press release for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as the full safe harbor statements included in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. We have also detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investors section of tjx.com, along with reconciliations to non-GAAP measures we discuss. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to start today by recognizing all of our global associates for their excellent work in 2023. I truly appreciate their continued commitment to TJX and their focus on our customers. I especially want to thank our store, distribution and fulfillment center associates for their hard work and dedication to our company every day. Now to an overview of our results beginning with the fourth quarter. I am extremely pleased with our very strong finish to 2023. Our fourth quarter sales profitability and earnings per share all exceeded our expectations. Overall comp sales were up a strong 5% and were entirely driven by growth in customer transactions. This is great to see as it underscores our ability to continue gaining market share in all of our geographies. I am particularly pleased that our U.S. businesses, Marmaxx and HomeGoods, continued their very strong sales momentum. Also, it was great to see comp sales growth accelerate versus the third quarter at our Canadian and international divisions. We are confident that our exciting assortments and excellent values resonated with shoppers across all of our retail banners this holiday season. We believe our gift-giving selections offer customers something for everyone on their list, and we see being a gift-giving destination as a year-round opportunity for our business. For the full year, overall sales surpassed $50 billion, marking a milestone for our company. Even more exciting, we still see plenty of opportunities to continue our growth in our markets around the world. For the full year, consolidated comp sales increased 5%. Profitability increased significantly and earnings per share grew double digits, all well above our initial guidance for the year. Importantly, we saw comp sales growth across each of our divisions, again, all driven by increases in customer transactions. We are confident that we gain market share in every geography that we operate in. Our outstanding performance in 2023 is a testament to the sharp execution of our talented associates around the world and their relentless focus on delivering excellent value to our customers every day. Looking ahead, the first quarter is off to a good start. In 2024, we have many initiatives planned that we believe will keep driving sales and to attract more shoppers to our stores. Availability of quality branded merchandise in the marketplace continues to be outstanding. We are in a terrific position to continue flowing a fresh assortment of goods to our stores and online this spring and throughout the year. Longer term, we see many opportunities to capture additional market share across our geographies, and we are laser focused on increasing the profitability of TJX. We are convinced that our flexibility and commitment to value will continue to be a winning retail formula for many years to come. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our fourth quarter and full year financial results in more detail.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Now I'll share some additional details on the fourth quarter. As I recap the fourth quarter results, I'm going to speak to everything on a 13-week basis, which excludes the extra week in the quarter. Reconciliations detailing the impact of the extra week on our results and other adjustments can be found in today's press release and on the Investors section of our website. Adjusted net sales grew to $15.5 billion, a 7% increase versus last year. As Ernie mentioned, consolidated comp store sales increased 5%, above the high end of our plan and were entirely driven by an increase in customer transactions. A quick note that on prior calls, we have referred to customer transactions as customer traffic. But for the sake of clarity, we'll use the term customer transactions going forward. Back to the results. In the fourth quarter, our consolidated comp sales increased in both our apparel and home businesses. In terms of divisional sales performance for the fourth quarter, we were pleased to see strong comp sales increases at every division, all driven entirely by customer transactions. At Marmaxx, I also note that we saw comp increases in both our apparel and home categories. Fourth quarter adjusted pretax profit margin of 10.9% was up 170 basis points versus last year. Our adjusted pretax profit margin came in well above our plan primarily due to a higher merchandise margin. This includes a larger-than-expected benefit from shrink and freight, lower markdowns and better mark on. We also saw some expense leverage on our above-plan sales. Adjusted gross margin for the fourth quarter was up 340 basis points versus last year. This was driven by a higher merchandise margin, including a significant benefit from lower freight costs and shrink strong mark-on and lower markdowns. Fourth quarter adjusted SG&A increased 190 basis points versus last year, primarily due to higher incentive accruals and incremental store wage and payroll costs. Adjusted net interest income benefited fourth quarter adjusted pretax profit margin by 10 basis points versus last year. Lastly, we were very pleased that adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.12 were well above our expectations and up 26% versus last year. Now to our fiscal '24 results. Once again, for the full -- for our full year financial results, I'm going to speak to everything on a 52-week basis, which excludes the extra week in the fiscal year. Adjusted net sales grew to $53.3 billion, a 7% increase versus last year. Full year consolidated comp store sales were up 5%, entirely driven by customer transactions. We were very pleased to see mid-single-digit comp sales increases in both our apparel and home businesses. Adjusted pretax profit margin of 10.9% was up 120 basis points versus last year's adjusted 9.7%. Adjusted gross margin for the full year was 29.9%, up 230 basis points versus last year's 27.6%, primarily driven by a significant benefit from lower freight costs as well as strong mark-on and 10 basis points of shrink favorability. Shrink was an area that we were laser focused on as an organization all year long. I want to recognize and thank all the associates who worked extremely hard on our initiatives throughout the year. Importantly, we managed our in-store initiatives while delivering a very strong top line and providing a pleasant shopping experience for our customers. We remain focused on shrink and continue to look for ways to improve this area going forward. Full year adjusted SG&A was 19.3%, up 140 basis points versus last year's 17.9%. This was primarily due to incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. Adjusted net interest income benefited full year adjusted pretax profit margin by 30 basis points versus last year. Lastly, full year adjusted earnings per share were $3.76, up 21% versus last year's adjusted $3.11. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was up 3% versus fiscal '23. We are happy with our inventory levels and the plentiful availability we see in the marketplace. We are well positioned to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this spring. I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the full 53-week year, we generated $6.1 billion in operating cash flow and ended the year with $5.6 billion in cash. In fiscal '24, we returned $4 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now, I'll turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. I'll pick it up with some full year divisional highlights. As we saw with our strong fourth quarter sales, every division delivered comp increases for the full year, with customer transactions driving the increases across the businesses. Again, we believe this is a strong indicator of our ability to continue gaining market share and it underscores our wide customer demographic. Beginning with Marmaxx. Overall sales well exceeded $30 billion. Comp store sales increased a very strong 6%. We also surpassed 2,500 total T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores. Marmaxx's apparel and home categories, both comp up for the year. Further, we saw consistently strong comp sales increases across regions and income demographics. As to Marmaxx's profitability, we were extremely pleased to see full year adjusted segment profit margin improved significantly to 13.7%. As we look ahead, we are very excited about the opportunities to see -- that we see to grow our customer base, drive sales, open new stores and increase the profitability of our largest division. At Sierra, which is reported with Marmaxx, we were pleased with the continued sales growth. At our online businesses, we added new categories and brands throughout the year to deliver the same freshness and excitement online as we do in our stores. At HomeGoods, annual sales grew to nearly $9 billion and comps grew 3%. It was great to see the home business return to positive comp sales trends. We are particularly pleased with the acceleration we saw in the second half of the year, with comp sales increasing high single digits. Similar to Marmaxx, we saw consistent performance across regions and income demographics. HomeGoods adjusted profitability also improved significantly to 9.4% and getting closer to our goal of returning this division to a double-digit profit margin. During the year, we opened a combined 34 HomeGoods and HomeSense stores. Long term, we see exciting potential to bring our eclectic mix of home fashions to even more consumers across the United States. Moving to TJX Canada. Full year sales were $5 billion and comp store sales increased 3%. Adjusted segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 14%. With more than 550 stores across Canada, we are one of the largest apparel and home retailers in the country. We are a top destination for consumers seeking branded merchandise at amazing value. We continue to see opportunities to expand our footprint across Canada and attract new shoppers to all 3 of our banners. At TJX International. Full year sales approached $7 billion and comp store sales were up 3%. Adjusted segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 4.6%. As a reminder, in the second quarter, this division's profitability was significantly impacted by a reserve related to a German government COVID receivable. In Europe, we believe our sales growth outperformed many other major brick-and-mortar apparel retailers in a difficult economy. Australia delivered very strong sales growth, and we continue to open stores in new markets. Going forward, we are confident that we can grow our retail banners in each country that we operate in and are highly focused on improving this division's profitability. Going forward, I am confident that we are well positioned to continue our growth around the world and in many kinds of economic and retail environments. Let me briefly remind you of the key characteristics of our business that we believe are tremendous advantage. First is our relentless focus on offering our shoppers great value on every item every day. For us, value means delivering consumers the right combination of brand, fashion, price and quality as always. Second is the flexibility of our business model that allows us to shift our buying, distribution and store mix to quickly react to the hottest trends in the marketplace and changing consumer preferences. Further, the globalness of our business allows us to create a differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience in every country that we operate in. Third, we successfully operate stores across a wide customer demographic. Our ability to offer a differentiated mix of good, better and best merchandise at each of our stores allows us to appeal to value-conscious shoppers across a broad range of income demographics. Further, each of our divisions continue to affect an outsized number of younger customers to its stores, attract an outsized number of younger customers to our stores, which we believe bodes well for the future. Next, we are extremely confident that there is more than enough inventory available in the marketplace to support our growth plans. In 2023, our more than 1,300 buyers source goods from a universe of more than 21,000 vendors, including thousands of new ones. As we continue to grow our top line, we believe we become even more appealing to vendors as we offer them an attractive way to grow their business. Fifth, we continue to see opportunities for store growth around the world. We believe we can grow our global store base by at least another 1,300-plus stores over the long term with just our existing banners in our current countries. Last, but certainly not least, is our exceptional talent and strong culture. I truly believe the depth of off-price knowledge and expertise and the longevity of our talent within TJX is unmatched. We continue to invest in teaching and training our associates to develop the next generation of leaders within our company. Finally, I am so proud of our culture, which I believe is a major differentiator and another key component of our success. Turning to corporate responsibility. Our teams across the company did great work on our initiatives in each of our 4 pillars: workplace, communities, environment and responsible business. Our 2023 global corporate responsibility report summarizes our efforts and progress within this work, as I shared last quarter. Our value mission extends to our corporate responsibility efforts, including supporting our associates, giving back in our communities, helping mitigate our impact on the environment and operating our business ethically. I'm pleased to share that in fiscal 2024, we supported more than 2,000 nonprofit organizations globally through our TJX foundations including nonprofit partners in all 50 states within the United States. Through our grant funding and in partnership with our generous customers, we provided more than 30 million meals through our nonprofit partners that people experiencing food and security. And our associates across the globe continue to be engaged in this work, running give a dollar campaigns in our stores, participating in our associate nominated grants program, helping to build homes for those in need, serving his career coaches for students and more. These are just some examples of work our teams are doing in our communities, and we invite you to visit tjx.com to learn more. Summing up, we are very proud of our team's performance in 2023 and are in a great position as we enter 2024. We are confident in our plans this year, and as always, we'll strive to beat them. We remain committed to investing in our business to support our future growth. Longer term, we believe that the combination of our key strengths and history of strong execution sets us up extremely well to continue our successful growth around the world. I am convinced that plenty of opportunities remain to drive sales increased profitability and capture additional market share going forward. Now, I'll turn the call back to John to cover our full year and first quarter guidance. And then we'll open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. Now to our fiscal '25 guidance beginning with the full year. We are planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3% in fiscal '25 over a 5% comp increase in fiscal '24. For the full year, we expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $55.6 million to $56.1 billion. We're planning full year pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.9% to 11%. This would be flat to up 10 basis points versus fiscal '24 adjusted pretax profit margin of 10.9%. Moving to full year gross margin. We expect it to be in the range of 30% to 30.1%, a 10 to 20 basis point increase versus fiscal '24 as adjusted gross margin of 29.9%. We expect this increase to be driven by a higher merchandise margin partially offset by our supply chain investments. We're planning for both freight and shrink to be flat versus fiscal '24. For full year SG&A, we're expecting it to be approximately 19.3% and flat to last year's adjusted SG&A. We're planning incremental store wage and payroll costs to be offset by lower incentive compensation costs and a benefit from items that negatively impacted us last year. We're planning full year net interest income of about $118 million, which would delever fiscal '25 pretax profit by about 10 basis points. For modeling purposes, we're currently assuming a full year tax rate of 26.0% and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we're -- we expect full year earnings per share to be in the range of $3.94 to $4.02. This would represent an increase of 5% to 7% versus last year's adjusted earnings per share of $3.76. Moving to our first quarter guidance. We are planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%. We expect first quarter consolidated sales to be in the range of $12.4 billion to $12.5 billion. We're planning first quarter pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.5% to 10.6%, an increase of 20 to 30 basis points versus last year. Next, we expect first quarter gross margin to be approximately 29.8%. This would be an increase of 90 basis points versus last year's -- last year primarily due to a higher merchandise margin which includes the annualization of lower freight costs from last year and favorable mark-on, partially offset by supply chain investments. We're expecting first quarter SG&A to be approximately 19.5%, up 50 basis points versus last year. We expect this increase to be primarily driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs. For modeling purposes, we're currently assuming a first quarter tax rate of 25.8%, net interest income of about $37 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.14 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we expect for our first quarter earnings to be -- earnings per share to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.86, up 11% to 13% versus last year's $0.76. Moving on to our fiscal '25 capital plans. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion. This includes opening new stores, remodels and relocations as well as investments in our distribution network and infrastructure to support our growth. For new stores, we plan to add about 141 net new stores, which would bring our year-end total to almost 5,100 stores. This would represent a store growth of about 3%. In the U.S., our plans call for us to add about 45 net new stores in Marmaxx and 40 stores at HomeGoods, including 17 HomeSense stores. At Sierra, we plan to add 26 stores. In Canada, we plan to add 10 stores. And at TJX International, we plan to add 15 net stores, in Europe and 5 net stores in Australia. Lastly, we also plan to remodel about 480 stores and relocate approximately 40 stores in fiscal '25. As to our fiscal '25 cash distribution plans, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.375 per share. Additionally, in fiscal '25, we currently expect to buy back $2 billion to $2.5 billion of TJX stock. Looking beyond FY '25, we continue to believe that on a 3 to 4 comp increase, our pretax profit margin can be flat to up 10 basis points. As I've said before, this assumes no outsized expense headwinds. Also, our plans do not contemplate assumptions for macro factors such as geopolitical events, foreign exchange volatility or consumer behavior. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are laser-focused on growing our top line, increasing profitability and will strive to exceed our plans. We are in an excellent position, both operationally and financially to take advantage of the opportunities we see to further grow our business while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to 1 per person so we can keep the call on schedule and answer as many questions as we can. Thanks, and now we'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citigroup.
Paul Lejuez: You've got your margin guidance overall for the year, but I'm curious how you're thinking about profit margins at each of the segments this year? Where do you have the most opportunity? And what is assumed in your guidance, which segments are up, which are down? And then, Ernie, just having quick comments on the Macy's news yesterday, how you're thinking about the store closure opportunity, what that might mean for you guys?
John Klinger: Yes. Paul, to start off, on this call, we're not going to get into the detail by division, just to say that we're very confident in the plans we have to execute them, and we're pleased to be increasing 10 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Yes. Paul, on the interesting, the Macy's store closure. This is a little similar to some of the other closures we've talked about over the last few years. Obviously, with the Macy's store closures, you do have a lot of overlap in categories that marry up, which marry up to the businesses that we run. So we would think that would be an additional, and it's probably what you're getting at. I'm guessing an additional market share opportunity depending on the categories and the locations they're in. So not that we would -- not that we would get all of that, but we would get some of it is what we always figure. And again, we've looked at that with any of the other stores over the last 18, 24 months that have closed, and we look at it similarly. I also think where our teams, I like to give is -- I like to give our planning and allocation organization, a lot of credit because they look for trends and our system is sophisticated enough to look for the trends in nearby store closures and how they affect our store in a HomeGoods or a Marmaxx store, and then we're able to watch that trend and ship back and capitalize on the market share opportunity. One indirect byproduct and I know you're not asking this, but I would like to mention to everyone on the call, one of the things that's happening with all the store closures is the importance to the vendor community keeps rising for our merchants amidst less brick-and-mortar competition, so to speak. So one of the -- that hasn't been a question yet because we're not there in the order. But merchandise margin opportunities, I think one of the benefits as we look forward is the importance that our buyers have to the vendor community. And that is one of the things that probably will continue to allow us to buy a little bit better on an ongoing basis. So it's indirectly related to the store closure question. I thought I'd point that out.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Brooke Roach from Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Ernie, you talked a little bit about this already about the opportunity for better buying which could help merch margin. But I was hoping you could contextualize the drivers of merch margin expansion that you're forecasting this year as well as the drivers of expansion that you see on a multiyear basis, is this year a function of mark on markdown or further price increases, where do you see the most opportunity?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great, question, Brooke. And John, are you going to...
John Klinger: Yes. I mean we see a combination of both mark-on and markdown favorability in FY '25. So we're quite pleased to see that.
Ernie Herrman: I would tell you, Brooke, getting even a little more specific for your question is where the mark on, I think, comes which is still your, I guess, most important component here because we can kind of control that is it's a combination. What I just started to touch on with Paul's question on the buying better. Also linked with that, I didn't get to mention is clearly availability, which I did mention in the script, is outstanding across the board, as always, it varies by category and vendor. But at the end of the day, there's more goods out there than we can handle, and we're still holding our merchants back. What I like that happened, and it's been -- this is a new thing. It's been happening over a number of years now is the importance that our buyers are to the vendor community. And the way they handle the vendors in a very courteous manner, but straightforward is allowing them to continue to buy better season after season. And I think as we continue to gain market share and the vendors see that they're just being placed in our store and an eclectic mix with even more and more better brands has been an incentive for them to continue to want to work with our buyers even more so than in the past. And obviously, this has been evolving over a number of years now. So we feel good about the mark on from the buying better perspective. And then I think you touched on this on the retailing of the goods, we still feel there's opportunity. Again, we've just started over the last few years on as we used to call it, selectively adjusting retails where it was appropriate, and we still think there's a lot of opportunity there. Our perception on value is at a very high level across all of our brands. And as you can see from our sales momentum, the customers are responding extremely well to the values that we have in the store. So I would tell you on the -- John mentioned the markdowns, so that's one thing. I think the mark on opportunities still exist because of both buying better and retailing goods. And I think, again, continues to be midterm and longer-term opportunity. I hope that answers that.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another great quarter. So Ernie, with holiday comps driven by transactions, could you elaborate on new customer acquisition and market share opportunity that you see. And just how do you think your apparel and home assortments are positioned in the spring, given the good start that you cited? And then maybe, John, on the margin side, just a follow-up. I mean, with margins now exceeding pre-pandemic is there any change to the historical margin flow-through on incremental of plan sales? It sounds like Ernie walked through a number of drivers, but just thinking about incremental sales and flow through in the model?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Matt, great question. Well, first, let's deal with the first one, which is the new customer acquisition. We've been very happy. We are skewing -- we continue to skew with new customers, we continue to skew a little younger, which is what we wanted. It bodes well for the future. I think I also mentioned that in the script. One other focus, though, and I think we had this recently hit the meeting up what we talked about is we also are trying to acquire new customers, but we're trying to, in our market and create additional visits out of our existing customers because that is still a huge driver of market share is if we could get one additional visit out of only 10% of our customers, that is a monster. So yes, we are obviously looking for new customers and happy that they're skewing younger and where -- we've been happy with the acquisition of new customers. But just we equally. We are -- we have challenged the organization to try to increase visits. And our marketing team, we just had a bunch -- and I'm thrilled with what our marketing team has done on their creative for this coming year. We have some great creative and great messaging plans across each brand. I recently had marketing meetings for a couple of weeks with every division, and we love the messaging where we're going out. And in some cases, appealing to what you just mentioned, new customers, some of our messages are really geared at educating a customer what our price is in the messaging so that we can try to get those new customers. One other thing I'd like to point out on this, that's really encouraging. We always talk about how we trade broadly. And in the call here, we've talked about different income demographics. A really neat thing, I think, for everyone to remember is we are very balanced actually relative to the population of the United States we are balanced on age and income demographics in a very appropriate manner. We're not -- as some retailers can skew towards different categories, we actually are at the point now where we over-index in the age 18 to 34. So we're slightly over the population average with those shopping our stores, which I think bodes really well for the future. And then on income demographics, we're very balanced by category under $50,000, $50,000 to $99,000 over $100. We skew a little bit more to the -- over the $50,000 and above that. So great question. Obviously, we spent a lot of time on it. So the second part...
John Klinger: Yes. I would just say on the income demographic, when you look at our sales performance in the fourth quarter was very consistent across our income demographic bands that we look at, particularly in the U.S. divisions. But yes, as far as the sales incremental flow through, I would say that we -- it's very consistent with what we've been saying all along. We see our lever point somewhere between the 3% to 4% comp, as we said in the script. And I don't think anything has changed on that.
Ernie Herrman: And Matt, what was the last part of your question? Was that about our go forward? Was it about the home business?
Matthew Boss: Yes, just opportunities. You mentioned spring off to a good start. Just any elaborating on your assortments in apparel and home into the spring.
Ernie Herrman: Their apparel at home, you had said right. So yes. I have to tell you, though, we did not -- we were not -- at the beginning of February, we were getting here with the weather that I think many of you know across the country. So we -- that was holding back our comps a little in the first couple of weeks of February even though we were -- it's in our guidance range. And then over the last -- really the last couple of weeks, our business got stronger when the weather was more normalized. From week 3 on, we were we were much happier with our comps. So that's why we're off to a good start. And by the way, I would say that we when -- the weather is like that, it can affect your apparel, but we were still pretty pleased with where we were trending given the weather. And our home business, I would tell you, again, I don't want to take up too much more time on this section, but our home business as you could tell from Q4. And as we go into spring and this year, as I mentioned in the script, we just feel just a massive opportunity in market share because our home business, we do it so differently than really anybody else. We don't have competition the same way, whether it's all the fashion aspects of what we do in our home, some of the categories that are more replenishment, where we increasing our steady traffic in home goods because we have items that customers replenish. And then you have utilitarian items that we sell. So HomeGoods is such an eclectic treasure hunt that it's really a special place in terms of impulse buying and I think just a huge market share opportunity there. And we're positioned -- I love the way that team is positioned. And that isn't just -- I'm not talking just about HomeGoods. I'm talking about the home area in Marmaxx has been really strong home area over in T.K. Maxx and in winners, Marshalls in Canada, all the full family stores have been running a strong home business, and it's also continuing that way as we enter spring. .
John Klinger: Yes. And Matt, let me just add on to what I was talking about as far as the incremental sales flow-through. So as we said in the past, it's for every point in comp, 15 basis points. And again, unchanged from what we've been saying.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Ernie, I was hoping to get your outlook for pricing for this year. Do you still see an opportunity for like-for-like price increases throughout the assortment? And then also, how will mix factor into your outlook for total AUR in fiscal '25?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. No, both on point there, Lorraine. Yes. No, we feel there's still opportunity on the like-for-like pricing. As we look -- we comp shop so regularly, our buyers are so good at that. And we can see specific items here and there where we could be going up a price point. Again, it's -- you would never notice it because we're not -- we're doing it so sparingly throughout the assortment. It isn't -- it isn't a widespread thing, but there's enough that there's opportunity to be doing it surgically in different places throughout the store. We can just see because other retailers have had to go up, and they aren't coming down even though inflation has moderated. So much cost, John and I talk about all the time cost is embedded in all of the businesses out there. So I think that, Lorraine, is going to still continue for a while. This isn't just a season or this year thing. Yes. And then the -- I'm sorry, the second part was the mix is real. With the mix related? Yes. So the mix is always -- we are always going after the hottest trending mix. I don't -- in our plans right now on our AUR, we don't see the AUR changing that much. We've been kind of going after some of the hotter categories and taking down some of the ones that aren't. And as you know, you know us well. We move very fast to the trends. So we still see some of those categories that were looking good that we were trying to maximize last year continuing this year. And in our plans right now, we're looking at the AURs is not changing that much, actually. We can always go. We don't top -- that's one -- as we talk about this all the time, we do not top-down manage that. But for what we see, our visibility right now looks like they won't change much.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jay Sole from UBS.
Jay Sole: I'd like to ask about maybe some of the smaller banners. Just on HomeSense, there's a lot of talk in the market that some home categories broadly across the U.S. aren't doing that well. But I've said a couple of times, Home is doing really well. Can you just talk about HomeSense? How that's doing, what your store opening plans for next year are? And also just because you mentioned on the script, this Sierra Trading Post, do you plan to open more Sierra Trading Post? And can you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing in that banner?
Ernie Herrman: Definitely. So John is looking at the stores. One thing I'll go -- I'm going to tell you one thing on the HomeSense mix. We make adjustments just -- it's interesting. Just similar to what I was just saying to Lorraine, we will go with where the customer is voting. Again, our model allows us to do this, and our teams are experienced. So we are in the process and actually they started in the fourth quarter. The HomeSense team has started modifying the mix to go to what's more happening than some of the other categories that have not been -- that are big in HomeSense but that haven't been trending as strongly, and we started shifting and shoring up our HomeSense trend now has picked up dramatically since we made those adjustments. So -- by the way, in our Sierra sales trend all last year was strong, and we've been thrilled with where we're heading there, which is why in both of these situations where pretty aggressive on store comp.
John Klinger: Yes. I mean we're really pleased with what we're seeing in our -- we'll call them their seed businesses that we're adding 17 HomeSense stores. We're adding 26 stores in Sierra. And we're also very pleased with what we're seeing in Australia as well, where we're adding five stores down there. So we're really quite pleased with what we're seeing with the performance of these businesses.
Ernie Herrman: I will add that Jay, because we don't get to talk about the small businesses often, so that's good.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John Kernan from TD Cowen.
John Kernan: John, you talked about unit growth within the guidance in fiscal '25. And just within the context of your long-term store targets and also some of the trends within new store productivity as you open new Marmaxx and HomeGoods stores. How should we think about real estate availability also the long-term outlook for stores?
John Klinger: Yes. I mean -- so right now, the what we see in total is unchanged. It's just almost just under 6,300 stores we see as the potential. And as far as store availability, we play -- we want to make sure that the stores that we're opening across all our banners are the right stores for what we -- for us. So we're not necessarily going to pick a number and then shoot for that number. We make sure that the stores we're looking at fit right within our store mix. And we're quite pleased with the performance when they do open. So when we see these store openings performance, we're quite pleased with that as well. The other thing that gives us that really works well with us are the relocations that we do. So this year, we're planning 40 relocations. And here, we're actually finding better locations in the store trading areas that we're in for stores that are coming due as far as leases. So we're able to relocate those stores to the better shopping pitch in the area. So we see a definite improvement in the performance as we do move those stores. In Europe, we see more opportunity in Germany to open up stores in the U.K. for more of our relocations. And in the U.S. and Canada, we're also -- as we see more department stores close we see the opportunity to -- if we don't have stores in those areas to put stores in some of those areas to be the department stores of that. So we're seeing opportunities there for new store growth. So that's kind of what we're seeing for the strategy.
John Kernan: Understood. I guess 1 quick follow-up would be just on other categories outside of apparel, home, you spoke about quite a bit on the prior question. Just what about beauty. It feels like it's much more elevated in-store than has been in the past. What's the opportunity within beauty and the elevation of that category?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I'll jump in here, John. Yes, the beauty business is obviously, you can see from the presentation in the store that's been very healthy for us. And I would tell you, we see big upside there, obviously. And we're continuing to go after that. We have done something with the presentation, but you've seen the assortments expand as well. So as you can imagine, that's one of the businesses we feel has a lot more upside. If you look at things that go along with that health and wellness and beauty thing, some of those other categories in the store, obviously kind of go along with that, if you know what I mean. So beauty is the more noticeable one you're calling out, but that trend kind of spills over, I would say, to some other categories in the store that we're going after. And I think we've talked about this before. We don't just do it we love that our stores are very flexible. So you're bringing out beauty. One thing you probably noticed is the way we've done the beauty thing we still can flex the departments around it. And so that is an advantage. Again, as always, I'd like to point that out, when our buyers are able to -- in our planning organization, we're able to go after the HUD business and flex it in the store very quickly, and it doesn't take as much labor or capital to redo the stores because there aren't any walls, et cetera. So great question now.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Alex Straton from Morgan Stanley.
Alex Straton: Perfect. I wanted to focus on the HomeGoods real quick here. So ended the year at just under a 10% margin. I was wondering if you could speak to kind of what's constraining that business below your long-term goal of low double digits and when you think it gets there. And then secondly, just on the ability to take market share over time. Just wondering if there's any color you could provide on particular categories or changes in the market landscape that are going to enable that going forward. Are Yes. So I mean I'll start off.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So with Home Goods, I mean it's a couple of things. I mean HomeGoods was impacted by freight more than some of the other divisions. But for HomeGoods, it's about continuing to drive that top line sales growth, while well, looking at the cost structure of that freight and continuing to try to be as efficient as possible on that freight line. The HomeGoods team executes very, very well, and it's just about continuing to focus on execution, drive that top line and be as efficient as we can.
John Klinger: And Alex, if you look when you're asking about one of the things that's going to also help with the margin is the market share and sales growth opportunity that we strongly believe that we have there. If you look at -- if you look at the year that we had there in HomeGoods, dramatic first half to second half. And then even as you went to Q4, you could see how powerful the HomeGoods sales trend is relative to competition. And so it's an unusual thing when the whole business years ago, we've had really strong home goods and home trends for years. Typically, yes, we'd be outpacing competition, but not as dramatically as recently. And so that just shows you that the market share, which is, I think, like a third part of your question, the market share is really up for grabs. And fortunately, what's going on, I think, in the landscape is you have the e-com players on home as well as the brick-and-mortar are creating additional opportunity for our home business because of their execution and the lack of excitement. We do believe -- like our Marmaxx, we believe HomeGoods is one of the most exciting store shopping experiences on the planet, really. And you've seen whether you look on TikTok or any of the -- with third-party endorsements that come out on different talk shows and had segments on home goods lately. It's become a it's become a bit of a cult because people know that you can't go in there and spend less than a couple of hundred dollars, even though you're planning on doing it just for a bed pillow. So it's -- that's why we're so bullish. We also corporately, it's one of our most collaborative arenas. Our home merchants are so linked up across all the organizations, which is why we're bullish on total TJX Home business which, as you know, we've talked in the past, over 1/3 of our business will be home business in TJX this year, heading to a higher percentage over the next few years, that's what we believe. So you're touching on it, what I think is a competitive advantage and future continuing to be traffic driver for TJX.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Michael Binetti from Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti : Congrats on a great quarter. I just want to ask a little bit on the margins. I know you've talked about it a little bit today, but it's remarkable to see the profitability you guys are putting up, particularly when competitors are looking at stores and saying, look, the economics are going the other way, and we're going to close a few stores. So as we think about Marmaxx, that was a 14% to 15% margin business at its peak with labor and supply chain stabilizing a bit now and you have you have this pricing lever that you didn't really have or flex before COVID or are there any reasons why Marmaxx is in a structurally higher business in the long term, given it's now above 2019 levels? And then I guess as a follow-up, John, you did mention earlier that the long-term 3% to 4% same-store sales growth is flat to 10% -- or sorry, flat to 10 basis point leverage algo. But this year is flat to 10 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp something is a little better this year and then it normalizes next year. And if we get out to the middle of the year and you're running above the 2% to 3% again any reason it wouldn't flow through at a better rate on a point of comp than the 15 basis points that you mentioned?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I mean -- so I'll pick up the last part of your question first. Yes, we had some onetime headwind. So whether it's the incentive accruals or homegoods.com that negatively impacted us last year that helped us to offset what we see as continued wage pressure. So we were able to be at flat to up 10% on a 2% to 3% versus a 3% to 4%. Does that make sense?
Michael Binetti: Yes, it does, yes. In this year, does it -- in this year, is the flow-through still the same though on a point of upside? Or is it also different margin profile?
Ernie Herrman: That's 15 basis points holds true in FY '25 as well for every point of comp opportunity. And then as far as Marmaxx goes, a 13.7% pretax profit. Yes. I mean, obviously, we had a huge improvement during the year, up 100 basis points. And a lot of that has to do with, again, the lower freight rates. Even though freight is not back to where it was in FY '20, we're still 100 basis points off where we were. So we've had to -- through the merchandise margin has been able to offset some of that headwind. And again, we've talked about this in the past, we don't anticipate freight to come back all the way just because of the wage increases that we've seen in particularly domestic freight, whether it's people that work on the rail or in trucks. But we are looking for -- we continue to look for ways to be more efficient on how we move our freight, and that's really where we see the opportunity moving forward. But again, similar to when we talk about HomeGoods, with Marmaxx, it's -- again, it's about that strong execution, driving that top line and continuing to improve the merchandise margin through better buying.
Operator: And for our final question, we'll go to the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on a fantastic year. And a lot of my questions have been asked. I do want to dig into 1 smaller part of your business. Can we talk a little bit about your credit card business lately as I've been in your stores, I've had some associates asking me if I want a credit card. I'm curious what percentage of your business is done on your own store credit cards? Is there an opportunity there? Is there a data capture that has been helpful to you? Is there an opportunity or a loyalty? Or does that just not really matter because everyone's so addicted, they don't need to actually -- you don't need to do loyalty because it's a physical addiction? Could you just dig into this part of the business a little bit? It's not something you guys usually talk about.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. As far as our credit card goes, we don't get into the amount that goes through on our credit card. But I will say this that it's our penetration is not as high as some of the other retailers that offer incentives to use the card, our everyday value is our everyday value, and we don't want to train the customers into waiting on a discount day to use the credit card. So we're highly focused on making sure that the messaging for our -- the model itself is not affected. That being said, the -- it is the one way that customers can get. When they use the credit card, they get coupons back and that drives volume back into our stores. So we definitely see it as a positive for our driving customers back to our stores. And let's face it. It pleases with the customers when they get that coupon, they -- so -- but everybody's read the reports about whether it's delinquencies or the potential for having the late fees reduced that will impact us, but not as much as some of the other retailers that rely much more heavily on the credit card.
Marni Shapiro: Is there an opportunity to grow that penetration? Is that something you guys would look to do? Because I would think there's probably some level of loyalty and increased visitation with those customers.
Ernie Herrman: So, Marni, just -- we have been growing that penetration over a number of years or so. So as much as -- yes. As much as John pointed out, we're not at what other retailers doing their -- almost their credit card programs, but we are -- their amount higher than we were a handful of years ago. So, yes. Rightfully so. And those shoppers, right, John tend to also cross shop our different brands more and retain more. And so there's a lot of benefits in our sales, and as John said, when they do, it is the only way to get any type of a rebate from us, and it does create that extra visit. So yes, you're right. And we still -- by the way, that's why you get asked in the store. We're trying to still grow that percentage.
Ernie Herrman: All right. Well, I think that was our last question. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may disconnect at this time, and thank you for participating.

===== 2024 Q3  (2023-11-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to The TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded as of today November 15, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Ivy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2023. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investors section of our website, TJX.com. Reconciliations of other non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are also posted on our website, TJX.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John. I want to start by recognizing our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to TJX. Again, I want to give special recognition to our store, distribution, and fulfillment center associates for the commitment to our company. Now, to our business update and third quarter results. I am extremely pleased with our third quarter performance as sales, profitability, and earnings per share all exceeded our expectations. Our 6% overall comp sales increase was entirely driven by customer traffic, which was up at all of our divisions. Marmaxx, our largest division, continued its strong momentum by once again delivering terrific increases in both comp sales and customer traffic. In the third quarter, our apparel sales remained very strong and sales for overall home were outstanding, accelerating sequentially versus the second quarter, particularly at HomeGoods. We also saw comp sales and traffic increases at our Canadian and International divisions. Importantly, overall merchandise margin remains very healthy. Our excellent third quarter results are a testament to the strong execution of our teams across the Company and their continued focus on growing both, our top and bottom lines. With our above-plan results in the third quarter, we are raising our full year outlook for comp sales and earnings per share. John will talk to this in a moment. The fourth quarter is off to a strong start and we continue to see outstanding availability of merchandise across a wide range of brands in the marketplace. This gives us great confidence that we can keep flowing a fresh assortment to our stores and online throughout the holiday season and beyond. Longer term, I am convinced that the flexibility of our business model, our wide demographic reach and our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to serve us well and allow us to keep growing successfully in the United States and internationally. Okay. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to John to cover our third quarter financial results in more detail.
John Klinger : Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Ill start with some additional details on the third quarter. As Ernie mentioned, our overall comp store sales increased 6%, well above the high-end of our plan and were entirely driven by an increase in customer traffic. We saw continued momentum with our apparel comp sales, which includes accessories with a mid-single-digit increase. Overall, home comp sales accelerated and were up high single digits. TJX net sales grew to $13.3 billion, a 9% increase versus the third quarter of fiscal 23. The third quarter consolidated pre-tax margin of 12% was up 80 basis points versus last year. Our pre-tax profit margin came in above our plan, primarily due to expense leverage on our stronger than expected sales and a benefit of approximately 40 basis points from the timing of expenses. As we stated in our press release this morning, we expect this benefit from the timing of expenses will reverse out in the fourth quarter. Third quarter pre-tax profit margin was negatively impacted by approximately 30 basis points of cost from the closing of our HomeGoods online business which was not contemplated in our previous guidance. All the costs associated with the closing of our HomeGoods e-commerce business are reflected in our Q3 results, and there are no further write-downs expected going forward. Third quarter gross margin was up 200 basis points versus last year. This increase was driven by a higher merchandise margin due to the significant benefit from lower freight costs. Gross margin also benefited from expense leverage on the 6% comp sales increase. Supply chain investments and our year-over-year shrink accrual were headwinds to gross margin in the third quarter. Third quarter SG&A increased 140 basis points, primarily due to incremental store wage and payroll costs, higher incentive accruals due to above-plan results and approximately 30 basis points of cost related to the closing of our HomeGoods online business. Net interest income benefited pre-tax profit margin by 30 basis points versus last year. Lastly, we were very pleased that diluted earnings per share of $1.03 were also above our expectations and up 20% versus last years adjusted $0.86. This includes an approximately $0.03 negative impact due to the closing of our HomeGoods online business which was not contemplated in our previous guidance. This also includes approximately $0.03 of unplanned benefit from the timing of expenses that we expect will reverse out in the fourth quarter. Moving to our third quarter divisional performance. At Marmaxx third quarter comp store sales increased a very strong 7% entirely driven by customer traffic. Marmaxxs apparel and home categories both saw significant comp sales increases. Further, comp sales increases were very consistent across low, mid, and high income demographic areas and was strong across all regions. Marmaxxs third quarter segment profit margin was 14%, up 50 basis points versus last year. This was driven by a benefit from lower freight costs as well as expense leverage on the strong sales, partially offset by incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. We are convinced that T.J. Maxx and Marshalls will continue to be gift giving destinations this holiday season. Long-term, we remain confident in our ability to capture additional market share in the U.S. At HomeGoods, third quarter comp store sales accelerated to an outstanding 9% increase, entirely driven by customer traffic. Comp performance was very strong across each region in the U.S. and across stores in different income demographic areas. We were very pleased to see HomeGoods third quarter segment profit margin return to double-digits, increasing 140 basis points to 10.3%. This increase was due to a benefit from lower freight costs and expense leverage on stronger sales, partially offset by costs related to closing our HomeGoods online business. With more than 900 stores today, we continue to see a significant opportunity to open up more HomeGoods and Homesense stores around the country. Were excited about our market share opportunities and bringing our eclectic home assortment and great values to even more shoppers. At TJX Canada, comp store sales growth was 3% and was also driven by an increase in customer traffic. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 17%, up 120 basis points. We have a very loyal shopper base in Canada and are convinced that we can capture additional market share through all three of our Canadian banners. At TJX International, comp store sales were up 1% and customer traffic was up. Comp sales and traffic increased in both Europe and Australia. In Europe, we were pleased with our performance given the high inflation impacting customer discretionary spend in the unseasonably warm weather. Segment profit margin for TJX International on a constant currency basis was 5.3%, down 140 basis points. We are confident that we can keep growing our footprint across our existing European countries in Australia and improve the overall profitability of this division. As to e-commerce, overall, its a very small percentage of our business and remains complementary to our very successful brick-and-mortar business. As to homegoods.com online business, when we looked at our long-term projections, we did not see a path to profitability over the long term like we do for our other banners. In terms of our other e-commerce sites, we were very pleased with their sales trends in the third quarter. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was essentially flat versus the third quarter of fiscal 23. We feel great about our inventory levels and the outstanding availability in the marketplace. We are very -- we are well positioned to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this holiday season. Ill finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the third quarter, we generated $1.2 billion in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $4.3 billion in cash. In the third quarter, we returned $1 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now, Ill turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: All right. Thanks, John. Now, Id like to highlight the key opportunities we see to keep driving sales and traffic in the fourth quarter. First, as always, offering outstanding value is our top priority for the holiday selling season, especially in an environment where consumers wallets are stretched. The marketplace continues to be loaded with quality merchandise and we are set up extremely well to offer a wide range of good, better and best brands to consumers. Second, we believe our strongly positioned -- we are strongly positioned to be a top destination for gifts this holiday season. Our buyers have done a terrific job selecting the best merchandise available for our global vendor base to surprise -- from our global vendor base, to surprise and excite our customers. We are confident that shoppers will find an eclectic assortment of guests to choose from for everyone on their list. In addition, we will remain focused on being a gifting destination throughout the year. Next, we will be following fresh product to our stores and online multiple times a week throughout the holiday season, which we believe differentiates us from many other major retailers. With our ever-changing mix of merchandise, shoppers can see something new every time they visit. Further, we feel great about our plans to transition our stores post-holiday and offer consumers the categories and trends they want to start the year. Lastly, we feel great about our holiday marketing campaigns across all of our brands, which launched earlier this month. Each of our brands are emphasizing our value leadership and our great assortment of quality gifts for the whole family. We believe we are set up very well to be top of mind for consumers and drive shoppers to our stores this holiday season. Additionally, we feel great about our in-store shopping experience as our customer satisfaction scores remain very strong. Moving on, Id like to spend a moment and list off the key characteristics of TJX that give us confidence that we can continue our successful growth around the world for many years to come. First, we are the largest brick-and-mortar off-price retailer in the world. We leverage our global infrastructure and share best practices across all of our divisions so that we can deliver the best merchandise values and shopping experience to our customers. Second, we have one of the most flexible business models in retail. This allows us to buy close to need and quickly adjust our store assortment to meet changing consumer preferences and offer the hottest trends. Third, we successfully operate stores across a very wide demographic and we curate our store mix to appeal to shoppers across all income demographics. Importantly, we continue to attract an outsized number of Gen Z and millennial shoppers to our stores, which we believe bodes well for the future. Next, we source from an ever-changing universe of approximately 21,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. As a growing retailer with almost 5,000 stores, we believe many vendors want to work with TJX because we offer them a very attractive way to grow their business. All of this gives us great confidence that there will be plenty of quality branded merchandise available for us. Fifth, we believe our best-in-class buying organization is a tremendous advantage. Many of our more than 1,300 buyers have multiple decades of off-price buying experience, which we believe has allowed us to establish some of the best mutually beneficial vendor relationships and all of retail. Next, we continue to have a significant opportunity to grow our global store base. Long term, we see the potential to open an additional 1,300-plus stores with just our current banners in just our current countries. Lastly, but most important is our talent. Throughout TJX, our management teams have deep decades-long off-price expertise in the U.S. and internationally, which we believe is unmatched. Additionally, we are laser-focused on teaching and training to develop the next generation of leaders for our company. Finally, I am so proud of our culture, which I believe is a major differentiator and another key component of our success. We believe that the combination of all these characteristics is why we have such a long history of successful growth in many types of economic and retail environments. We are convinced that these aspects of our business are a tremendous advantage and will allow us to continue offering shoppers inspiring merchandise, outstanding value, and an exciting treasure hunt shopping experience every day. Turning to corporate responsibility. I am pleased to share with you that we recently published our 2023 Global Corporate Responsibility Report. The report summarizes our fiscal 2023 initiatives and progress within the four areas we focus on: workplace, communities, environmental sustainability, and responsible business. We are proud to continue to make progress in our programs and initiatives, and we aim to provide our stakeholders with relevant information through our report and website. Im grateful to our teams around the globe for the work that they do to support our global priorities. As always, we invite you to visit tjx.com to read our full report and our updates throughout the year. Summing up, we were very pleased to deliver another quarter of strong sales and profitability. The fourth quarter is off to a strong start, and we are excited about the initiatives we have planned to drive sales and traffic this holiday season. Going forward, I want to assure you that we are laser-focused on further improving the profitability of TJX over the long term. Further, I am convinced that the key characteristics of our business have set us up extremely well to take advantage of the market share opportunities we see ahead in the United States and internationally. Now, Ill turn the call back to John to cover our fourth quarter and full year guidance, and then well go on to open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. Before I start, I want to remind you that our fiscal 24 calendar includes an extra week in the fourth quarter. Now, starting with our fourth quarter guidance. We will continue to expect overall comp store sales growth to be up 3% to 4%. As a reminder, our comp guidance for the fourth quarter excludes our expected sales from the extra week in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $15.9 billion to $16.1 billion, which includes approximately $800 million of revenue expected from the extra week. We now expect fourth quarter pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.4% to 10.6%. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately 40 basis points from the extra week, we expect adjusted pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.0% to 10.2%. On a 13-week basis, this would represent an increase of 80 to 100 basis points versus last years pretax profit margin of 9.2%. The decrease in the fourth quarter pretax profit margin guidance is due to the expected reversal of the approximately 40 basis-point benefit we saw in the third quarter from the timing of expenses. Next, we expect fourth quarter gross margin on a 13-week basis to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.4%, up 210 to 230 basis points versus last year. Were planning a significant benefit from lower freight costs as well as a benefit from our year-over-year shrink accrual, partially offset by headwinds from our ongoing supply chain investments. On a 13-week basis, were planning fourth quarter SG&A to be approximately 18.5%, up 150 basis points versus last year. This expected increase is primarily driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. For modeling purposes, were currently assuming a fourth quarter tax rate of 26%, net interest income on a 13-week basis of about $49 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.15 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we now expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $1.07 to $1.10. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately $0.10 from the extra week, we expect fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.97 to $1. On a 13-week basis, this will represent an increase of 9% to 12% versus last years earnings per share of $0.89. I want to be clear that our assumptions for comp sales, pretax profit margin and earnings per share for the fourth quarter are unchanged versus our previous guidance. The decrease in the fourth quarter pretax profit margin and earnings per share guidance is due to the expected reversal of the approximately 40 basis points and $0.03 benefit from the timing of expenses that we saw in the third quarter. Now, to the full year. We are now expecting overall comp store sales increase of 4% to 5%. As a reminder, our comp guidance excludes our expected sales from the 53rd week. For the full year, we now expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $53.7 million to $53.9 billion, which includes approximately $800 million of revenue expected from the 53rd week. We expect full year pretax profit margin to be approximately 10.8%. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately 10 basis points from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted pretax profit margin to be approximately 10.7%. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 100 basis points versus fiscal 23 pretax profit margin of 9.7%. Regarding shrink, our indicators are still leading us to believe that we can continue to plan shrink flat for fiscal 24. As a reminder, we will not know the full effect of our shrink initiatives or the accuracy of our indicators until we do a full annual inventory count in January. Moving to full year adjusted gross margin on a 52-week basis, we now expect it to be approximately 29.6%, a 200 basis-point increase versus last year. We expect virtually all of this increase to be driven by a benefit from lower freight costs. This guidance also assumes a continuation of headwinds from our supply chain investments. We are very pleased with the level of freight recapture weve seen so far this year and remain focused on looking for ways to reduce our freight costs going forward. For the full year, adjusted SG&A on a 52-week basis, we are now expecting it to be approximately 19.2%, a 130 basis-point increase versus last year. This expected increase is primarily driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs, and higher incentive accruals. For modeling purposes, were currently assuming a full year tax rate of 25.7%, net interest income on a 52-week basis of about $165 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.16 billion shares. As a result of our above planned third quarter earnings performance, we are increasing our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $3.71 to $3.74. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.61 to $3.64. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 16% to 17% versus fiscal 23s adjusted earnings per share of $3.11. Its important to understand that we did not flow through the entire third quarter earnings per share beat to the fourth quarter because of the $0.03 of costs related to closing of the e-commerce business. In closing, I want to reiterate that we are very pleased with the execution of our teams across the company in the third quarter and are confident in our plans for the fourth quarter. Long term, I want to reiterate that we will not be complacent when it comes to looking at ways to improve our profitability. We have a very strong balance sheet and are in an excellent financial position to invest in the growth of our business and simultaneously return significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, were going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person, so we can keep the call on schedule and answer as many questions as we can. Thanks. And now, well open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lorraine from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Your gross margins are now trending nicely above pre-COVID levels. You just said you wont be complacent about finding opportunities for margin expansion. So, can you talk about the two or three factors that youre most excited about to expand your gross margin in the coming years?
John Klinger: Yes. I mean, the top thing is continuing to drive our top line sales is important. And where we see opportunities as other retailers increase their average retails, we can hold our 20% to 60% value gap and raise ours as well.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Lorraine, its obviously top of mind for all of our merchant teams in terms of how were retailing the goods and managing our inventory flow. And like anything else, those teams have -- just continuing to get better and better in terms of how we flow the merchandise. And one reason our merchandise has been a healthy margin year-to-date and last year is not only because of the way we bought it. Its also the way our planning and allocation teams have flowed the goods, which has helped with our sales, of course, having the right goods in the right stores at the right time, but also in the way we float it. We have saved markdowns appropriately in categories. So were very bullish on that. I think, the -- we mean more to the vendors today than ever before. And I think thats another facet of why were very bullish on where our merchandise margins can go. And I think John, when hes mentioning that, youre ultimately talking about market share with store closures, et cetera. But even if those fall off, were not anticipating stores close at the same rate. We still have a base now of customers and a value umbrella, which I think what John was talking about is, we are positioned with tremendous opportunities to still show our 20% to 60% off and still retail goods advantageously, I would say, and then still buy better with all of the availability thats out there. So multiple factors going on. All going back to why I would say we are always happy to see a seasoned buying team like we have with such consistency and tenure over the years, this is what allows you to sleep at night and know youre going to take advantage of those opportunities with the vendor community.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Paul from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Just a little bit more on gross margin. Curious on freight if you got back all of what you lost in 3Q last year, was it even more than that? And where is the upside coming from within the freight line? And Im also curious, can you talk about the pure merch margin excluding freight, just considering your average unit cost and average unit retail? Thanks.
John Klinger: Yes. So on freight, so compared to FY20, we lost 300 basis points, and so weve gotten back about two-thirds of that. Weve done it through -- obviously, the rates that weve negotiated, have been favorable. And we had some benefit from our year-over-year accrual, but were also implementing a lot of initiatives to try to be as efficient as we can in our freight. So, some of those initiatives are how we move the merchandise from ports to our DCs, from the DCs to stores. So, thats where weve seen a lot of benefit as well. Going forward, so theres a bit of stickiness in the freight costs. As weve seen this year, there was a rail strike. So, wages went up on rail salaries, truck driver salaries have gone up. So, theres a bit of stickiness in the domestic freight, which is the lions share of our freight rate. So, we dont believe at this point now that well get back all of the freight, but well continue to look at ways to be as efficient as we can on the freight rate going forward. And just to remind you, a lot of the freight benefit that were seeing this year has been a pull forward of what we expected to see in FY25. So, were seeing a lions share of that coming in FY24. And so, for FY25, again, its about looking for ways to be more efficient with initiatives internally.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, John. And the pure merch margin and FX rate?
John Klinger: So the underlying merch margin, so Marmaxx was up. We did see a bit of headwind in FX rates for Canada and Europe. But were seeing a benefit in the Marmaxx division.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Paul. And Ill jump in there as well. Ill tell you another place where I think we have an advantage on merchandise margin going forward is in our home business. So our home business, as you can tell from these results, which we are very bullish on, we feel is going to be very contrarian to the marketplace and much healthier than the marketplace. And with that, based on the momentum that weve seen -- you could see it improving every quarter. John and I have talked about it every quarter. And then coming out of this quarter with a 9 comp and HomeGoods is just way above the market. But our Marmaxx home business is very healthy. And our other home business and the other divisions have improved as well. That is an area where we think theres specifically a margin opportunity because some of our margin is on the mix of departments within TJX. And as home now going forward over the next couple of years, were anticipating that to kind of grow in percent of total for us. I think thats going to help our merchandise margin in total TJX. So, just thats why thats another bright spot in terms of merchandise margin directly.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Adrienne from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Adrienne Yih: Ernie, I guess, my question is on -- were hearing -- we had a wholesale report, and they talk about kind of the spring season and the end channel retail department stores buying down for the first half. How do you think about that in terms of availability for next year and the continuation of this kind of great buying environment? I know its always great. But it seems like theres a disconnect between their plan right now and maybe whats actually kind of being realized as we hear from the wholesalers. Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Adrienne. Its ironic that the two people sitting here with me, weve talked about this yesterday as we were kind of talking -- prepping for the call. Ironically, when were always saying there is a -- I dont know, weve used all different types of words, phenomenal availability. I dont know if we used plethora of stores [ph] out there. We havent used that one yet. But then we keep getting pleasantly surprised because the world -- how do I put this, a world that has a lot going on in terms of instability and trends in different retail around domestically and globally just continues to create more spill-off. Part of that is a lot of these companies that would like to -- theyre public companies. They cannot back off trying to push the envelope to grow. And so, for whatever reason, I understand how one might one season be able to cut back successfully. But over the course of multiple seasons and in total, with the 21,000 vendors, where it always ebbs and flows by vendor, theres just always more. And I cant picture in this environment where the sales projections are so erratic that there wont be more. And Ill go to one other key point, which is the e-com business. So the e-com business, weve talked about this before, Adrienne, not with just yourself but the group, is that e-com has created more spill-off. Well, the e-com, if you look at the volatility in e-com trends over the last 12 months, some of the -- especially in apparel, their forecasts have been way off from where theyre trending because I think the e-com business is a little bit more fickle. So I think thats going to actually spill off more than what some of the more traditional brick-and-mortar vendors might be able to pull back on. So, I just see it staying at similar levels of tremendous availability.
John Klinger: Yes. And Ernie talked about the importance we have with our vendors. We add thousands of vendors every year. So again, were just becoming that more important to the marketplace.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Matthew from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: So Ernie, with the continued strength in apparel and now its complemented by the acceleration in home, is there a way to speak to maybe the scale opportunity to drive market share across the wider demographic reach? And then, John, could you just help elaborate on pretax margin puts and takes to consider multiyear or maybe relative to the historical model flow-through if comps were to remain consistent going forward?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, great questions, Matt. Let me -- Ill go to the scale of the model, specifically in apparel, and then Ill let John take the other part. But the -- yes, we do look at it that way because also some of the competitors, specifically brick-and-mortar out there have not done a good job in apparel. And we have had a consistently pretty healthy apparel business that makes us feel like, again, market share opportunity, which is what youre talking about. We have looked -- weve already started looking at our apparel plans for the spring season in identifying which pockets of apparel and which areas -- in which parts of the country, by the way, we think, have opportunities for us to almost take the market share from items and categories that arent being serviced by the competition anymore as much as they used to. So, I dont want to give you the exact categories, but theres a handful of categories, by the way, which happen to skew a little younger in our customer audience, so we get a bit of a win-win there, Matt, in terms of the categories we go after. But that is our objective, not just in home but to continue to exploit the apparel opportunity thats out there. The other neat thing thats happening is because of department store and specialty store and online business not being as healthy in apparel, some of those key brands are more interested in doing more additional SKUs with us than in the past. So, were getting wider assortments in some of the brands that weve always had, but were able to get wider assortments there, which also helps our treasure hunt and our ability to do more business there and keep the turns healthy. So John, on the...
John Klinger: Matt, so just to answer your second part of your question, Id say were -- first of all, were very pleased to get back to really -- were forecasting to be beyond where we were in FY20 pretax profit margin. And again, thats with approximately 100 basis points of more freight headwind. As I said earlier in the call, weve probably gotten back two-thirds of our freight from where we were. So, that really speaks to the performance of our merchandise margin versus FY20. But going forward, we are not going to be complacent. Were always going to strive to improve our profitability. And again, the best way to improve our profitability is with our outsized sales and controlling our costs. So, thats -- were laser-focused on that part of it.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Chuck from Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead.
Chuck Grom: Just wondering if you guys talk about the cadence of sales in the quarter, particularly in October, the temperatures were a bit higher nationally, and in some pockets actually been very warm. Just curious if theres any discernible slowdown during this time period. And if youve seen that demand capture so far in November as temperatures have normalized?
John Klinger: Yes. So, the cadence of the quarter, August and September were strong. The October, when the warmer weather did set in, and Ill add in there, the geopolitical events that are also taking place, we did see our trend a little bit of a drop from our August, September trend. But when we saw the weather cooled down, towards the end of October, we saw our sales trends return, so. And again, were -- our fourth quarter is off to a strong start, as we said in our -- not only our earnings release, but also our prepared remarks this morning.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Brooke from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Can you elaborate on your outlook for comp growth between traffic versus ticket as you look forward? Did you happen to see any shifts in ticket this quarter versus your expectations? And how much more opportunity do you see to continue with the pricing strategy that has been successful year-to-date? Thank you.
John Klinger: So, as far as what we saw in tickets, so again, our sales were driven by transactions. As expected, we did see a drop in our ticket that was offset by -- partially offset by additional units as weve seen historically. But again, the important thing is driving that top line through transactions we feel is a very healthy way for us to drive our business. And again, that ticket drop is due to mix. Its mix related within category, so.
Ernie Herrman: And Brook, to remind you, we dont drive -- and I think John started to touch on it. We dont drive our ticket -- our average -- we dont have a top-down strategy to drive our average ticket up or down. We let the -- it really starts at the buyer, merchandise manager levels when theyre saying these are the right values and having a good, better mix -- good, better, best mix. And it translates into, hey, these are the right values and it could, if theres a hot category like John said and it happens to be a lower ticket, were going to not go after that because our market share gain is still the priority in driving sales and top line. In terms of your -- second part of your question, the opportunity on continuing the pricing strategy. Yes, we feel like were in a good place on that. I think that will be a consistent opportunity as we look forward. We kind of monitor it as we look -- as we go into first quarter of next year at this point. And I would say were positioned right where we would think we would be. And theres a lot of -- theres a combination in this environment with so much goods and were always wary of where other retailers are going to potentially promote. So again, were very selective on where we do it, but we have been seeing us the ability to continue to retail grab where appropriate, at the same time, actually buy a little better, and thats where we get some of the merchandise margin mark-on benefit. So, again, feeling good about it, but were always watching it very, very balanced, I would say and surgically. John?
John Klinger: And look, our customers are telling us that their value perception of us remains very strong, which is -- again, is key.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We do surveys and we get data on perception. Our perception right now is actually -- has improved on their perception of our values relative to others.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Alex from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Straton: Congrats on a great quarter, guys. I wanted to focus on Marmaxx. Its operating margin has been at about 14% almost all year compared to slightly below that pre-COVID. So, Im just wondering how do you think about that. Are we at peak, or are there still headwinds hurting that segment? And how do you think about it from here? Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: I mean, yes, look, were very pleased about driving a 7 comp entirely through traffic. Weve seen nice benefit from the freight. But look, we have -- were continuing to see this year. I mean weve had headwinds on supply chain and wage, so. But we feel really good about where we are, as far as a pretax profit margin being up 50 basis points versus last year.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Michael from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a nice quarter. Can you help us think about what flow-through will look like on the SG&A side as we think about potential for comp upside in the fourth quarter and maybe some thoughts on SG&A growth or leverage for next year? I know this year is largely defined by some structural labor issues that youve spoken about and then restoring incentive comp. But maybe you could help with some thoughts on the go-forward leverage point on SG&A as we kind of transition off of that kind of year this year into next year? And then, I have a follow-up.
John Klinger: I mean, so SG&A for the fourth quarter is primarily due to incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. When we look out next year, while we havent completed our planning process, we would expect that we would not see the increases that we saw this year. And again, were not giving guidance, but thats what we would expect. And I would say that as far as the leverage point, I would say that thats unchanged from what weve said.
Michael Binetti: And as you look at -- I guess, thinking about Alexs question, as you look at where HomeGoods margins are today, still below 2019 levels. I know theres a lot of freight impacting that business, and you told us thats still behind versus 2019 now, you dont expect to get it all back. But if you take out freight in that business, do you still see opportunities to kind of get back to where you were in 2019, like you have at Marmaxx or maybe some thoughts on some of the differences in the structural I guess, the cost structure for that business as we kind of come out of some of these moving parts?
John Klinger: I mean, look, the cost structure, as weve said before is -- it has a higher freight rate. So, when we talk about getting back only two-thirds of the freight, HomeGoods is going to be a little bit more impacted on the freight line. But again, its similar -- the headwinds are similar when we talk about store wage and payroll costs and supply chain investments. So look, were really pleased with the improvements weve made to HomeGoods bottom line throughout the year. And looking out, were focused on continuing to drive that bottom line.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Dana from Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice results. As we continue to hear about department stores ordering spring down even in some instances, down high single digits. How do you see your merchandising opportunity to take on better brands going forward? And do you see this reduction in orders from other wholesale accounts as a market share tailwind for you to gain share? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Dana, that was a classic -- right in the sweet spot of a merchant question right there. Strategically, I would say, yes and yes. The reduction and their ordering just -- its a little similar to what we spoke about earlier, where were becoming a little more important to most of the brands. And I think with a lot of them talking about cutting back, I think theyre going to look to us as a way to kind of even off that up and down roller coaster ride, which they dont want to typically see in their business. So, we buy in a lot of different ways. And our teams right now and many of those pockets of businesses are in talks with some of these vendors to figure out how to do whats a mutually beneficial, as we actually said in the script, whats been really neat to see, ever since -- it was true prior to COVID, but I think even more so post-COVID, that our buyers are great at figuring out the mutually beneficial way to work with a vendor. And the vendors love our buyers for that reason because we figure out opportunities that are good for them and good for us. And thats -- this is a classic case where this is happening to many pockets of business around it. We think it better positions us. And it also -- were allowed to kind of more tailor it to the brands that we think work to balance off our good, better, best, which I think is also what youre touching on there, indirectly.
Dana Telsey: Do you see new category opportunities too, Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think -- well, probably a couple new or more of expanding ones that have been not nearly as big as they could have been. So, what we see probably -- yes, we always see new ones. But Dana, what were seeing now is weve had some -- again, we dont talk publicly -- we dont announce to competition what are really helped driving our comps because obviously, theyre very healthy. But what were seeing is theres a few categories that have been so good. We are just looking at now in terms of moving even more staff into them, how to even explode them to a much larger degree. And thats how were -- so I would say that is more of whats going on right now. Its a little what youre talking about, but its more about these big families of business that we are really driving increases with. We think we can do even more, by making sure we have the right buying team as I can get market coverage. And by the way, again, I mentioned it earlier on the call, our planning teams are essential. When we explore a category in a department, theyre the ones that help the store, and the stores get it all set up appropriately. They are the ones that really help the stores and the buyers get the goods to the stores in the right manner, to actually drive those sales. So, we have -- two or three categories at a high level, Im thinking of that are going to be huge impact for us for next year. Again, ones were already doing, but nearly not up to the degree we can drive. So, big opportunities.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Simeon from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Simeon Siegel: I just wanted to clarify a prior point, if I could. The HomeGoods e-com costs that you called out, were those costs to close the business in more onetime or were they an impact from losing the volume? I think you had suggested it was the former, but I wanted to confirm that. Because if so, excluding those costs, wasnt HomeGoods margins already up pretty nicely, werent they above pre-pandemic? So I just wanted to check on that. And if that is the case, any reason the HomeGoods margin shouldnt maintain this underlying expansion? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So the costs associated with that were mainly cost to shut the business down. And moving forward, we would expect next year that this would be slightly accretive. I mean, dont forget, the homegoods.com was not a big portion of our overall business, so. But yes, the pace that it is, it would be accretive.
Simeon Siegel: And then, Ernie, any color on where the customer traffic is coming from, any general views on -- again, its hard to do, but segmenting the traffic growth between new and returning customers?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, very broad. In fact, we talk about those. So one of the things that were very bullish about is how broadly and diversified our traffic is from income and age groups, and its very balanced where its been. Obviously, weve had a greater percent of younger customers growing over the last, I dont know, three to five years, I guess, youd say. But of recent, were very happy with how broad the customer traffic draw has been.
John Klinger: Yes. We believe were attracting newer customers to our business, just generally speaking.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, which I think you were just asking about as well. So very -- also a great barometer that were reflecting the younger demos, but in balance, its grown, but its all very balanced by group and income demographics.
Operator: And for the final question today, well go to the line of Ed from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ed Yruma: It seems like you guys have been expanding square footage in category like beauty. It seems like thats getting some traction. I would love to just kind of think broadly about the opportunity there, if youve been kind of making some of those explosions, as youve called them within the category. And kind of what the relationship has been like with those vendors, given that that hasnt historically been an area of focus for off-price? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Ed, you guys are full with good merchant questions and observations today. This is very good. Yes. Thats a good example. You can visibly see it, obviously, right? And what happens in a situation like that is we do show -- its not typical off-price. But as you know, if you walk that area, were showing very strong values and an eclectic mix and one thats changing its classic treasure hunt. And we have a few of those type of businesses around the store. Thats one that youve probably walked in and seen some new fixturing, et cetera. And so, you are touching on the type of business where we really go after it. Those vendor relationships are great. We have buying teams in the beauty area that have really worked well with the market. And theyre always looking for new items and/or SKUs and/or categories within that whole family of business, to continue to do more. I wont talk about the couple of others because we have others within the store that we can explode as well and go after very aggressively. So, I hope that answers your question, though. We have a lot. This is how we look where theres demand and where we can really take market share and offer tremendous value in brands, and that is one of them.
Operator: And that was our final question for today.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Ivy, thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Everybody, take care. Bye.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect, and thank you all for participating.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-08-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Call is being recorded, August 16, 2023.  I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ernie Herrman : Thanks, Sheila. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments. 
Debra McConnell : Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, Form 10-K filed March 29, 2023. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of other non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are also posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you.  And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman : Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John Klinger. I'd like to begin today by once again recognizing our global associates for their dedication to TJX. It is their hard work that brings our business to life every day for our customers. I want to extend a special thank you to our store, distribution and fulfillment center associates for their continued very hard work and commitment to our company.  I want to comment on the wildfires in Maui. We are grateful that our associates in Maui and the rest of Hawaii are safe. And at the same time, are deeply saddened by the devastation and loss. To help with the relief efforts on the ground, we have made a donation to the Maui Food Bank and our local teams are donating essential supplies.  Now to our business update and second quarter results. I am extremely pleased with our second quarter performance as sales, profitability and earnings per share were all well above our plans. I want to highlight that customer traffic drove our 6% overall comp sales increase, and it increased at all of our divisions. As a reminder, for us, customer traffic represents the number of customer transactions.  I am particularly pleased with the performance of our largest division, Marmaxx, which delivered high single-digit increases in both comp sales and customer traffic. Our overall apparel and accessories sales were very strong. And our overall home sales significantly improved and returned to positive comp sales growth. Clearly, our terrific mix of branded, fashionable merchandise and great values resonated with shoppers when they visited our stores.  In terms of profitability, both pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share increased significantly versus last year. Importantly, merchandise margin continues to be very healthy with our above-plan sales and profitability performance in the second quarter, we are raising our full year outlook for comp sales, pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share. John will talk to this in a moment.  We are very pleased with the continued momentum of our business and the excellent execution of our teams across the company. They have been laser-focused on driving sales and traffic and improving profitability. The third quarter is off to a very strong start, and we feel great about our plans for the remainder of the year.  The marketplace is loaded with outstanding buying opportunities and we are confident that we will continue to offer a terrific mix of brands and an outstanding assortment of gifts to our shoppers during the fall and holiday selling seasons. We are convinced that our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and excellent values will continue to serve us well and allow us to capture additional market share across our geographies for many years to come.  Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our second quarter financial results in more detail. 
John Klinger : Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. I'll start with some additional details on the second quarter. As Ernie mentioned, our overall comp store sales well above the high end of our plan and were entirely driven by an increase in customer traffic. We were very pleased to see that both comp store sales growth and customer traffic improved sequentially each month of the quarter.  As we expected, average ticket was down due to merchandise mix, the impact of the lower ticket on sales was largely offset by an increase in units with shoppers putting more items into their cart. This is in line with what we have seen in our business historically. Our overall apparel business, including accessories, continued its momentum with high single-digit comp increase. Overall, home comp sales were up mid-single digits.  TJX net sales grew to $12.8 billion, an 8% increase versus the second quarter of fiscal '23. Second quarter consolidated pre-tax margin of 10.4% was up 120 basis points versus last year. This was well above our plan due to a bigger benefit than we expected from lower freight costs as well as expense leverage on our above-plan sales.  Gross margin was up 260 basis points. This increase was driven by a higher merchandise margin due to the significant benefit from lower freight costs. This year-over-year freight benefit was primarily driven by lower rates as well as a benefit from our freight initiatives and the remainder of our year -- in the remainder of our year-end accrual adjustment. Gross margin also benefited from our inventory and fuel hedges, and expense leverage on a 6% comp increase. Our year-over-year shrink accrual and supply chain investments were headwinds to gross margin in the second quarter.  Second quarter SG&A increased 170 basis points due to a combination of factors. These include higher incentive accruals and due to above planned results, a reserve related to a German government COVID program receivable, incremental store wage and payroll costs and a contribution to The TJX Foundation. Net interest income benefited pre-tax profit margin by 40 basis points versus last year. Lastly, we were very pleased that earnings per share of $0.85 were up 23% versus last year and also well above our expectations.  Now moving to our second quarter divisional performance. At Marmaxx, second quarter comp store sales increased an outstanding 8%, entirely driven by customer traffic. Marmaxx's apparel and home categories both saw high single-digit comp increases. Further, it was great to see comp sales and traffic increases accelerate every month throughout the quarter. Comp sales were very strong across each of Marmaxx's region. We also saw consistent performance across low, mid- and high-income store demographics.  Marmaxx's second quarter segment profit margin was 13.7%, up 80 basis points versus last year, primarily driven by a benefit from lower freight costs as well as expense leverage on the strong sales and strong mark on. We continue to be pleased with the momentum at Marmaxx and are excited about the initiatives we have planned to help us drive sales and traffic for the remainder of the year and beyond.  At HomeGoods, we were very pleased to see second quarter comp store sales increased 4% and a significant increase in our end customer traffic. HomeGoods comp sales and traffic increases also accelerated every month throughout the quarter. I also want to note that our full year plans assume that HomeGoods will continue to comp positively for the second half of the year. HomeGoods second quarter segment profit margin was 8.7%, up 600 basis points and entirely due to benefit -- a benefit from lower freight costs. We remain confident in the long-term opportunities we see to grow both our HomeGoods and HomeSense banners and capture additional share of the U.S. home market.  At Canada, comp store sales were up 1% and customer traffic increased. Segment profit margin was 15%. As the only major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer in Canada, we have a very loyal shopper base in many value-conscious shop customers. We are confident that we are set up well to continue growing our footprint across Canada and attract more customers to our banners.  At TJX International, comp store sales increased 3% and customer traffic was also up. It was great to see comp sales and traffic increases at both our European and Australian businesses. During the quarter, we also launched online shopping in Germany and Austria. Segment profit margin for TJX International on a constant currency basis was 2.1%, which was negatively impacted by over 300 basis points due to the reserve related to the German receivable I spoke to earlier. We are very happy with our overall performance in this division and are confident we can continue to grow our banners in our existing countries and improve profitability.  As to e-commerce, overall, it remains a very small percentage of our business. We continue to add new merchandise to our sites so that shoppers can see something new every time they visit.  Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was down 7% versus the second quarter of fiscal '23. Similar to the first quarter, the year-over-year decline was primarily due to the elevated levels we saw last year from the early arrival of merchandise and a larger in-transit balance as a result of supply chain delays at that time. We feel great about inventory levels in the outstanding buying environment. As Ernie said, the marketplace is loaded with merchandise, and we are well positioned to flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this fall and holiday season.  I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the second quarter, we generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $4.6 billion in cash. In the second quarter, we paid down $500 million of maturing debt and returned $932 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs.  Now I'll turn it back to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman : Thanks, John. I will start by highlighting the key strengths that have allowed TJX to grow successfully through many kinds of retail and economic cycles for nearly five decades. I'm convinced that these core strengths set us apart from many other retailers and will continue to be a tremendous advantage going forward. First is our value leadership. Our goal has always been to offer great value on every item, every day to every customer. At TJX, value is more than just offering consumers a great price. For us, value also means delivering desirable brands, fashionable merchandise and great quality to our shoppers. We believe our value proposition is one of the best in all of retail, and will continue to attract consumers to our retail banners all around the world.  Second, we have developed one of the most flexible brick-and-mortar retail models in the world. The flexibility of our close to need opportunistic buying allows our merchants to quickly react to the hottest trends in the marketplace and adapt to changing consumer preferences. The flexibility of our supply chain and store formats allows us to ship to our stores multiple times a week, merchandise stores individually and flex our floor space to support our ever-changing assortment.  Third, we successfully operate stores across a wide customer demographic. We want to sell to everyone, and we aim to appeal to all value-conscious shoppers and inspire and excite them every time they visit us. The flexibility of our business allows us to curate an assortment of good, better and best merchandise across our stores, and to appeal to shoppers across all income demographic areas.  Next, we have built an expansive vendor universe over many decades and believe we have some of the best relationships in all of retail. This vast network of changing vendors, which numbered approximately 21,000 over the last year, is the reason why we are so confident that there will always be more than enough inventory in the marketplace for us to buy. Our best-in-class buying organization of 1,200-plus merchants does a terrific job selecting the right mix of categories and brands for the right stores to create our fun treasure hunt shopping experience.  We also see the globalness of our business as a tremendous strength. We have built a highly integrated global infrastructure, supply chain and buying organization that we believe would be difficult to replicate. This allows us to leverage our global presence to create a differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience in each country we operate in.  Last, but certainly not least, is our talent. Teaching and talent development have always been priorities at TJX. Through our organization and management teams, we have deep decades-long off-price experience in the U.S. and internationally. I believe that our global talent base will continue to be a tremendous advantage as we continue our growth around the world. I truly believe that the combination of these key strengths and the execution of them, is why we are one of the strongest companies in all of retail and have a very long history of successful performance.  Now I'll briefly highlight the opportunities we see to keep driving sales and traffic in the second half of the year. First, as I said earlier, we are seeing phenomenal product availability across all categories and a wide range of brands. This gives us great confidence that we can bring consumers the right assortment at the right values throughout the fall and holiday season.  Second, we feel great about our store merchandising initiatives that we have planned. We are particularly excited about our gifting initiatives as we continue to focus on being a destination for gifts throughout the year. With our rapidly changing assortment, we believe shoppers will be inspired to visit us frequently to see what's new.  And third, we have very strong marketing campaigns planned. Each of our brands will continue to reinforce our value leadership position through a combination of channels, including digital, television and social media. We believe our compelling campaigns will capture the attention of new consumers while keeping us top of mind with our existing customers.  Moving to profitability. We are extremely pleased that the high end of our adjusted pre-tax profit margin plan for fiscal 2024 now exceeds our previously announced target of 10.6% for fiscal 2025. This is a testament to the hard work and commitment of the entire organization. I want to assure you that we did not be -- that we will not be complacent and we'll strive to continue improving our profitability over the long term.  Before I close, I'd also like to reinforce our deep commitment to acting as a responsible corporate citizen, and I am proud of the work our teams across the globe continue to do. We expect to publish our annual global corporate responsibility report this fall. And I hope you'll take some time to look at our website to learn more about what we are doing.  Summing up, we are very pleased with the momentum we are seeing across the business and the very strong start to the third quarter. We've had excellent performance in the first half of the year, and our teams have put us in a great position for continued success for the remainder of the year. I'm convinced that the characteristics of our flexible off-price business model and the operating expertise within our organization are unmatched.  I am so proud of our culture, which I believe is a major differentiator and a key component of our success. I am extremely confident about the future of TJX and I'm excited about the opportunities we see to capture additional market share and improve profitability in the long term.  Now I'll turn the call back to John to cover our full year and third quarter guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions. 
John Klinger : Thanks, again, Ernie. Before I start, I want to remind you that fiscal '24 calendar includes a 53rd week. Also, as we stated in our press release this morning, we have offered eligible former TJX associates who have not yet commenced their pension benefit, an opportunity to receive a lump sum payout of their vested pension benefit. We anticipate that the impact of this pension payout offer, primarily a noncash settlement charge, could negatively impact fiscal '24 EPS by approximately $0.01 to $0.02, but could be higher or lower depending on participation rates and other factors.  To be clear, any of the guidance we are providing today does not include the potential impact of this pension payout offer. We expect to exclude the impact of this potential settlement charge from our adjusted pre-tax profit margin and EPS results in the third quarter.  Now to our full year guidance. We are now planning an overall comp store sales increase of 3% to 4%. As a reminder, our comp guidance excludes our expected sales from the 53rd week. For the full year, we now expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $53.5 billion to $53.8 billion. This guidance includes approximately $800 million of additional revenue expected from the 53rd week.  As Ernie said, we're increasing our full year profitability guidance. We're now planning full year pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.7% to 10.8%, excluding an expected benefit of approximately 10 basis points from the 53rd week, we now expect adjusted pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.6% to 10.7%. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 90 basis points to 100 basis points versus fiscal '23's adjusted pre-tax profit margin of 9.7%.  Regarding shrink, we continue to be laser-focused on our in-store initiatives while making sure we maintain an enjoyable shopping experience for our customers. At this time, our shrink indicators are leading us to believe that we can continue to plan shrink flat in fiscal '24. As a reminder, we will not know the full effect of our shrink initiatives or the accuracy of our indicators until we do a full annual inventory count at the end of the year.  Moving on, we're planning full year adjusted gross margin on a 52-week basis in the range of 29.4% to 29.5%, a 180 basis points to 190 basis point increase versus last year. We expect virtually all of this increase to be driven by a benefit from lower freight costs. We are also planning a benefit from merchandise margin. This guidance also assumes a continuation of headwinds from our supply chain investments and incremental distribution center wages.  We are very pleased with the level of freight recapture we are seeing given the significant pressure we saw over the prior three years. Our expected freight benefit this year includes a pull forward of most of the benefit we were expecting in fiscal '25. We remain laser-focused and looking at ways to reduce our freight costs. Moving on, we're expecting full year SG&A on a 52-week basis to be approximately 19.1%, a 120 basis point increase versus last year. This expected increase is primarily driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals.  For modeling purposes, we're currently assuming a full year tax rate of 26%, net interest income on a 52-week basis of about $157 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.16 billion shares. As a result of these assumptions, we're increasing our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $3.66 to $3.72. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.56 to $3.62. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 10 -- excuse me, 14% to 16% versus fiscal '23's adjusted earnings per share of $3.11. Lastly, we now expect to open about 125 net new stores in fiscal 2024, an increase of approximately 3%. This reflects a shift of some of our planned fall openings into next year.  Moving to the third quarter. We're planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 3% to 4%. Similar to the second quarter, we expect the comp increase to be driven by customer traffic. We're planning for average ticket to be down less than it was in the second quarter, again, due to merchandise mix. We're also expecting an increase in units sold. We expect third quarter consolidated sales to be in the range of $12.9 billion to $13.1 billion, a 6% to 7% increase over the prior year.  We're planning third quarter pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.5%. We're expecting third quarter gross margin in the range of 30.3% to 30.5%, up 120 basis points to 140 basis points versus last year. We're planning a significant benefit from lower freight costs partially offset by headwinds from supply chain investments, inventory cap and our year-over-year shrink accrual.  We're planning third quarter SG&A of approximately 19.3%, up 130 basis points versus last year. This expected increase is driven by incremental store wage and payroll costs and higher incentive accruals. For modeling purposes, we're currently assuming a third quarter tax rate of 25.3% and net interest income of about $40 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.15 billion shares. We expect third quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.95 to $0.98, up 10% to 14% versus last year's adjusted $0.86. For the fourth quarter, on a 13-week basis, we're planning comp store sales to be up 3% to 4%, adjusted pre-tax margin in the range of 10.3% to 10.5% and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $1 to $1.03. We will provide more detailed guidance for the fourth quarter on our third quarter earnings call.  Before I close, I want to echo Ernie's comments that we continue to see opportunities to further improve profitability over the long term. As always, the best way for us to drive profitability is with outsized sales. We continue to see opportunities to grow sales and traffic and capture additional market share. Further, we remain laser-focused on being even better on buying and retailing the goods and driving merchandise margin.  At the same time, we expect to continue to face headwinds from incremental wage costs and supply chain investments. As usual, we'll give you a detailed annual guidance beyond this year on our February -- on our call in February.  In closing, I want to reiterate that we are very pleased with our -- with the execution of our teams across the company and are confident in our sales and profitability plans. Further, we have a strong balance sheet and are in an excellent financial position to simultaneously invest in the growth of our business and return significant cash to our shareholders.  Now we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person, so we can keep the call on schedule and answer as many questions as we can.  Thanks, and now we'll open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Matthew Boss. 
Matthew Boss : Congrats on a really nice quarter. So Ernie, you cited the third quarter off to a very strong start and tremendous off-price buying opportunities. Could you just elaborate on how traffic and demand progressed over the course of the second quarter, maybe what you've seen in August, across both apparel and home? And then, John, could you just elaborate on the improved bottom line full year outlook as we think about AUR and freight relative to shrink and wages? 
Ernie Herrman : Sure. Matt, good question. Obviously, looking at as the indicator I gave when I said very strong for the Q3 start, which is coming out of Q2 where each month got a little stronger. So we were sequentially stronger throughout Q2 as the quarter went on. And that momentum has now continued into Q3. And I think you were asking about any differentiator between apparel or home, I would tell you when it well. When you have comps like this and you have Marmaxx running such a high comp as they did, as you can imagine, we are we are experiencing health across just about every category in the store.  And in fact, the parallel across the board has been very healthy as has the home area. And I'm talking within Marmaxx because you've seen that HomeGoods from -- remember, Q1 in HomeGoods, we were down 7%, and now we were up 4% in HomeGoods for Q2, which is really a terrific. We had signaled to all of you that we thought there'd be incremental improvement. Clearly, it was even exceeded our expectations. And we are feeling very good about that business also as we go into Q3. So I hope that answered your question. 
John Klinger : And Matt, just to answer the question you had for me. I mean, as far as the back half and full year guidance. We continue to see freight opportunity in our initiatives, obviously, increasing our -- the confidence we have to increase our top line sales gives us the confidence to increase our back half guidance. As far as AUR Look, as far as pricing and merchandise margin, they were in line with our expectations. In the buying environment, it's fantastic. As Ernie said, we continue to see opportunities to take price in certain areas and merchandise margin improvement. We're really pleased at how our strategies this quarter drove our top line and again, gave us the confidence to increase our full year comp. 
Ernie Herrman : John, as I was touching on it in your question, as we talked -- remember, there was a little bit confusion on the last call, and we talked about how our ticket might be down slightly and pretty much it was on our expectations, right in line. And as a result, we drove our top line as we had explained to you in some of our meetings about you can't judge the average ticket and its sales relationship because some of the categories that we were growing in the mix of departments create multiple purchases. And so we're pleased to see it all really went along the lines of what we had discussed back at the end of Q1. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. 
Lorraine Hutchinson : I just wanted to confirm what I think you just said, which was the like-for-like price increases are working and the ticket decline was just mix. And then my question is if you think you're seeing any signs of a trade-down customer coming into any of your banners? 
Ernie Herrman : Lorraine, so we got it. So yes, the like-for-like pricing continues to work. We continue to see opportunity there as we move forward. And again, we do that, as we said from the very beginning, we do that very selectively in certain areas and certain categories and certain items as witnessed by our performance as well as we have another data point, which we measure qualitatively where we measure customer perception of our values.  First of all, we can talk from our turns as well as our sales. But we have another perception point where consumers right now are actually seeing our value perception versus a year ago has actually ticked up a couple of launches. So we're viewed against ourselves as value perception has improved, which tells you it's working. And then a second thing ironically is against the category average, we have improved.  So those are good barometers. We can see it in the metrics though, Lorraine, when you look at our turns and our sales. And where, again, as we've also said, is where we have ever founded an item where it didn't work, we adjust and then we bring that item back to where we think if it needs to work. But our hit rate has been 90-plus percent.  So the second part of your question, again, Lorraine was on the...
Lorraine Hutchinson : Any signs of a trade down consumer? 
Ernie Herrman : Trade down, which hard for us to measure trade down. What I think we would say is store closures as well as, I would say, because in some cases, it's not a trade down or it's a trade over based on the category. So hard for us to measure trade down. What we can feel is capturing market share from other retailers that have closed or downsized in some of their store counts. And I am sure we are getting increased market share because we can see it in some of the categories that we carry. 
John Klinger : Yes. I mean there's been a lot of volatility in the retail environment for a while. And we think we've got strong execution. We feel that we continue to gain that market share. 
Operator: Next, you will hear from Brooke Roach. 
Brooke Roach : With greater visibility to your previous long-term 10.6% FY '25 margin target, can you help contextualize the key drivers of future profit improvement? How are you thinking about the rate and pace of that potential improvement beyond some of these freight recapture opportunities that you've seen this year? 
John Klinger : Yes. Brooke, we're not giving guidance long term right now. But I can say that, as always, we strive to improve all the time, whether it's better buying or expense control, we continue to strive to do better. 
Ernie Herrman : Brooke, I would just also jump in what John said earlier in his notes, is that sales have been a driver in helping us to also leverage. And so as we are capturing the sales, we do believe because we've tried to make our store environment sticky for the customer in terms of here, she really having a great experience there as well as the merchandise. These are the two primary components of get customers while it captures new customers and get customers back. So we believe momentum doesn't just turn off overnight. So I think part of what we're all feeling internally here is as we've captured new and increased additional visits amidst the market share gain we're getting that, that will be also a margin driver for us as we move forward. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Altschwager. 
Mark Altschwager : Great. So maybe just first for John. With respect to the margin guide, if we look at the high end of the guide for Q3 and Q4, it does seem to imply a nice acceleration in Q4. Now I know you've got the benefit from the extra week, you're cycling the shrink accrual so those are some big factors. But I guess, beyond that, maybe what are some of the other factors that we should be mindful of there? 
John Klinger : Yes. So as you saw, we did increase the comp. We feel confident about continuing to drive that top line.  The other thing that is benefiting us -- so in the second quarter and third quarter, we comment on the shrink. So we have just in line with how we accrue, there's an unfavorable impact in the second and third -- first, second and third quarter, and then we have a favorable impact in the fourth quarter. That, along with -- we continue to work on our freight initiatives and continue to try to control those costs as much as we can. 
Mark Altschwager : And maybe a follow-up for Ernie. This is the first quarter in a while where both Marmaxx and HomeGoods are contributing to the positive comps. I know there's some noise still with the comparisons in HomeGoods in the back half. But just bigger picture, how should we be thinking about the contribution from HomeGoods versus Marmaxx and a normalized comp algorithm moving forward? 
Ernie Herrman : Yes. So Mark, obviously, we won't give the exact comp we're thinking further out. However, we do feel we are really hitting pretty much an inflection point in the HomeGoods business, and we're pretty bullish on the back half here that home will continue to improve on the trend versus the trend that you just saw. We're feeling good about the opportunity to continue to improve in our home mix. And to your point, will continue to contribute to the TJX with a combination of -- with HomeGoods and Marmaxx.  Also, just, again, we tend to talk about HomeGoods, specifically, but our home business within our full family stores -- so that's whether in Europe or in Canada and then clearly in T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, our home business there has also -- and those businesses has also improved, also good indicator because we used to talk a few years ago about the fact that home when you roll it all up is a key component of the TJX business. So again, another reason why John and I have talked about as we move forward, that home will continue to be a traffic and sales driver for us over the long term. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Marni Shapiro. 
Marni Shapiro : Congratulations on a great quarter. If you could just talk a little bit, traffic remains your biggest driver and your marketing has been very, very strong. Can you talk a little bit about has it changed the frequency of how often the shopper is coming to your stores? And are you seeing an increase in your shopper shopping across your different your different boxes. I know you continue to co-locate, but I'm curious if you're seeing that shopper really move from one concept to the next more than usual? 
John Klinger : Yes. It's hard for us to read that in detail. Just generally looking at the transaction increases that we have, we believe that we are attracting more new customers to our brands. And when you look at how we're attracting those customers. They tend to be more younger customers, the more Gen Z customers that we're attracting, which we're really excited about because that speaks to the longevity that we see, so. 
Ernie Herrman : Yes, Marni, the thing I can tell you, even though we can't get some of that in for -- the ones that are cross-shopping do spend more. So it is a goal of ours to go after that. As John said, we have been attracting a disproportionate number of new Gen Z and millennial shoppers, which is what we really look at in terms of future growth because that's the future higher spend. So when we look out on our strategies for five to seven years, that -- and by the way, we purposely go after that.  We do compare -- what we do get at, we can compare our shoppers against some of the competition. There's some general data on that, that we look at. And we've been feeling really good about all gender and age groups to our stores and all the customers that are skewing younger, and that includes in Europe, Australia, domestically. 
Marni Shapiro : And then just a quick follow-up, though I do John must be watching Alabama Rush on TikTok because you guys are all over it, and they all shop there, those Gen Zers. But could you just clarify the 53rd week revenue number? I think you said it pretty quickly. I want to make sure I got it down right. 
John Klinger: Yes. So the 53rd week is worth 10 basis points to our pre-tax profit $0.10 to our earnings per share, and it's about $800 million on the top line. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Stratton. 
Alex Straton : Congrats on another great quarter, Ernie and John. I think just starting with the guidance from like zooming out here, it looks like you're improving the full year by more than what you guys just beat by. So it seems like you're more optimistic on the back half than maybe you were when we spoke a few months ago. So can you just talk about what the key drivers are there to that increased optimism? 
John Klinger : We beat Q2 by $0.10, and we're beating -- we're increasing the back half by $0.04. And that's on increasing the comp from a 2% to 3% to 3% to 4%, given the strength we see in our sales. And then as far as our freight initiatives, we feel we -- the opportunities that we took in Q2, we're assuming that we continue in the year. And again, we're pulling forward a lot of what we -- within FY '25, but we're really happy to be gaining that benefit this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul. 
Robert Drbul : Just a couple of questions. On apparel and accessories, in terms of what you're seeing and sort of what the consumer is responding to, is there a big good better best mix that is sort of helping you throughout this quarter and then the rest of the year? 
Ernie Herrman : Great question, Bob. Not really a big change again, there has been an amazing -- what I used to script phenomenal availability across really all the areas. I would tell you there are pockets sometimes in categories where we don't get good, better, best as proportionate, but that's our business. So we always know that we're not going to be exact because we're opportunistic in our buying -- our buyers are great on -- in terms of strategically and knowing that they want their mix to be a certain balance depending on the category, by the way.  So for example, our buyer and handbags doesn't necessarily want the same ratio of good, better, best, determined by brands, et cetera, the buyer and women's tops, okay? So that varies, but we have been pretty healthy, I would say, other than in certain pockets of certain areas and accessories. It's been a little bit more of an up and down and an imbalance.  So we always look at that as an opportunity for the following year because when we have those pockets, as you can see, we just ran a 6 comp. And we still have those pockets of opportunity where we don't have the mix balanced exactly the way we want it to be, and even in some apparel areas. We ran into that in the second quarter that they weren't as strong as they could be if the mix was more balanced and good, better, best, the way that we want it to be.  So it's funny, your question brings we could spend a couple of hours on it because we -- and the merchants, we love to talk about how we go about doing that. And we also know that certain quarters, we look better than other quarters. But as you can see in the total picture, we look really strong and the merchants have done across a vast array, and you could never find a quarter where there isn't one area that doesn't have a little imbalance. For the most part, really strong balance of good, better, best. Nothing's really changed strategically on that front just a great question you asked. 
John Klinger : And by the way, I'll just add to what Ernie said. Our ability to offer good, better and best, I mean, really differentiates us from our competition, and we feel it's a real competitive advantage. 
Ernie Herrman : That's a great point. I didn't get into that as much on the script. And I know it sometimes in our different investor meetings, we get to talk more about it. But it is I think one of the most key strategic advantages we have. A, the fact that our organization is set up to deliver a good, better, best scenario. And if you look, most retailers around us, very few do that. They're not -- they're zeroing in on certain demographic segments or certain, which could include age or fashion looks or different price levels. And we don't do that. And I think that will continue to be a benefit to us over the next five to 10 years, huge. 
Operator: Next, you will hear from Dana Telsey. 
Dana Telsey : Congratulations on the terrific results. As you think about the real estate profile of the store, have you been a beneficiary of any of the Bed Bath & Beyond locations? And is there at all a difference in performance of the stores, suburban or urban? And then lastly, with the improving trend in HomeGoods, how much of that? Or is anything you can green from the elimination of the departure of Bed Bath & Beyond, that's also an additive and share enhancement for your home results? 
John Klinger : Yes, Dana, thanks for the question. As far as the real estate opportunity, we've been -- we've been on this from the beginning of when retailers start to close stores, and we take the best locations that fit our profile. And we'll continue to do that as we see stores close. As far as the sales and what we've seen, particularly for Marmaxx, we saw very consistent sales performance across income demographic, across geography. And we see ourselves, especially in some of these markets that are more rural is the -- as you see more and more closures as the department store of those areas and see opportunity.  So as far as the Bed Bath & Beyond gaining market share, they've been losing market share for quite a while, and we think we've gained it along the way. So it's sometimes a little bit hard to read that, but we feel that our execution in home has been outstanding, and we've been able to take that market share as it comes up. 
Ernie Herrman : Yes. So Dana, we think, to John's point, tough to measure, but we feel as though, yes, we are getting from a Bed Bath & Beyond or -- but not just those guys, even some of the I believe we're getting some business from the online home retailers as well that have been a little inconsistent in their execution. I think that just creates other opportunities.  And then everyone -- that's at the store end for demand, we're talking. The other great -- not great. The other good thing is it creates additional supply of buying opportunities. We've been talking today about at the retail level, customers need another place to shop. But for our merchants, they get to take advantage of additional supply and we mean even more now to certain vendors because now they have less places for them to sell their goods. So that's been equally, I guess, beneficial. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Corey Tarlowe. 
Corey Tarlowe : I had a follow-up on the AUR commentary or ticket I know that it moderated a little bit this quarter. Is the expectation in the guide that it should moderate throughout the rest of the year or perhaps inflect positively as we head into the fourth quarter? And then just as a follow-up on wages. How are you thinking about wages, John, in the outlook throughout the remainder of this year? 
Ernie Herrman : Do you want to take -- I'll start with actually wages. I'll start with wage. Wages, we continue to see that as a headwind in our wages. We're going to be competitive in our wages in every market that we're in. And when we look at our attrition rates, our attrition rates are in line or improving with where they were last year. So we feel really good at where our wage is right now and our ability to attract associates to our company. 
John Klinger : On the ticket query. So yes, in Q2, we actually didn't moderate. It kind of came in pretty much where we expected. It's as we move to the back half, the ticket, we think, is going to moderate, which is to be down a little less than we were in Q2. However, I always like to qualify this that we do not -- and again, I've talked this way for years, we do not top down, drive our average ticket.  So the average ticket, which is really ultimately voted on by the customers, who determine which categories we need to drive hard in the store by supplying them. And we can tell by the way they're selling. And by the way, the market looks so that we'll go after them. It's driven by down at the buyer and merchandise manager level, which is where we really generate.  We don't dictate to those teams which categories to have more or less of. That's really driven by consumer demand, which then drives our ticket sometimes because of the mix of the apartments. So right now, we look like we're moderating based on the on order. But if certain opportunities or certain categories get hotter, that could be lower or higher ticket, that could move a little on us. Obviously, Q3, we can project a little better than Q4.  So it's always a bit of a touchy one where we don't want to overcommit how firm we are and where the AUR is heading because it's so bottom up by customer demand and buyer driven. Does that make sense? 
Dana Telsey : Yes. That's very helpful. 
Ernie Herrman : Yes. But we -- right now, it looks like it is moderating or certainly Q3. 
John Klinger : And what we mean by moderating, mean down less. 
Ernie Herrman : Is down less. 
John Klinger : And you can see the impact of our top line on the strategy that we've had. I mean, we're offering the customers what they want, and they're coming back. 
Operator: And our final question of the day comes from Adrienne Yih. 
Adrienne Yih: Great. And it's great to see the acceleration in all divisions actually. So Ernie 
Ernie Herrman : Thanks you.
Adrienne Yih : You're welcome. Obviously, my question is, talking about inventory. So I actually want to ask not so much about the composition of it, but the buying strategy, off-price buys little bit upfront. We've got great visibility on the open to buy forward looking and then you do a lot of buying sort of intra-season. And so just can you contextualize sort of how that is so different from last year and the advantageous position that is putting you in as you headed to holiday? 
Ernie Herrman : Sure, Adrienne. I like the way you framed it all up. So we do not -- obviously, we won't give the percentages by those types of buying pours the way we buy by each one, however, we do buy all those different ways. Right now, we are mission as always, is to pace ourselves on the buying of the in-season closeouts because the market is so loaded.  So as we move forward, right now, what we're thinking, Adrienne, is we will pull back even a little bit more on any of the buys that we tend to buy earlier or upfront because all indicators are there will be a continued additional supply, at least over the next six to 12 months of what you were just referring to as the in-season closeout type of situation.  The packaways is kind of varied. That has become a smaller percent of our business only because, in many cases, the fashion there, if it isn't right, we don't tend to pack it away. But the pattern of what we're seeing right now would tell us we're going to be even a little bit -- and now I'm talking massaging these by just a couple of points. We don't do pendulum swings on our open to buy or how much we do upfront versus leaf for closeouts. Again, the closeouts and the opportunistic side of our business, that's the bulk of our business, and that's what we prioritize. And we see that, I would think, kicking up a notch over the next six to 12 months. I hope that answers your question. 
Operator: That was our final question of the day. 
Ernie Herrman : Okay. Thank you. I would like to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to updating you all again on our third quarter earnings call in November. Take care, everybody. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-05-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded as of today, May 17, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Ivy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2023. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited in the violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of other non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are also posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John Klinger. Id like to begin today by recognizing our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication. It is our associates who bring our business to life everyday for our customers and I want to thank them for their strong commitment to our business especially our store, distribution and fulfillment center associates. Now to our firs quarter results. I am very pleased with our strong sales and are well above planned profitability. Our 3% overall comp sales growth was at the high-end of our plan and driven by an increase in customer traffic. I am particularly pleased with the performance at Marmaxx, which delivered mid single-digit increases in both comp store sales and customer traffic. Further, we saw comp sales and traffic increases at both of our international divisions. I also want to highlight the continued strength of our apparel and accessories businesses across the company. In terms of profitability, both pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share increased versus last year and well exceeded our expectations. Importantly, merchandise margin was very healthy. With our strong profitability performance in the first quarter, we are raising both our full year pre-tax profit margin and earnings per share guidance. John will talk to this in a moment. Our first quarter results are a testament to the strength and resiliency of our flexible off-price business model. I am very pleased with the excellent execution of our teams across the company whose collective efforts brought our shoppers great values and a compelling treasure hunt shopping experience everyday. Our buyers took advantage of amazing deals in the marketplace and the organization flowed product to the right stores at the right time and did a great job of merchandising the product, delivering on customer satisfaction and marketing. We are happy with our good start to the second quarter and are in a great position to take advantage of the phenomenal buying environment and ship fresh selections to our stores and online. Going forward, we are excited about the opportunities we see to gain market share in the U.S. and internationally and continue to improve the profitability of TJX. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to John to cover our first quarter financial results in more detail.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie and good morning everyone. I also want to add my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Ill start with some additional details on the first quarter. As Ernie mentioned, our overall comp store sales increased 3% at the high end of our plan. This comp sales increase was driven by customer traffic, with average ticket up for the quarter. Again, our overall apparel business, including accessories, continued its momentum with comp growth up mid single-digits. Overall, home sales were down as we continue to cycle the outsized sales we saw during the pandemic. TJX net sales grew to $11.8 billion, a 3% increase versus the first quarter of fiscal 23. On a constant currency basis, first quarter sales were up 5%. First quarter consolidated pre-tax profit margin of 10.3% was up 90 basis points versus last years adjusted 9.4% and well above our plan. Gross margin was up 100 basis points and driven by an increase in merchandise margin. The benefit from lower freight cost was significantly more than we expected. Once again, mark-on was strong due to better buying. Unfavorable hedges, our year-over-year shrink accrual and supply chain investments were headwinds to the gross margin in the first quarter. As a reminder, we are planning to shrink flat in fiscal 24 versus fiscal 23. Our plans this year assume an expected headwind in the first, second and third quarters and an expected benefit in the fourth quarter. SG&A increased 60 basis points. Less than half of this increase was due to incremental store wage costs. And net interest income benefited pre-tax profit margin by 50 basis points. I want to note that our above plan pre-tax profit margin performance was primarily driven by an unanticipated benefit from a freight accrual adjustment, better-than-expected freight rates in our freight initiatives as well as the timing of some expenses. Lastly, we are very pleased that earnings per share of $0.76 were up 12% versus last years adjusted $0.68 and also well above our expectations. Moving to our first quarter divisional performance. At Marmaxx, first quarter comp store sales increased a very strong 5% over a 3% increase last year. We are very pleased to see a mid single-digit increase in Marmaxxs customer traffic. Once again, Marmaxxs apparel business, including accessories, had a high single-digit comp increase. Marmaxxs first quarter segment profit margin was 14%, up 80 basis points versus last year. We are extremely pleased with the momentum of our largest division as sales and traffic were consistent across each of Marmaxxs regions. We continue to see an excellent opportunity for Marmaxx to capture additional market share across the U.S. HomeGoods first quarter comp store sales decreased 7% as it continues to cycle the outsized sales we saw during the pandemic, specifically fiscal 2022s first quarter 40% comp sales increase. HomeGoods first quarter segment profit margin was 7.3%, up 130 basis points. We expect HomeGoods year-over-year comp sales to improve for the remainder of fiscal 24. We continue to see a terrific opportunity to capture additional share of the U.S. home market. In the first quarter, we opened our 900th HomeGoods store and continue to see excellent opportunities to grow both our HomeGoods and Homesense banners. At TJX Canada, comp store sales were up 1% and driven by customer traffic. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 11.2%. As the only major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer in Canada, we benefit from excellent customer awareness of our brands. We continue  we are confident that we are set up extremely well to continue our growth plans and attract even more shoppers to our banners. At TJX International, comp store sales increased 4% and customer traffic was also up. It was great to see strong sales in our European business especially in a challenging macroeconomic environment. In Australia, comp store sales were outstanding and continue to grow, and we continue to grow our footprint in that country. Segment profit margin for TJX International on a constant currency basis was 2.7%. Going forward, we continue to see a path to improve profitability for this division as we plan to grow our footprint in our existing countries and leverage our infrastructure. As to e-commerce, overall, it remains a very small percentage of our business. We continue to add new brands and categories to our sites, so that shoppers can see something new every time they visit. Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was down 8% versus first quarter of fiscal 23. Importantly, this year-over-year decline is primarily due to the elevated levels we saw last year from a larger in-transit balance as a result of supply chain delays. We feel great about our balance sheet and store inventory levels. We are confident that we are strongly positioned to take advantage of the outstanding buying environment and flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this summer. Ill finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the first quarter, we generated $745 million in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $5 billion in cash. After the quarter ended, we paid down $500 million of maturing debt. In the first quarter, we returned $841 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now Ill turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. Today, Id like to highlight our confidence in our growth plans and why we are convinced that we are in a great position to capture additional market share in the U.S. and internationally. First, we are confident that the appeal of our value proposition will continue to resonate with consumers. Over the past 46 plus years, our continued focus on value has served us extremely well through many kinds of economic environments, including periods of inflation and through recessionary times. In an ever-evolving retail landscape, we believe our commitment to offer great value every day will continue to attract shoppers to each of our retail banners. Second, we see our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience as a tremendous advantage. Our stores receive multiple deliveries each week of fresh, branded merchandise to surprise and excite our customers. With our rapidly changing assortment, shoppers are inspired to visit us frequently to see whats new. Third, we see ourselves as leaders in flexibility. The flexibility of our buying allows us to seek out the best opportunities and hottest trends in the marketplace. Our store formats and fixtures allow us to flex our floor space to support our opportunistic buying. Further, our systems and the flexibility of our supply chain allow us to merchandise stores individually with a curated mix of good, better and best brands with a wide span of price points. All of this allows us to attract consumers across wide income and age demographics in each of the countries that we operate in. Our broad demographic reach across income levels can open up even more opportunities for us in the product marketplace. Further, we continue to attract an outsized number of younger customers to our stores including many Gen Z and millennial shoppers, which we believe bodes well for the future. We believe our ability to flex our product offerings across a vast array of category brands helps us attract a wider shopping audience than many other retailers. Next, we see the potential to grow our global store base by more than 1,400 additional stores over the long term with just our current banners in our current countries. Giving us confidence are the opportunities we see for real estate and our disciplined approach to selecting locations. Next and I cant emphasize this enough, we are extremely confident that there will be more than enough inventory available in the marketplace to support our growth plans. Over the last year, our more than 1,200 global buyers have sourced merchandise from a universe of approximately 21,000 vendors, including many new ones. Overall availability of quality branded merchandise has never been an issue for us throughout our history as vendors and brands continue to produce goods from multiple channels, including in-store, online and direct-to-consumer. In fact, many vendors want to work with TJX due to our size, scale and buying power. As a growing global retailer with nearly 5,000 stores, we offer vendors a very attractive way to grow their business and clear their excess inventory quickly and discretely. Lastly, I truly believe that the depth of our off-price knowledge and expertise within TJX is unmatched. We have a highly differentiated global business and have developed a specialized talent and teams to support it. We have many leaders with decades of off-price experience and remain focused on developing newer associates and the next generation of leaders within our organization. We take great pride in our TJX University and other training programs. Our deep bench allows us to deploy teams where needed and rotate talent between divisions and geographies, all of which strengthens our company as we continue to pursue our goals for growth. As I look at the retail industry today, I believe our best-in-class organization is a major advantage. Moving to profitability. Again, we are extremely pleased with our well above planned first quarter performance and have increased our pre-tax profit margin expectations for fiscal 2024. We are confident about our ability to achieve our 10.6% pre-tax profit margin target by fiscal 25 and we will continue to strive to exceed it over the long term. Turning to corporate responsibility. We continue to focus our global corporate responsibility reporting under 4 key pillars: Workplace, communities, environmental sustainability and responsible business. We recently updated our corporate website, TJX.com, with our 2022 efforts across several of these areas. We encourage you to look more on our website, and we expect to release our updated global corporate responsibility report later this year. I am also proud to share that TJX was recently named to Newsweeks list of Americas Greatest Workplaces for Diversity for 2023 as well as Forbes Magazines list of Americas Best Employers for Diversity. As always, Im grateful to our teams around the globe for the work they do to support our global corporate responsibility efforts. Summing up, our strong first quarter results highlight the continued appeal of our branded merchandise, terrific values and the excellent execution across the organization. I want to again recognize and thank all of our global associates whose collective efforts drove our strong performance. We feel great about our plans for the remainder of the year. While our business is not immune to macro factors, I am convinced that the characteristics and flexibility of our off-price business model and the depth of our organizations expertise will remain important advantages. Looking ahead, I am convinced that we have a long runway for growth and are set up well to capitalize on the opportunities we see to drive sales and traffic, improve profitability and capture market share going forward. Now, Ill turn the call back to John to cover our full year and second quarter guidance, and then well open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. Before I start, I want to remind you that fiscal 24 calendar includes a 53rd week. Also, as we stated in our press releasing, we will be offering eligible former TJX associates who have not yet commenced their pension benefit an opportunity to receive a lump sum payout of their vested pension benefit. We anticipate that the impact of this pension payout offer, primarily a non-cash settlement charge, could negatively impact fiscal 24 EPS by approximately $0.01 to $0.02, but could be higher or lower depending on participation rates and other factors. To be clear, all of the guidance we are providing today does not include the potential impact of this pension payout offer. We expect to exclude the impact of this potential settlement charge from our adjusted pre-tax profit margin and EPS results in the third quarter. Now to our full year guidance. We continue to expect an overall comp store sales increase of 2% to 3%. As a reminder, our comp guidance will exclude expected sales from the 53rd week. For the full year, we expect consolidated sales to be in the range of $52.7 billion to $53.2 billion, a 6% to 7% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes approximately $800 million of additional revenue expected from the 53rd week. As Ernie said, we are increasing our full year profitability guidance. Were now planning full year pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.5%. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately 10 basis points from the 53rd week, we now expect adjusted pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 50 to 70 basis points versus fiscal 23 adjusted pre-tax profit margin of 9.7%. Our full year pre-tax profit margin guidance assumes that we will now see a benefit of more than 100 basis points from lower freight expenses. Our current freight assumption includes a pull forward of some of the benefit we previously  we expected in FY 25. This includes favorable freight rates and benefits from some of our freight initiatives. These, along with the freight accrual favorability in the first quarter that I mentioned earlier, is driving the increase in our full year freight benefit assumption. Our full year pre-tax profit margin guidance also assumes that we will see a continued benefit from better buying and that we continue to have in that we will continue to have headwinds from incremental store and distribution center wages and supply chain investments. Further, this pre-tax profit margin guidance continues to assume that shrink will remain similar to last year. In the first quarter, we took actions to secure more of our store merchandise through tagging, tethering and casing. We also increased our loss prevention presence more broadly across our banners. We are laser-focused on our shrink initiatives and continue to look for additional ways to mitigate the impact. As a reminder, we wont know the full effect of these actions until we do a full annual inventory count at the end of the year. For modeling purposes, were currently assuming a full year tax rate of 26%, net interest income of about $135 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $1.16 billion. As a result of these assumptions, were increasing our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of $3.49 to $3.58. Excluding an expected benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.48. On a 52-week basis, this would represent an increase of 9% to 12% versus fiscal 23 adjusted earnings per share of $3.11. Moving to the second quarter. We are planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%. We expect second quarter consolidated sales to be in the range of $12.3 billion to $12.4 billion, a 4% to 5% increase over the prior year. We are planning second quarter pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 9.3% to 9.5%. This guidance assumes a significant benefit from lower freight costs as well as a benefit from better buying. It also includes ongoing headwinds from incremental wage costs and supply chain investments. When looking at our second quarter pre-tax profit margin guidance sequentially versus the first quarter, I want to remind you that our first quarter pre-tax profit margin benefited from a favorable freight accrual adjustment that wont repeat in the second quarter. Further, in the second quarter, we are expecting a reversal of most of the first quarter timing of expense benefit that  as well as a bigger impact from wage costs and supply chain investments. For modeling purposes, we are currently assuming a second quarter tax rate of 26.2%, net interest income of about $37 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $1.16 billion. We expect second quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.75, up 4% to 9% versus last year. Lastly, on a 52-week basis, our implied guidance for the second half of the year assumes that pre-tax profit margin will be in the range of 10.6% to 10.8%. Our outlook also implies that overall comp store sales growth will be up 2% to 3%, and on a 52-week basis, earnings per share will be in the range of $1.91 to $1.97 for the second half of the year. In closing, I want to emphasize that we are in a great position, both operationally and financially to take advantage of the opportunities we see to grow our business. We plan to continue making important investments in our business while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, we ask that you please limit your questions to one per person so we can keep the call on schedule and answer as many questions as we can. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. Pease go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could walk through some of the specific pressures that youre seeing on SG&A this year? Any quantification would be helpful because the growth rates a little bit higher than normal. And then if you could perhaps comment on which of these expenses will continue into next year versus some more one-time type of investment? Thank you.
John Klinger: Yes. Thanks, Lorraine. So were not giving guidance, but I will walk you through some of the components. As I said in my prepared comments, we continue to have incremental store wage, but for the full year, we expect this incremental wage pressure to be less than half of our anticipated SG&A increase. The rest of the cost is in a number of smaller headwinds such as general cost inflation, return to normal cost that includes such things as increased travel, and investments in loss prevention.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will go to the line of Matthew Boss. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. And congrats on a really nice quarter.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Matthew Boss:
[27:20]brawning:
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Traffic  Matt, great questions. Traffic has been healthy overall. It was pretty consistent, and one of the things were looking at, and this is a good opportunity for me to give you a heads up, is our ticket has started to moderate a little bit. And so we can  were doing this business off of our traffic, which we said in the release, and its not being driven as much by ticket when we had our average ticket being up. Its also encouraging when we look at the way our HomeGoods business is starting to rebound a little bit, were seeing relative to the trend we had before where traffic was down quite a bit, were seeing the traffic kind of pick up there more recently as well. So these are healthy signs. Were very bullish on these signs. We do not manage average ticket by the way. Obviously, weve talked about that, Matt. I know weve talked in the past where we bottom up that in the company, and that we want to just drive it off of the exciting values that are in the store and the traffic, for what you were talking about. New customers, I think that was kind of part B of your question, new customer, talking to like new customer acquisition that were getting in this environment. Is that what youre getting at? Or
Matthew Boss: Yes, exactly. If you could just elaborate on new customer acquisition, who youre seeing as new, I think you cited a younger customer, and a broad
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And then I think you were talking about the demos, how I had talked about the different good, better, best and income levels, right? So  but were getting a good amount of younger customers or a percent of our new customers are on the younger age group. Thats been going on for a while now. Were also  we dont want to be  we really dont want to be pigeonholed into any group of income demographics or how this fashion looks, whether conservative, traditional. We want customers from all demographics, income and even fashion looks. The one thing thats a constant denominator which all our merchants go after is quality. So we consistently talk about the quality level of the goods that our buyers buy and what we put on the floor that we never give up on that. What does fluctuate is the fashion and the income, good, better, best. Which I think has been competitive advantage to us in gaining new younger customers, yes, but also customers across the board. When you look at the competition around us, and Im not talking just off-price, many of them dont trade broadly like us. So they are very narrow in the scope of what they go for either in the looks of the goods or in the price bracket that they are in. They either go after a lower, better demographic/price point range or they are more fashion-driven or more  they are never all of it. And our strategy and we believe, by the way, that this is linked with us driving more traffic, is to have good, better, best to capture more of the potential customers that are out there. And then I would throw in one of the things  you didnt ask about it, but our marketing teams, as you know, specifically and consciously do that in our marketing approach where, of course, we have upped our digital media to a much greater degree over the last handful of years which gets across many demographics. But they are actually going for different looks of customers, and the placement of the working media that we do is meant to go after different customers as well where I saw the retailers purposely place their working media in segments that are going after a certain customer base. We are very strategic and conscious and purposeful about where we go with our media spend. So great question. Sorry, Ive given you a lot of information there, but you were getting to some of the meat of why we have a lot of confidence in our top line going forward.
Matthew Boss: Its great color. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Paul Lejuez. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a follow-up on that last bit, Ernie, can you talk about the performance of your higher-income demographic stores versus your lower-income demographic stores? And Im curious if you would say that you are seeing a trade down customer at this point? And then just anything you could add on regional performance, any differences there? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Paul, what were seeing in the first quarter is what we were seeing similar to the first quarter of last year. So through the first three quarters of last year, as we said, we were seeing stores in higher demographic areas being more of the driver of our comp. As we  and thats what were seeing in the first quarter as well. As far as by geography, Marmaxx by geography was pretty consistent, so it was really nice to see the consistency that were seeing in the business.
Paul Lejuez: Any more  any detail you can give by state, like some of your larger states in terms of outperformers or underperformers?
Ernie Herrman: By geography, it was pretty consistent. And again, its hard for us to read into trade down and what were seeing. There is just so many moving things that are going on right now that its just tough to read. But like I said, we are seeing the higher demographic stores, stores in higher demographic areas performing  being more of the driver of our comp in Marmaxx.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Alex Straton. Please go ahead.
Alex Straton: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to zoom in on Marmaxx here. It looks like the margin outpaced expectations. Also, looks like it was one of the highest you guys have delivered there for a first quarter in a number of years. So Im just wondering, is that a function of some of the price increase strategy flowing through? Or what would you attribute that result to? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Well, Ill start off, and John will jump in as well. I think its multipronged. Weve had a pricing strategy, sales being healthy, markdowns certainly are part of that margin. John, do you want to jump in?
John Klinger: Obviously, lower freight cost
Ernie Herrman: Lower freight favorability, yes, freight cost favorability.
John Klinger: Thats essentially
Ernie Herrman: Yes, thats it.
John Klinger: Honestly, and we will reiterate, we feel good about the expected level of freight expense recapture and the continued opportunity we have in better buying.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Alex, Ill throw something else. And on Marmaxx is, as you could see by the strong performance, we  on sales, we show it as a 5. It was a very strong 5. And we really like the positioning on open-to-buy. They are the big ships. We like the open-to-buy that we have there and the liquidity because the markets as we talked about, have been  they are just really flooded with a lot of inventory across many brands. And so that, combined with the fact of the good, better, best advantage that we have and our teams are  we have so much long-tenured merchants in that world and planning and allocation teams that were really able to leverage the market, I think, better than a lot of other retailers to achieve some of these merchandise margins that are driving their profit performance. Again, a lot of the other retailers cant bob and weave as much because they are not as broad as we are. So it gives us more retailing play, I think, in surgically addressing the retails as we do.
Alex Straton: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Brooke Roach. Please go ahead.
Brooke Roach: Good morning. And thank you for taking our question. I was wondering if you could provide a bit more color on the drivers of the freight outperformance and what youre seeing between ocean and domestic freight as you enter the new contract year? How much of this better freight outlook for the fiscal year is a pull forward from FY 25? And how does this impact your view on the recapturability of the approximately 300 bps of freight pressure versus pre-COVID levels? Thank you.
John Klinger: Yes. So were not going to get into the detail of the pull forward other than to say that we did have some operational initiatives that gave us some benefit earlier than expected. But basically, where were seeing the freight favorability versus last year is primarily in ocean rates. So the ocean rates have come down significantly, the freight initiatives that weve implemented such as more intermodal, more premier carriers on our roots, and were seeing less port congestion as well. And were seeing  at the beginning of the year when we did our plans, we put something in our plans on the  as I said in the fourth quarter, the domestic contracts. But honestly, the majority is coming from the ocean. The domestic, the costs are a little stickier. The wage rates that have been implemented particularly in rail and truck, those arent going to come back out. So we dont anticipate, at this time, huge domestic freight favorability. But again, the initiatives that were putting in place to mitigate our freight expenses, were very happy with. So as far as the recapture, we dont expect to recapture the full 300 basis points of incremental faith that we saw over the last 3 years.
Brooke Roach: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Laura Champine. Please go ahead.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to get a little bit of clarity on the expense shift given that Q1 margins were better, but the Q2 guide is a little bit lighter. So can you help quantify the drivers that are just timing-related?
John Klinger: Yes. So as far as Q2, so we did have a favorable timing of costs in the first quarter. And those  the majority of those will reverse out in the second quarter. We are planning 330 basis points improvement over last year, and again, the lower freight  we anticipate lower freight benefit in the second quarter because the first quarter, we had the accrual reversal that benefited us in the first quarter. And then of course, higher wage and supply chain investment costs start in the second quarter. So those are the main reasons for the  when you look at Q1 versus Q2.
Laura Champine: And did you quantify what the Q1 impact was from the freight accrual reversal?
John Klinger: No, we did not.
Laura Champine: Okay, got it.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Aneesha Sherman. Please go ahead.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you. I want to ask a little bit more about your traffic patterns through the quarter. I know you talked about overall seeing an increase and not seeing differences by geography. What about through the quarter and your exit rates at the end of the quarter? Did you see it pick up throughout the quarter? And last Q2, you talked about traffic being down and basket being up. It sounds like now, you are seeing those trends reverse where your traffic is up and your basket is coming down a little bit where ticket is starting to moderate. Is that consistent into Q2 as well? Thank you.
John Klinger: Yes. We havent given any guidance on Q2 as far as what we are seeing other than where we have got a good start. And we have said that the sales in Marmaxx were pretty consistent by month. Does that answer your question?
Aneesha Sherman: Yes. Well, could you give a bit more color on the components of that? The traffic and the basket through, are those all consistent by month as well?
John Klinger: No, we are not giving that detail other than to say, on the quarter, the transactions drove the comp.
Aneesha Sherman: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think Aneesha, maybe part of this question is related to one before I have talked about. We could have  I guess I am giving you a little preview that we could have our ticket coming down a notch from where its been a point or 2 points, but thats related  thats going forward, and thats just a bit of a heads up for everybody. The ticket could come down, I dont know, a couple of points, and thats really more based on a merchandise mix variance within the store. So, when our mix is certain mixes, we get more growth in a lower ticket area, which is happening. And again, thats what I was trying to say before. We dont drive the bus on. We dont determine that. We want to do whatever drives our top line sales the most. Thats our priority. And the pricing throughout the store is a bottom-up pricing strategy where our buyers, literally, they make the deals at the right and they assign the right value there. But I understand the question because we were talking about the traffic and then the ticket. The ticket is really just me giving you a heads up that it could come down a couple of points. Based on what we are seeing in some of our hotter businesses are tending to be our lower ticket, and that mix just could bring our ticket down a little over the next quarter or two quarters.
Aneesha Sherman: Very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Chuck Grom. Please go ahead.
Chuck Grom: Hey. Thanks for that. Great quarter. Just wanted to focus on HomeGoods a little bit, you talked about a recovery throughout the quarter there. So, I just wanted to if we could dive into that a little bit? And then given the pending closing of some of these Bed Bath stores, wondering if you decide to reposition the business to pursue that market share opportunity in greater quantity going forward?
Ernie Herrman: Okay. So, yes, so the  Chuck, whats happening is we are seeing an improvement in the business here as we were coming out of Q1 and going into Q2 on a year-over-year comp basis. And if you look, we actually commented on seeing that  seeing continuous improvement there as the year goes on over the next three quarters. And so we do feel that opportunity based on what we are actually experiencing with our sales more recently. Again, we dont give out exactly what we did by month in the quarter, but I can only say that as we got to the end of the quarter and as we started off this quarter, it was improving, the trend. In the Bed Bath & Beyond situation, whats interesting is a lot of articles, many of you have probably seen them, that have come out that are referring directly to us has been in HomeGoods as being beneficiaries. We believe, and we always talked, we never like to name the other retailers where its happening. But we do strongly believe that that creates market share opportunities and market grab for us. And I think what you are talking about is are we  you are asking about, are we doing anything in our stores to capitalize, what we do within our own systems here, and HomeGoods is very diligent on this. Strategically, we will go in and we are able to do this with our planning and allocation system where we can look at which categories in Bed Bath & Beyond store, obviously, we know what they did for category business, and we can go in and re-rank our HomeGoods stores and inventory at the nearby location where they have just vacated. And thats how  we dont artificially change proactively without knowing. We dont just go in and say, oh, we should do more of this category of business because thats what Bed Bath & Beyond did. We did it by location and by the category of businesses we think they stood for. And we say, yes, there is more market share opportunity for us in those categories. So, we are taking advantage of that situation, to your point, so great question. We  but we do it very select  we do it very strategically like that. We dont just broad brush it across the HomeGoods store, so to speak.
Chuck Grom: Great. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Youre welcome.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Dana Telsey. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Good morning everyone and congratulations on the nice results. As you think of the international business where you had talked about strong sales in Europe and very good sales in Australia, how does that business compare to the U.S. and what you are seeing, anything by category to note? And just lastly, on the shrink side, keeping it flat for the year, how much of a benefit are you seeing  do you expect to see in Q4 versus the first three quarters? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Alright. Dana, so I will start off with the merchandise category thing and then John and I will get into the shrink after that a little bit. So, the  clearly, what we have been seeing is Marmaxx has been the most consistent sales performer. But internationally, we are seeing strong  and by the way, we get data on market share. We are picking up major market share across the board in actually, all three of those geographies. If you mention Europe or Australia or Canada, we are outperforming by my guess, on average, hundreds of basis points. So, its not just a little outperformance. There is also  helping that a little is the store closure  all those geographies, I dont know as much about Australia, but Canada and Europe have a fair amount of store closures going on. So, that will play and they are not necessarily like a Bed Bath & Beyond, but they have other store closures that will create ongoing tailwind, I think for market share grab. Little tough to read on the ups and downs because of those areas having  our compare ads are a little funky as to when they were opening, right, John. Opening up, coming out and then there were some shutdowns and so when we look at our 1-year or 2-year stacks, it gets a little funky when we look at it.
John Klinger: Correct. The timing of the openings and closings were not consistent by geography.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, to your point, the pure numbers arent  well, arent as good as Marmaxx. Obviously, HomeGoods is a whole different animal. But Europe in the first quarter was  well, it was very close.
John Klinger: Yes. It was a strong quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Strong quarter, yes. And so we are excited about the  and by the way, the way they are positioned in terms of liquidity and the branded market availability in both those regions is also going to bode well, I think for the balance of the year. Shrink?
John Klinger: As far as shrink goes, we didnt give guidance on shrink for the full year. But just to remind, we are laser-focused on our shrink initiatives which are the increasing tagging, tethering, the using  uses of hard cases and increased loss prevention presence. We are continuing to look for newer ways to protect our merchandise. And then, of course we are also very focused on the employee and customer safety in our stores, that along with the customer satisfaction. So, anything we do, we want to make sure that our customers and employees are protected and that the customers, its an easy experience for them to shop in the store.
Ernie Herrman: Dana, I am going to just jump back in also as we are talking about the international and we have been talking about ticket, etcetera. I want to make sure everybody is clear that we have  we are still extremely bullish on our ability to do our pricing strategy. The ticket  the whole ticket discussion, which is going to have a slight amount of risk [ph], has nothing to do with our pricing strategy. That is really just based on the mix of categories within the store that could affect that. Our pricing strategy where we have been selectively addressing prices and retails on certain items here or there is continuing in full force, and one is not connected with the other actually. They are two different things. So, I just want to make sure thats clear there. And by the way, internationally, which you were talking about, they have been having terrific success on the pricing strategy in Canada and in Europe. And domestically, we continue it from our e-comm business through our Marmaxx, through our HomeGoods businesses. So, I wanted to make sure that was clear.
Dana Telsey: Very helpful. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Adrienne Yih. Please go ahead.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much. Congratulations. Tremendous execution. Ernie, on the last call, you had
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Adrienne Yih: Youre welcome. Well deserved. You had mentioned that sort of the Chase capacity of the model is sort of now fully functional and really allowing the off-price model to shine. So, can you just go into kind of some more detail about how much better kind of this year is from an open-to-buy, and how that gives you tremendous visibility for the buyers? And then kind of just a follow-on to that, we get a lot of questions about availability, which you addressed. But as the inventory at frontline cleans up, can you then explain the next phase, right, the longevity of the off-price comparative advantage as AURs at frontline move up and then the value shines through on off-price? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Very good, Adrienne. You are going right to  well, you are hitting right on the crux of what we do here. So, the Chase, the first thing you were talking about is the Chase culture, so to speak, of what we have going here versus a year ago. Well, we are coming, as witnessed by some of these inventories. You can see  and last year, part of what was happening last year is it was a bigger challenge for the merchants to kind of guesstimate our sales trends and the timing of availability that was going to be in the market. And we were finding that the transportation, inbound transportation was moving faster than we thought it would be. So, all of those dynamics were intersecting, which for a period of time had us chasing a little bit less. Whereas this year, we are in, I would call it a textbook situation to take advantage of the phenomenal availability thats out there. So, I think thats what  thats why we feel great about it. And I do feel we are in more of the Chase mode in, actually, every division. And that combined  its not tricky to picture why that combined will help our profits, by the way. And we mean the other dynamic going on with  in terms of our buyers who are so talented and so experienced, again, we have very little turnover in that group. As we mean more to  and I think I have talked about this before, we mean more to vendors today than we did a few years ago. And we mean a lot of them a few years ago. Its just since COVID has gone this way, and as you can imagine, the decrease in branded retail out there, whether its online or at brick-and-mortar, has created more of a reliance on a partnership on the key brands in the market to want to do more business with us. So, add that into the Chase and it has allowed us to make sure we have a lot of open-to-buy, and we have a vendor community that is loaded with merchandise that also knows we are more important to them today than we have ever been. So, thats why excited about where we are currently, excited about the potential of future increase in profitability as we move forward and continued top line market share grab, I hope. So, I think that answers that first part. Then I think are you asking on availability where there  where the vendor community talks about maybe cleaning up their inventories.
Adrienne Yih: Yes. Exactly. And I think I have mentioned that
Ernie Herrman: So, that has been said for years and years and years, decades. And what happens now is, again, no matter who they are, we are dealing with 21,000 vendors. But even if you would look at our top couple of thousand vendors, think about that. Yes, one vendor, one year could have less. But most of them are public companies that certainly and rightfully still need to grow their earnings and show growth. So, they are almost  no matter what they do, they have to still chase inventory or drive an inventory situation a little to try to get reorders to maximize their business. So, thats always going to be there. I see no signs of that changing. To your point, I know certain vendors will come out and say they are going to clean up their inventory, but it  what typically happens is they are clean for a season or two seasons and that the other vendor in a similar category just happens to have more at that time, and it all dovetails rather nicely. So again, I see zero issue in a constant availability of desirable merchandise.
Adrienne Yih: Super helpful, great to get your insights and best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Ike Boruchow. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow: Hey guys. Let me add my congrats. Just two modeling questions, I am sorry if I missed this. Can you give us the freight benefit you got in the first quarter? I know you said  you are saying 100 bps for the year, 100 bps plus for the year, but what was it in Q1? And then, Ernie, you are taking the pre-tax margin up 20 basis points. I think on the last call, you said gross margins up 140 bps. Should we assume that that now means gross margin is up 160 bps? Is that where that upside comes from? Just kind of curious on the gross margins for the year, what the thought  the plan is?
Ernie Herrman: Okay. We will answer both. So, on the gross margin, Ike  and John, I will let John jump in here as well. On the gross margin, you are talking about where we guided for the year. Now, we are raising it, I said the operating margins at 10.4%, is that?
Ike Boruchow: Yes. I was trying to understand, is that upside to the gross margin you gave prior, like what is that new annual plan on gross margin?
John Klinger: Yes. We didnt give guidance on a full year gross margin just to say that we had a significant benefit, right.
Ike Boruchow: Okay.
Ernie Herrman: Does that make sense, Ike?
Ike Boruchow: I guess I thought on the prior call, you guys had said 140 basis points of gross margin for the year.
John Klinger: Yes. We are not giving freight or gross margin other than to say that we feel good about the freight benefit that we have gotten and the better buying that we are seeing as well.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: And then what was the other question?
John Klinger: The other question, Shrink?
Ike Boruchow: Tailwind.
Ernie Herrman: We are doing shrink in the first quarter?
Ike Boruchow: Freight tailwind.
Ernie Herrman: Freight, we talked about that, right. So  but you had a two-part question. One was on the gross margin. I think one was on something else.
Ike Boruchow: Yes. I was just asking if you could tell us the freight tailwind to margin in the first quarter, and then if you could give us a gross margin guide for the year. But it sounds like we are not going to do the second part of it. Is the first part possible?
John Klinger: Yes. I mean as far as the first quarter goes, I mean we had a benefit from unanticipated freight accrual. And then we had  some of our freight initiatives were coming  we were getting a benefit earlier than we anticipated, and those are the real two items.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: And we are  Ike, so the one thing we would like to leave you with on that is we are feeling very confident about the 10.4% for the year though, which I think was the original catalyst of why you are asking. So, we are feeling good about where we are heading on achieving that for the bottom line pre-tax profit margin.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. Okay. That was our last question. And I would like to thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August. Everybody, take care.
John Klinger: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded as of today, February 22, 2023.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Ivy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning.  The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws.  Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investors section of our website tjx.com. Reconciliations of other non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are also posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section.  Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is John Klinger. As we announced last quarter, John has been promoted to CFO. John will be covering the financials on the call and taking your financial questions today and going forward. continues in the SVP role [indiscernible] of Finance role with more of a focus on corporate areas like business development and real estate. I'm very pleased that our company will continue to benefit from both of their financial expertise and decades of TJX experience and leadership.  I'd like to start today by thanking all of our global associates for their great work in 2022. I am truly appreciative of their continued commitment to both TJX and our customers. I want to give special recognition though to our store, distribution center and fulfillment center associates for their hard work and dedication every single day.  Now to an overview of our results beginning with the fourth quarter. I am extremely pleased with our strong top line performance. Our better-than-expected U.S. comp store sales increase of 4% was driven by the excellent performance at our Marmaxx division, which delivered its strongest quarter of the year. We also saw positive U.S. customer traffic in the fourth quarter, which was also driven by Marmaxx.  Our exciting assortment of gifts and great values resonated with shoppers this holiday season. I believe the freshness of our mix really sets us apart as we shipped ever-changing selections to our stores and online throughout the quarter.  In terms of profitability, pretax profit margin increased over last year. Our merchant organization continue to do a great job buying better and retailing strategically, which drove excellent mark on. Unfortunately, we had an outsized shrink charge in the fourth quarter that resulted in pretax profit margin coming in below our plan, which John will discuss in a moment.  For the full year, total sales were nearly $50 billion. Profitability improved over last year, and adjusted earnings per share grew 9%. I want to again recognize all of our talented associates around the world for the excellent execution of our flexible off-price business model throughout the year. Their collective efforts drove outstanding value on our assortment, excitement in our stores and the satisfaction of our customers.  Moving to 2023, the first quarter is off to a strong start. We are excited about our plans to drive sales and customer traffic and are laser-focused on initiatives to drive profitability this year and beyond. Availability of quality branded merchandise is phenomenal. We are in a great position to take advantage of the opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace. Further, we are convinced that our commitment to value and our treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to serve us well in this environment. Importantly, we continue to see many opportunities to capture market share and improve profitability over both the short and long term.  Now before I continue, I'll turn the call over to John to cover our fourth quarter and full year financial results in more detail.
John Klinger: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be starting in this new role, and I want to add my sincere thanks to Scott for his guidance and mentorship over the years, and I look forward to continuing to work with them. I would also like to echo Ernie's comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment throughout 2022.  I'll start with some additional details on the fourth quarter. As Ernie mentioned, U.S. comp store sales increased 4%, exceeding our expectations. Our U.S. comp growth was driven by a very strong 7% comp sales increase at Marmaxx. For the fourth quarter, average basket was up in the U.S., driven by a higher average ticket and U.S. customer traffic was up. TJX net sales grew to $14.5 billion, a 5% increase versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 and despite a significant impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange.  Fourth quarter consolidated pretax profit margin of 9.2% was up 20 basis points versus last year, and merchandise margin was down slightly. Within merchandise margin, strong mark-on was offset by higher markdowns, which were compared to exceptionally low markdowns last year. Freight was a benefit in the fourth quarter. Further, we had an unplanned shrink charge of 60 basis points versus last year. I want to note that our fourth quarter pretax profit margin guidance contemplated an expected 50 basis point benefit from shrink due to the elevated charge in the fourth quarter of last year. Therefore, the negative impact of shrink versus our pretax profit margin guidance was 110 basis points. Lastly, we're pleased that earnings per share were $0.89, up 14% at the high end of our plans.  Moving to our fourth quarter divisional performance. At Marmaxx, fourth quarter comp store sales increased a very strong 7% over a 10% open-only comp increase last year. Marmaxx's comp increase was driven by apparel and accessory categories, which had a high single-digit comp increase. Further, in the fourth quarter, customer traffic was the main driver of the comp increase and average basket also increased. Marmaxx's fourth quarter segment profit margin was 11.6%.  HomeGoods fourth quarter comp store sales decrease of 7% versus an outsized 22% open-only comp increase last year. HomeGoods fourth quarter segment profit margin was 7.3%. Internationally, we're pleased with the performance of both our TJX Canada and TJX International divisions in the fourth quarter. At our Canadian division, net sales were up 10% on a constant currency basis versus last year. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was up 12.5%, which exceeded their fiscal '20 margin. And at our International division, net sales on a constant currency basis were up 11% versus last year. Segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was up 7.2% -- excuse me, segment profit margin on a constant currency basis was 7.2%.  Now to our full year consolidated fiscal 2023 results. U.S. comp sales were flat versus a 17% U.S. open-only comp sales increase last year. TJX net sales grew to $49.9 billion, up 3% compared to fiscal '22 despite a significant impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Full year adjusted pretax profit margin was 9.7%, a 10 basis point increase versus last year's adjusted 9.6% and merchandise margin was down. Within merchandise margin, strong mark-on was more than offset by 120 basis points of incremental freight costs and higher markdowns, which, again, were up against exceptionally low markdowns last year. Shrink expense negatively impacted full year merchandise margin by approximately 30 basis points and was not contemplated in our most recent full year guidance. Full year adjusted earnings per share were $3.11 at the high end of our plan and up 9% versus last year's adjusted $2.85.  Moving to inventory. Balance sheet inventory was down 2% versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '22. We are confident that we are strongly positioned to both capitalize on the abundant merchandise in the marketplace and flow fresh assortments to our stores and online this spring.  I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the fourth quarter, we generated $3 billion in operating cash flow. For the full year, we generated $4.1 billion in operating cash flow. We ended the year with $5.5 billion in cash. In fiscal '23, we returned $3.6 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs.  Now I'll turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, John. I'll pick it up with some full year divisional highlights. Before I begin to speak to them, however, individually, I want to highlight the outstanding performance of our teams across each of our divisions in 2022, while they navigated historic levels of inflation and an uncertain retail environment. All year long, each of our retail banners delivered shoppers an excellent assortment of apparel, accessories and home merchandise and offered great value every day.  Beginning with Marmaxx. Full year comp store sales increased 3% and total divisional sales reached $30 billion. Marmaxx's apparel and accessories businesses were very strong all year long with a mid-single-digit comp increase. For the year, average basket was up significantly and customer traffic increased slightly. Marmaxx's full year segment profit margin was 12.7%. During the year, we opened a combined 50 T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores.  Further, we remodeled approximately 225 stores, and the feedback from customers has been terrific. We are extremely pleased with the performance of our largest division and see a significant opportunity to continue growing the top and bottom lines.  At HomeGoods, full year comp store sales decreased 11%. It is important to remember that last year, HomeGoods had a remarkable 32% comp sales increase as we saw consumers spend an outsized amount in home-related categories. While HomeGoods customer traffic was down for the year, average basket increased. HomeGoods full year segment profit margin was 6.3%. In 2022, we surpassed 900 stores for this division with the opening of over 50 HomeGoods and HomeSense stores. Long term, we continue to see the potential for HomeGoods to open over 500 additional stores and for profitability to significantly improve.  At TJX Canada, net sales were nearly $5 billion and increased 18% on a constant currency basis. Segment profit margin increased to a very strong 14%. Our Canadian business operates more than 550 total stores and is very well penetrated throughout the country. TJX Canada is one of the top apparel, accessories and home retailers in that country and a sharper destination for several signature categories. We remain confident that TJX Canada is well positioned to capture additional market share over the short and long term.  At TJX International, net sales surpassed $6 billion and increased 22% on a constant currency basis. Segment profit margin improved to 5.7% on a constant currency basis. In Europe, we believe we significantly outperformed many other major brick-and-mortar retailers as our values resonated with consumers in a heightened inflationary environment. In Australia, sales were very strong, and we continued expanding our store footprint across the country.  Going forward, we believe that we can grow our market share in each country that we operate in and continue to improve this division's profitability.  As to e-commerce, we added new categories and brands to each of our online banners in 2022. While e-commerce only represents a very small percentage of our overall net sales, it allows us to offer shoppers our great brands and values 24 hours a day.  As we look ahead, we are convinced that the characteristics of our business and the depth of talent in our organization will allow us to capitalize on the opportunities that we see to further grow our top and bottom lines. First, we are in an excellent position to continue offering consumers great value and freshness every day. We have a team of more than 1,200 buyers who source from a universe of approximately 21,000 vendors last year, including many new ones. Our ability to buy goods across good, better and best categories gives us tremendous flexibility in the vendor marketplace. Again, availability of merchandise is phenomenal, and we are confident that we'll have plenty of quality branded goods going forward.  Second, we are convinced that the appeal of our touch and field treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to resonate with consumers. Giving us confidence is the continued strength of our customer satisfaction scores. Further, our leadership and flexibility allows us to take advantage of the best opportunities and the hottest trends in the marketplace. This allows us to offer our shoppers an assortment of merchandise to surprise and excite them every time they visit. We are also focused on being a gift-giving destination all year long.  Third, our convenient, easy-to-access store locations attract consumers across a wide income demographic. Our eclectic mix of good, better and best merchandise across categories allows us to offer a branded, fashionable mix across a wide span of price points. We see these as key advantages as we continue to expand our store footprint. Long term, we see the potential to open more than 1,400 additional stores across our current geographies, which we believe will attract even more shoppers to our great assortments and values.  Next, our marketing has been very effective in targeting consumers with broad reaching and compelling brand campaigns across different channels and platforms where consumers are currently spending their time. Our messaging is continuing to reinforce our value leadership and demonstrate that we are one of the best choices for consumers during the current economic environment. We are particularly pleased that we continue to attract an outsized number of younger customers to our stores, which we believe bodes well for the future.  As to our profitability outlook, we are planning an increase in our fiscal 2024 adjusted pretax profit margin to a range of 10.0% to 10.2%. Beyond this year, our target remains to return to our fiscal 2020 pretax profit margin level of 10.6% by fiscal 2025. Giving us confidence are the sales, better buying and strategic retailing opportunities we see going forward at each division. John will outline the other assumptions embedded in our plans in a moment.  Turning to corporate responsibility. We continue to focus our global corporate responsibility efforts under our 4 key pillars: workplace, communities, environmental sustainability and responsible business. Last quarter, I noted that TJX published its 2022 Global Corporate Responsibility Report which summarizes the company's ESG efforts and progress across these 4 reporting areas. And as a reminder, in fiscal 2023, we set expanded and accelerated global environmental goals, including a goal to achieve net zero GHG emissions in our operations by 2040. We are working hard to make progress toward our goals and help mitigate our impact on the environment.  I'd also like to take a moment to speak about the work our teams are doing in our communities. In fiscal 2023, we helped support more than 2,000 nonprofit organizations globally. We're very proud of the impact this has had, including helping to provide more than 25 million meals to individuals experiencing food insecurity and helping with access to educational opportunities for more than 1 million students from under-resourced communities. We also continue to support nonprofits working towards racial justice through new grants to several national organizations.  Finally, for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic, we were able to restart our in-person community relations programs and have seen a resurgence in volunteering across our organization. In the past 6 months alone, our U.S. associates provided more than 2,400 hours of service to their communities. I'm grateful to our teams around the globe for the work they do to support our global corporate responsibility priorities and we are proud to continue to make progress across our many programs and initiatives. As always, we invite you to visit tjx.com to learn more.  Summing up, we feel great about our performance in 2022 and our momentum heading into 2023. I am confident that the strength and resiliency of our flexible off-price business model and the depth of expertise and knowledge of our teams, set us apart from many other major retailers and will continue to serve us well. I want to again recognize the exceptional talent we have across the organization. It is their collective efforts and execution of our off-price fundamentals that bring our business to life for our shoppers every day.  As an off-price leader in every country we operate in, I'm excited about the market share opportunities we see ahead in both the U.S. and internationally. I am very confident in our plans to grow TJX into an increasingly profitable $6 billion-plus revenue company over the long term.  Now I'll turn the call back to John to cover our full year and first quarter guidance and then we'll open it up for questions.
John Klinger: Thanks again, Ernie. Before I start, I want to remind you that our guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal 2024 calendar. Additionally, in fiscal '24, we are returning to reporting overall comp store sales growth versus fiscal '23 as we now have a baseline for our TJX Canada and TJX International divisions.  Now to our full year guidance. We are planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%. As a reminder, our comp guidance will exclude sales from the 53rd week. We expect full year consolidated sales to be in the range of $52.5 billion to $53.2 billion, a 5% to 7% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes approximately $800 million of additional revenue from the 53rd week.  We're planning full year pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.1% to 10.3%, excluding an expected benefit of approximately 10 basis points from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.0% to 10.2%. This would represent an increase of 30 to 50 basis points versus fiscal '23's adjusted pretax profit margin of 9.7%. Our pretax profit margin guidance assumes that we will see a benefit of about 80 to 100 basis points from lower freight expenses as well as a continued benefit from better buying and strategic retailing. We're planning these benefits to more than offset continuing headwinds from incremental wage and supply chain costs. Also contemplated in our guidance is that shrink will be similar to last year.  For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a full year tax rate of 26.1%, net interest income of about $116 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.16 billion. We expect full year earnings per share to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.51, excluding an expected benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.29 to $3.41. This would represent an increase of 6% to 10% versus fiscal '23 adjusted earnings per share of $3.11.  Moving to the first quarter. We are planning overall comp store sales growth to be up 2% to 3%. We expect first quarter consolidated sales to be in the range of $11.7 billion to $11.8 billion, a 3% to 4% increase over the prior year. We're planning first quarter pretax profit margin to be in the range of 9.2% to 9.5%. This guidance includes an expected benefit from freight of 130 basis points in headwinds from a combination of incremental wage and supply chain and the timing of some expenses.  For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a first quarter tax rate of 26.4%, net interest income of about $29 million a weighted average share count of approximately 1.17 billion. Lastly, we expect first quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.71.  Moving on to our fiscal '23 capital plans. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. This includes opening new stores, remodels and relocations and investments in our distribution network and infrastructure to support our growth. For new stores, we plan to add about 150 net new stores which would bring our year-end total to nearly 5,000 stores. This would represent a store growth of about 3%.  In the U.S., our plans call for us to add about 45 net stores at Marmaxx, 50 stores at HomeGoods, including 18 at including 18 HomeSense stores. At Sierra, we're planning to open 18 stores. In Canada, we plan to add 11 new stores. And at TJX International, we plan to open 18 net stores in Europe and 6 net stores in Australia. Lastly, we also plan to remodel 400 stores and relocate approximately 55 stores in fiscal '24.  As to our fiscal '24 cash distribution plans, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.3325 per share. Additionally, in fiscal '24, we currently expect to buy back 2 billion to 2.5 billion of TJX stock.  I'll finish by highlighting the assumptions we've included in our fiscal '25 pretax profit margin target of 10.6%. First, our outlook assumes that overall comp store sales will increase 3% to 4%. Secondly, as I just highlighted, we're expecting freight to be a significant tailwind in fiscal '24, with a smaller benefit expected in fiscal '25. Third, we expect that incremental wage and supply chain cost will continue to be headwinds in both fiscal '24 and fiscal '25. Further, our plans assume that shrink will remain similar to fiscal '23 over the next 2 years.  Next, as Ernie highlighted, our plans assume additional merchandise margin opportunities across all our divisions.  Lastly, I'll mention that certain macro factors we haven't made assumptions for could change our plans such as geopolitical events, foreign exchange volatility, consumer behavior or a worsening shrink environment.  In closing, I want to emphasize that we have a very strong balance sheet and continue to generate a tremendous amount of cash. We are in an excellent financial position to invest in the growth in our business while simultaneously returning cash to our shareholders.  Now we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person so we can keep the call on schedule and answer as many questions as we can. Thanks, and now we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: So I guess just on a modeling cleanup. Would you mind helping us quantify the swing in incentive comp dollars in 2022? And how much that we should anticipate that coming back in 2023? I guess on a bigger picture on the margin as we look out to the North Star getting back to the 2019 pretax margin of 10.6%. This year, it was 9.7%, you mentioned. But you probably have -- I think we do the math right, about 300 basis points or more of cumulative freight embedded in 2022. And I think shrink was only about a 30 basis point headwind versus 2019. You have -- obviously, you know your leverage pricing is a new lever since then. So maybe you can help us think about what are the other incremental headwinds we should consider that would cap the endpoint of the recovery at 10.6% next year?
Ernie Herrman: So Michael, you're asking about -- you're going to the 10.6% and what would be the challenges of getting there?
Michael Binetti: Well, yes, with starting at 9.7% and you have 300 basis points of freight, you'll recapture some of that and then shrinks only a 30 basis point headwind. I think it just seems like -- it seems like there's opportunity to go above 10.6%, but I would love to hear what you should think about for our models to that [indiscernible]?
Ernie Herrman: I like your attitude. Yes. I mean part of this comes down to -- as always, we're going to plan -- as witnessed by this year, right, we did not plan on the shrink impact. On the flip side, to your point, our sales certainly in Q4, showing that we have some really strong momentum and perhaps we're planning conservatively on that line. It's just a little early to call based on the environment that's around us.  Yes, we had Marmaxx have a 7 comp in the quarter. So we are feeling very bullish as well as all the divisions and all the different metrics throughout all the performance metrics throughout TJX are extremely healthy other than the shrink surprise.  To your point, and I'm just going to try to explain why we are where we are in the plan. To your point, shrink was the only component of our operational performance that wasn't very strong. Everything else, sales, merchandise margin, the way we're retailing and buying goods, the way we operate and manage expenses and distribution in stores, all of those metrics are extremely healthy.  So now we have a situation where we're looking at and John will touch on it, we're essentially planning our shrink flat okay, for this coming year. So when we're putting in tactics and strategies to try to ensure that we get there, I do think we're being judicious, I think, on that plan and not trying to go to either extreme either way and expect too much or too little in terms of how we manage that. We do think we -- how do we put this -- we're feeling very good about the where position going in because I feel on the retailing of goods and the buying of goods, we're probably in a little better position where there might be some upside there to your point. The strengthening that's happening in the dynamic of this is -- this is part of the art form is the vendor community right now because of a lot of store closures as well as the slowdown in the e-com business across the board, is obviously creating an influx of inventory and better brands than we've seen even versus our last call.  Every call we're talking about, you could see we purposely said phenomenal in terms of availability because the environment right now is more phenomenal availability -- I would say, in terms of branded content across good, better and best. So again, I'm giving you the merchandising side and the top line side. We just feel as though we don't want to go out with too aggressive sales plan when it's very difficult to forecast on the volatility as witnessed by last year, we still early on, didn't do the sales were figuring on.  We have HomeGoods, which -- we're still trying to figure out the home trend nationally. We might have another couple of quarters across our home businesses, which just aren't in HomeGoods that could keep our top line down a little. So Q4, right, we ran on minus 7% in home goods. We still had a 4% in TJX driven by Marmaxx in Canada and Europe. And so bottom line is we're being conservative in our plans, but I think judicious given the environment.  I'll let John get into some of the financial modeling margin question.
John Klinger: Yes. So Michael, just on the -- getting to that 10.6%, I mean, in FY '25, again, it does assume a 3% to 4% comp and continued benefit from better buying an average retail. Now we do anticipate a benefit in freight in FY '25, albeit lower than what we're seeing in FY '24. And that's really a function of the -- when our domestic contracts renew and so there would be a little bit of year-over-year benefit as we cycle a full year of that freight savings along with things we're doing internally to reduce our shrink rate, wage and supply chain costs, we expect those to moderate in FY '25. So we're adding a distribution center in all of our brands this year. So there will be some, again, year-over-year, the annualization of those costs in FY '25, but we do expect those costs to moderate. And again, shrink flat over the next 2 years.  Beyond FY '25, we do expect to be able to hold or slightly increased pretax margin on a 3% to 4% comp. And again, it assumes a slight improvement from better buying in average retail with no outsized expense headwinds and some favorability from shrink going forward. But we still feel very good about the fundamentals of the business.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: A couple of follow-ups. Maybe Ernie, you could talk a little bit about the comment you just made about e-com, that as a source of that channel slowing down across the board as a source of inventory. And then maybe also talk about the fact, at least on a multiyear basis, it seems like you're HomeGoods business is stabilizing, and you're seeing a little bit maybe more of a predictable pattern at home. At the same time, as apparel and accessories accelerate, we talk about that dynamic. And you have kind of both the pandemic winner and the post-pandemic winner working at the same time, both those kind of 2 sets of categories.
Ernie Herrman: Omar, great questions. Let me -- I'll go with the e-comm one first. Yes. So I agree, and I think you were starting to hint at that. So it creates a sales opportunity for us certainly as e-com business has slowed across the board. By the way, in our e-com business is very complementary and additive to us, but it's such a small 2%. We're not a player there per se in terms of the key component. However, it does help our branding and our current feel for our younger customer base as well as the older customer base for our brick-and-mortar. So we are high on our e-comm business. It's just the external businesses that are so big have been running into you, as you know, and some of them are home related, some of them are apparel related and they're running into, I think, given the inflation, they're running into, obviously, top line slowdowns, they might have hit saturation points within certain market -- within certain merchandise categories. And that does create, and I think you were getting an additional inventory supply for us ironically that we have been taking advantage of.  And when I was referring earlier when Michael had asked the question about our positioning, et cetera, and I was mentioning in the script, the phenomenal availability, we know that a chunk of that availability is actually e-com spill off availability from many of the other e-com players.  So it's a tremendous source and also some good brands in there as well because some of the vertical e-com players, as you can imagine, tough to forecast with their sales -- that their sales were going to be that hit that hard that they were going to yield this much goods, which is why we are very bullish on the branded content of our mix, specifically even on the better and best levels. We have lulls every now and there but key to our success, we believe, is carrying ranges of good, better and best merchandise across all the categories consistently as much as possible and e-com has been a great supplier of that. Yes. So HomeGoods, Michael, is it's very interesting. So you could see our decrease there in Q4, it's getting a little better. And I think Omar, I mean, the way you were referring to it, I think, Omar, as we look out, we're kind of watching the next couple of quarters and seeing where we're going to go with that business. What I would say here is talk about store closures and e-com declines in that arena, that is going to create -- all we have to do there is weather the storm and keep HomeGoods and home in our Marmaxx business going. And we think we come out the other side here and even a bigger player in a fashion home business than anybody thought we would be.  The key is we have to -- everyone has to go to this lull in the demand. But I think that creates a shakeout that actually, to your point, we see light at the end of the tunnel. It's just -- we're not seeing it right now. HomeGoods still down 11% for the year, down 7% in the quarter. The interesting thing is if you look at total TJX we still ran a 4% with HomeGoods down 7% because we have everything else clicking, which is one of the best parts about our portfolio is we're so diverse that we're able to flex and we talk about our flexible business model all the time. This is the time when that flexible business model really shines. And I think when you have a category like home, which is a roller coaster ride, we're able to mitigate the ups and downs by the rest of our business. Great question.
John Klinger: I'll just add on that. So it feels like sales are getting close to stabilizing. Q1, as Ernie mentioned, is up against really strong sales from previous years. It's actually the highest 3-year stack of the year that we're going into. So we feel like Q2 we'll probably start to see more clearly where we are with that. But we feel really good about the value proposition, which is still strong. We're attracting new customers. We're opening new stores, and we're likely to benefit from other home store closures. So we still feel very positive about the HomeGoods business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: I wanted to get your updated thoughts on pricing. Was there any change to the customer reaction to your price increases in 4Q? And then what are your plans for prices this year?
Ernie Herrman: Lorraine, okay, great touch base on that. Yes, no. So the pricing strategy has continued to work extremely, extremely well. And in fact, very few situations. And again, our buyers are all over it. When it doesn't work, we have repriced. The good news is we turn so fast, as all of you know, that it doesn't last long in any SKU. And it's been -- I'm saying we're 95% successful on it.  And so going forward, as I mentioned in the script, that is a key component of our way to continue to raise our margins because -- and it's a combination, by the way, of buying better and the strategic retailing of the goods.  And Lorraine, one of the big advantages we have, we've been looking at this a lot in depth recently. And this goes -- well, it goes to a couple of things. It goes to the fact that we do good, better, best. Many other retailers, as you know, are fairly narrow. And I don't want to say the names of them, but some of them, they're good, maybe they'll dabbling a bit better, but they certainly don't do good, better, best. And that's in terms of quality, the level of brands, good, better, but there are good brands, meaning they're household names, but they're at a moderate price per se. Better brains and then there's higher-end designer/best brands.  And we -- because we tend to want to have a balance of all of that in every category throughout the store, we're able to execute the strategic retailing of the goods more effectively than I think retailers that are really kind of boxed in and more of just a good and slow better only situation. So once again, that's -- and we have this team.  The other thing we keep talking about the business model, other retailers have strong business models, but they don't have the tenure that we have across TJX and the experience in the teaching, the university, the -- I always look for all the different areas within TJX that allows us to do some of these pricing things without the risk where you're swinging a pendulum because you don't have the talent, the experienced merchants that we have here.  So we have such a long tenure in buying and planning and storage distribution, marketing, logistics, IT, finance, HR, legal, administrative. i mean we just have such tenure that helps us execute some things that I think some other companies run into where they're not as experienced at it.  And to your point about the customers, we've had no issues. In fact, given our sales, you can see it's -- we do -- by the way, our perception of value, and I think I mentioned that there somewhere in the script is -- continues to go up on our surveys on our perception of value by our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez from...
Paul Lejuez: I think you mentioned higher markdowns within the fourth quarter, the drag on merch margins. Can you just talk about what drove that? And maybe you think that was unique to 4Q? Or might that linger into the first quarter? And also, I was curious, inventory, if you could talk about the [indiscernible] units, how that breaks down by segment?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So yes, markdowns were higher versus FY '22. But again, FY '22 was up against an exceptionally low year. When you look at our markdowns compared to FY '20, they're actually favorable. So the markdown is -- most of it is due to the comparison to just an exceptionally low year.
Paul Lejuez: In inventory?
Ernie Herrman: I'm sorry, what was your question on inventory?
Paul Lejuez: Just curious what it was in units and how that breaks down by segment? But then -- and just a follow-up on the last piece. Is that markdown issue expected to linger into the first quarter? Do you have really difficult comparisons would you say in the first quarter of '23?
John Klinger: As far as the first quarter versus -- so markdowns, we expect them to be in the first quarter, roughly flat to the previous year. Now as far as our inventory levels for Q4, we ended the year essentially 1% up on a per store basis. We do anticipate the inventory levels to increase a little bit into Q1. So part of it is that the inventory levels, we had forecasted bringing our inventory levels down and Scott had talked about it in previous quarters. So we did bring the inventory levels down.  We probably came in a little bit lower due to the shrink impact that we had in the first quarter, which we are correcting -- excuse me, in the fourth quarter, which we are correcting into the first quarter but we feel very comfortable with where the inventory levels are in our stores.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. By the way, Paul, I'll just jump in on that. On the inventory levels, as John said, and maybe a notch lighter than we expect. The other thing is sales, obviously, we had outperformed in sales, which added to the slightly less inventory. And then we love our position right now, and by the way, this could end up helping with our markdown rate because we're so fresh going into the first quarter and our start to the year on sales is a strong start. It will allow us to chase and potentially do even better than the sales plan.  You guys have witnessed, for example, we didn't plan to run a 7% in Marmaxx in the fourth quarter. We were able to chase it and achieve it or do we plan a 4% overall in TJX or in 2021, when we ran -- we had like a 3% comp plan that we ran, I don't know, 15% or something like that. We did not plan that. We just -- we were able to chase because the market has those goods, and there's more goods today than there was then. So I like our inventory position because I think it's just textbook for us to -- and I like our sales momentum. So it's a good combination going in this way into the new year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Brooke Roach.
Brooke Roach: Ernie, you framed the opportunity from strategic retailing buying better and your pricing initiative and driving margin improvement as you track towards 10.6% pretax profit margins. Can you talk to the sustainability of this better buying environment and the key levers for continuing to expand that buy-in margin even if industry inventory overhangs begin to ease or the consumer continues to shift towards value?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Well, yes, let me mention that last thing first. Well, the consumer does continue to shift towards value, and that's one of the reasons our top line is so healthy, and we don't think that's going to change for a number of years, especially in an inflationary environment where there's a pressure on the average consumer with all costs in their household going up. So we -- this is really a textbook situation for us.  In terms of the buying better. The buying better, it's all in a few pieces here. So part of it is the strategic retailing of the goods is actually a little different than the buying better. So the buying better is and what you're getting at is how sustainable is that? One reason I think there's a long sustainability to it is because you're running into a lot of closures and slowdowns with other retailers permanent store closures. And we are becoming even more important to vendors today than we were even as recently as a year ago, certainly, as we were 3 years ago, and we're just seeing the beginning -- the tip of the iceberg, I would say, on our ability to leverage that with our -- all of our vendors.  Yes, we have 21,000 vendors, but the reality is we have a lot of really key relationships with the biggest brands in the industry. And I would think most of them, and I was on the phone recently with 2 of our biggest vendors. And I think they would all say that we are more important to them today than ever before. So that will help in terms of our buying better for a long period of time, that's not just an availability of goods today. That's a long term, more important to the key brands, and we're so brand driven.  Unlike other retailers that -- and by the way, good, better, best plays into that as well. We're also not -- we're not private label driven where many other retailers are relying on that so much, and that doesn't yield this type of benefit for them because they're their own importers and they're up against their own dealing directly that way.  In terms of the retailing of the goods, that we have many years to go because the inflation -- so we do shopping reports about how many of our SKUs, we look at our SKUs, how they -- our buyers comp-shop our SKUs, how are they at the other retailers and there is still so much more room for us to continue to move along those lines to surgically raise retails because the other retailers around us are having to do it because of inflation, that also a long tail. So very sustainable, not a 1-year thing, a multiyear opportunity. And our -- we're probably one of the only retailers set up to be able to capitalize on this the way we can. But we really are excited about this not being a short-term window because of those 2 dynamics.  It's a great question and one we talk about in depth here. So thank you, Brooke, for asking that.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So a couple of things, Ernie, a key inflection this quarter, I think, was U.S. traffic turning positive for the first time in over a year. Could you speak to the traffic inflection and drivers behind the material acceleration that you saw at Marmaxx? And then, John, just to summarize on gross margin. So I think you cited freight up 80 to 100 basis points, shrink flat in the AUR strategy accretive. So is gross margin for the year up 100 basis points or so? Is that fair? Or how best to quantify the components? And then just multiyear to Ernie's comments, is there any ceiling on gross margins relative to the 29% that we saw in 2017?
Ernie Herrman: Go ahead. You can go on the margin on that.
John Klinger: Yes. So gross margin, we are planning it up to 140 basis points. So freight is a major component of that. Also, mark on an average retail is another piece of it. So those are the drivers for why we are expecting gross profit margin to be up.  Now on the other side of it, obviously, we have minimum wage and other things that are in SG&A going the other way. That's on a full year basis.
Ernie Herrman: Does that answer that, Matt? Or yes?
Matthew Boss: Yes. And then just maybe, Ernie, on the traffic and...
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Well, the traffic we're -- you're right, it is a bit of an inflection point. I like the way you described it. So we're looking -- we would like to see that continue here as we move into the new year. Again, we're feeling good on the start.  Going back to the way we're planning our sales though, we'd like to see a longer-term trend there to start planning it a little more aggressively. I mean -- we're in a good position here based on the inflection. Again, the average -- the average basket was up significantly, customer traffic increased slightly, which is good. We'd like to see just a little bit longer trend there. We do like across the board where our average baskets look healthy, right, John? In terms of the total. So that's feeling really good.  If we can start to get a traffic increase on a regular basis will kind of be really off to the races on the sales, although we're feeling already that there's -- that we have some upside.
Operator: Our final question comes from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations on the quarter and a great year and I guess, a good start to this year. I just have one quick question. You've talked a lot about -- you've seen a little bit of an increase in traffic, up a little bit in the basket, but are you seeing a change in the way people are shopping your stores? Are they buying more units or just spending more of some of the price increases? Are you still seeing new people come into your customer file? I mean, from my vantage point, every person in the U.S. is already in your file, but I know that's not actually true. Can you just talk a little bit about what that looks like for us?
Ernie Herrman: Well, you know, Marni, yes, we'd like to thank every person [indiscernible]. We still have so much of the population that is not shopping us strangely enough which is why we're bullish on continuing to take -- here's what I think that happens in this environment, by the way, and it's going to help traffic even more is the store -- back to the store closures that are happening around us.  Marni, even if you factor in that half of those stores, only half of the categories marry up and create a visit to us. That's still a big number when you take in account the hundreds that are now slowing down or closing hundreds of stores. And I think that's going to play into us because we -- unfortunately, we wish we did. We don't have everyone shopping us, and we still have a lot.  We -- our market share continues to go up every year, however. And as you can tell by our performance, we are gaining percent of our sales is new customers without a doubt, and we track that. But it's a mix of new customers, up spend of existing as well as -- and some of the up spend is driven by an additional visit. Not necessarily on the basket, John.
John Klinger: Yes, I mean I would say we break down the fourth quarter is probably half transactions and half basket, probably leaning a little bit more towards transactions.
Marni Shapiro: That's fantastic. Best of luck with the...
Ernie Herrman: We do think, Marni, to what you're getting at is the -- we're starting to differentiate ourselves even more because of all the brands that we have and [indiscernible] shopper, we across the different brands and the different fashion looks and the different quality levels, we're covering it across a wide band of pricing throughout all of those and trying to appeal to wider customer range than your typical retailer, which I think is working.
Marni Shapiro: I think it's happening automatically on TikTok, you guys are cool, which is really hard to do when you're this bigger retailer. And for this generation, you're a cool place to shop. I can't believe I'm saying that, but it feels like something has changed.
Ernie Herrman: What you're saying is, so we look at the -- we have some marketing studies. But when you look at TikTok or you look at the average age of our new customers, and I'll give you one other metric, which I mentioned in the script is we're becoming a gifting destination all year long, which is an indication that we're cool because typically, [indiscernible] like gifts, they don't do it from uncool retailers. And years ago, I don't think we were a big candidate for gifting, and now we are throughout the year, which says we're cooler to your part.
Ernie Herrman: I appreciate all the time with everybody. And I think that's the end of our call. And thank you for joining us. We will be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. So thank you all for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. You may all disconnect, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2022-11-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, November 16, 2022. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Fran. Before we begin, Jeff has some opening comments.
Jeff Botte: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning. Joining me and Jeff on the call is Scott Goldenberg. As we announced today, John Klinger is being promoted to Chief Financial Officer at the beginning of our new fiscal year in late January. I wanted to take this opportunity to congratulate John on his broader role, and I look forward to working more closely with him as we move forward. Scott is remaining with the Company as Senior Executive Vice President, Finance. I would like to recognize his long and extremely successful tenure as CFO for which we are enormously grateful. I cannot emphasize enough how beneficial Scott has been to me personally. He has truly been a great partner. We are very pleased that TJX will continue to benefit from both, John and Scott's expertise and leadership. I'll start today by thanking all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment to TJX. We truly appreciate their collective efforts to deliver great merchandise and values to our shoppers every day. Now to our results. I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. Once again, we delivered strong profitability and a terrific merchandise margin. On the top line, our better-than-expected U.S. comp sales were driven by the excellent performance at Marmaxx, particularly its apparel business, where sales were strong. Our third quarter results once again highlight the outstanding execution of our flexible business model by our very talented associates. While our business is not immune to macro factors, I am convinced that the flexibility of our off-price retail model and the depth of our expertise and experience, especially within our merchant organization, will remain an important advantage for us. As we enter the fourth quarter, we're in a terrific position to take advantage of the tremendous buying environment and to flow fresh exciting assortments to our stores and online this holiday season. We have many initiatives planned to drive sales and our value proposition remains very strong. Further, we are convinced that our great values will continue to resonate with consumers whose wallets remain stretched. Medium and longer term, we remain extremely confident that TJX is well-positioned to gain market share and become an even more profitable company. I'll talk more about our holiday plans and our opportunities beyond 2022 in a moment. Before I continue, though, I'll turn the call over to Scott to cover our third quarter financial results in more detail. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some additional details on the third quarter. Third quarter consolidated pretax margin of 11.2% was up 20 basis points versus last year. Third quarter pretax margin exceeded the high end of our guidance, largely due to the timing of some expenses. Our plans for the fourth quarter assume that most of this benefit will reverse out. Aside from the timing of expenses, the other components of our pretax margin were essentially in line with the high end of our plan. Merchandise margin was flat, despite 120 basis points of incremental freight pressure. Within merchandise margin, we saw a significant benefit from markon, mostly due to better buying. Incremental wage costs continued to be a headwind to pretax margin with a negative impact of 80 basis points this quarter. Third quarter U.S. comp store sales decreased 2% and exceeded our expectations. As a reminder, we were anniversarying an outsized 16% U.S. open-only comp increase last year, which was versus fiscal '20. When added together, our comp would represent a 14% increase on a 3-year stack basis. Further, U.S. comp sales improved each month of the quarter on that same 3-year stack basis. Excluding foreign exchange, third quarter total sales would have been at the high end of our guidance. For the third quarter, U.S. average basket was up. U.S. customer traffic was down, but strengthened as the quarter progressed and improved versus the second quarter. Lastly, adjusted earnings per share were $0.86. Again, this was above the high end of our guidance, largely due to a benefit from the timing of some expenses, and our plans for the fourth quarter assume that most of this benefit will reverse out. Now to our divisional results. At Marmaxx, third quarter segment profit margin was 13.5%. Comp store sales increased 3% versus an 11% open-only comp increase last year. Marmaxx's comp sales were positive each month and improved throughout the quarter. Again, it was great to see a strong comp increase in Marmaxx's apparel business. Once again, Marmaxx's average basket increased as it has throughout the year. While customer traffic was down, Marmaxx saw improvement each month of the quarter and versus the second quarter. At HomeGoods, third quarter segment profit margin was 8.9%. The segment profit margin improvement versus the first half of this year was mostly due to a significant moderation of the year-over-year impact of incremental freight costs. Comp store sales decreased 16% versus a 34% open-only comp increase last year when we saw an outsized -- when we saw outsized spending in home-related categories. HomeGoods' average basket increased slightly. At TJX Canada, we are pleased with the overall -- with their overall performance, particularly their strong profitability. Third quarter segment profit margin was 15.8%, exceeding their fiscal '20 margin. Overall sales on a constant currency basis were up 4% in the third quarter. Further, third quarter Canadian sales growth also improved each month of the quarter when compared to fiscal '20. At TJX International, third quarter segment profit margin was 6.7%, despite some deleverage from lower sales. Pretax margin was essentially in line versus fiscal '20 due to better buying and expense management, which mostly offset incremental freight wage and other expense pressures. Overall sales on a constant currency basis were down 1% from the third quarter. Moving to inventory. Our balance sheet inventory was up 26% versus the third quarter last year. This is higher than we expected due to early receipts of merchandise as the supply chain continued to improve. On a per-store basis, inventory was up 31% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with our balance sheet and store inventory levels when compared to fiscal '20. Importantly, overall store inventory turns and markdowns are in line with our fiscal '20 levels. We still have plenty of liquidity and are in excellent position to take advantage of the great buying environment, including packaway opportunities. I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. During the third quarter, we generated $1.1 billion of operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in cash. In the third quarter, we returned $843 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now, I will turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Now, I'd like to highlight the opportunities we see to drive traffic and sales in the fourth quarter. First, in this inflationary environment, we believe it is important as ever to deliver shoppers excellent value throughout the store and online every time they visit. This is our top priority, and I am confident that our banners will be a destination for consumers seeking great value this holiday season. Second, as I've been saying all year long, the marketplace is absolutely loaded with quality branded merchandise across good, better and best brands. Importantly, this has set us up very well to offer an excellent assortment of branded gifts this holiday season that we believe will excite and inspire our shoppers. Third, I want to highlight that we plan to flow fresh product to our stores and online multiple times a week, which is a key differentiator of our business compared to many other retailers. With the rapidly changing merchandise mix, I am confident that shoppers are going to be very satisfied with the gift assortments they see every time they visit. Our store teams are excellent at managing this flow and creating fresh organized shopping presentations throughout our stores. Next, we feel great about our holiday marketing campaigns that just launched. We believe these campaigns can help drive traffic from both, new and existing shoppers across each of our banners. This year, each of our divisions will reinforce our value leadership and emphasize that shoppers can get more for their money when they visit. We are also highlighting the fresh flow of merchandise throughout the holiday season with messaging such as Spend Less, Get More, All Season Long. In the U.S. and Canada, we are leveraging the strengths of our retail brand portfolio and multi-banner campaigns, helping to drive efficiencies and building awareness. Further, for all our retail banners, we have strong comprehensive marketing plans in place to help us stand out. Lastly, the flexibility of our business model has allowed us to successfully operate our business against some level of retail promotion every year for the past 46 years. I really want to emphasize that we are extremely confident that we can manage through any type of promotional environment that we may see from other retailers in the fourth quarter and beyond. Looking beyond this year, we are convinced that we are set up very well to capitalize on the growth opportunities we see for our business in the medium and long term. On the top line, we believe we are well positioned to capture additional market share. We see many opportunities to drive sales and traffic as we attract a wide range of customers across many income demographics, which we believe is a key advantage of our business. Further, we have substantial store growth potential remaining in our current geographies around the world. In a retail environment where overall pricing has been reset higher, we believe our value proposition will be even more compelling and visible to consumers and that our treasure hunt shopping experience will hold tremendous appeal. I want to reiterate our continued confidence in product availability to support our long-term growth plans. Throughout our history, availability of quality-branded inventory has never been an issue for us. Our more than 1,200 buyers source from a universe of approximately 21,000 vendors and from over 100 countries. There has always been significantly more merchandise in the marketplace than we could buy, and we expect that to continue. As to our profitability outlook, we remain committed to returning to our fiscal 2020 pretax margin level. To be clear, that would be a 10.6% pretax margin by fiscal 2025. Over the next two years, our plans assume additional merchandise margin opportunities across all of our divisions. We also expect our overall expense headwinds to moderate and that freight will be a tailwind next year. Lastly, this outlook assumes that our overall comp store sales will return to a low single-digit increase in each of the next two years. Turning to corporate responsibility. I am pleased to share with you that our 2022 global corporate responsibility report was published this past quarter and is available on tjx.com. This report summarizes our fiscal 2022 initiatives and progress within our four areas of focus, which are workplace, communities, environmental sustainability and responsible business. The report includes an appendix of ESG data and maps our work and disclosures to a variety of ESG standards and frameworks, including The Global Reporting Initiative, United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. We're proud to continue to make progress in our programs and initiatives, and I'm grateful to our teams around the globe for the work they do to support our global priorities. As always, we invite you to visit tjx.com to read our full report, and we'll continue to update the site over the next year. In closing, I want to again thank all of our associates around the world for their hard work that led to our strong results in the third quarter. Our teams have put us in an excellent position this holiday season. I am convinced that we have some of the best talent in all of retail and across all areas of the business. Further, I believe their depth of off-price knowledge and expertise is unmatched and has driven our strong execution. I truly believe our associates will continue to be a major advantage for TJX going forward. I'm convinced that the flexibility of our off-price model and our commitment to value set us apart and have allowed us to successfully operate in many different economic, retail and promotional environments. While we are impacted by macro factors, we have historically outperformed in both, good and bad environments throughout our 45-plus-year history. We are confident that we can execute on our short- and long-term growth plans to build TJX into an increasingly profitable $60 billion plus revenue company. Now, I'll turn the call back to Scott to cover our full year and fourth quarter guidance. And then, we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks again, Ernie. I'll start with the full year. We increased our outlook for full year U.S. comp sales and now expect them to be down 1% to down 2% versus our previous guidance of down 2% to down 3%. This guidance now reflects the flow-through of our above-plan third quarter U.S. comp sales and our increased expectations for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we're now planning total TJX sales in the range of $49.3 billion to $49.5 billion. The change versus our previous guidance is due to our forecast that unfavorable foreign exchange rates will negatively impact our fourth quarter reported sales. For full year adjusted pretax margins, we're anticipating a range of 9.8% to 9.9%, maintaining the high end of our full year margin guidance. For full year adjusted earnings per share, we now expect a range of $3.07 to $3.11 million, which is up 8% to 9% over last year's adjusted $2.85. The change to the high end versus our previous guidance is due to an incremental $0.02 negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Excluding this foreign exchange incremental foreign exchange impact, the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance would be unchanged. For modeling purposes, for the full year, we're currently anticipating approximately 130 basis points of incremental freight expense and 70 basis points of incremental wage costs. Also, we're assuming an adjusted tax rate of 25.3%, net interest expense of approximately $10 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.18 billion. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through our dividend and stock repurchase programs. In fiscal '23, we continue to expect to buy back 2.25 to 2.50 of TJX stock. Now to the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we are increasing our plan for U.S. comp store sales to be flat to up 1% over an outsized 13% U.S. open-only comp store sales increase last year. Next, we are planning total fourth quarter TJX sales in the range of $13.9 billion to $14.1 billion. In the fourth quarter, we're now assuming -- in the fourth quarter, we're now planning pretax margin in the range of 9.5% to 9.8%. This outlook now assumes that most of our third -- the third quarter timing of expenses -- the expense benefit will reverse out in the fourth quarter. For modeling purposes, in the fourth quarter, we're currently expecting a headwind from incremental wage costs and for freight to be flat. We're also anticipating a tax rate of 24.9%, net interest income of approximately $19 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.17 billion. As a result of all of these assumptions, we're planning fourth quarter EPS of $0.85 to $0.89 per share. This outlook now assumes that most of the third quarter timing of benefit -- of expense benefits will reverse out in the fourth quarter and also reflects an expected unfavorable impact due to foreign exchange rates. In closing, I want to highlight that we are in great position operationally and financially to grow our business. We have a very strong balance sheet and continue to generate outstanding cash flow. Further, we are set up extremely well to continue making important investments to support the growth of our business while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we're happy to take your questions. And as we do every quarter, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person, so we can keep the call on schedule and commence our questions from as many analysts as we can. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Great job in the quarter. Ernie, if you take a look at the consumer, a macro lens for your business, maybe you could talk a little bit about whether you're still seeing any resistance to the pricing that you put for your business and to the products? And also any trade-down effects showing up whether inside your business or you're pulling consumers in some other more premium channels? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Omar. Well, on the macro lens, with regard to the pricing, we are seeing very, very little resistance. And I would say our hit rate is in the 90-plus-percent in terms of success on measuring it. In fact, at one point, I think, Scott and his script talked about how our turns are essentially where they were in FY20, which is always a barometer. So, we look at pre-COVID, and we get all the way down to a SKU level. So, we look at categories, we look at apartments and then we go to SKU level. And obviously, we zero-in on where we've adjusted the retail. And because of what's happened around us where the retails have gone up so much significantly, we have really been so effective at it and hit extremely low resistance. So, a lot more, I guess, opportunity as we move forward to keep doing because we've spot it, as you can imagine, we're also spotting places where we've gone up for retail and we can go up again. So you have that dynamic, which is a little unusual because sometimes we do an intermediate price point raise, and the goods, whether it's apparel or hard lines, have gone up a couple of price points because remember, some of the inflationary hits have been more than just 2% or 3%. So, there are some items that have gone up 10% or 20%, and we've only gone up the first price point. So, all in all, Omar, definitely more opportunity there, if anything, in terms of pricing stance. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Hi Omar. Scott. The other thing, and we said this last quarter, I'll use Marmaxx as the example, in terms of our sales, and obviously, we had some outperformance at Marmaxx. It's the consistency. So asking on the trade down, not necessarily saw that we saw any. But it was just a consistency across regions, across age of stores, across locations, urban, suburban, rural, across volume. Almost any way you look at it, we saw that same level of consistency. Most of our departments improved versus the second quarter, as you would expect, as the overall numbers went up. And I think it goes back to what Ernie has been saying just the strong execution of our buying and planning and our allocation teams.
Ernie Herrman: The interesting thing, Omar, that we're -- we try -- I tried to emphasize in the script is the nature of one of our biggest, biggest strengths. We've talked about this before, we probably don't emphasize it enough is the fact that we trade so broadly between the good, better and best in the brands, and it makes it a little -- by the way, to what Scott said, it makes it a little tougher to read if there a trade down or not because we're not going after a certain demographic. I mean, we're trying to trade as broadly as we can. We're going after demos, all different income levels, age levels. And we do not go after one sector of good, better or best goods. And so I think it's actually tough to see are you taking from one trade down area when, in fact, I think in some cases because we've had some great buys I see a list every week at the good level, which means in some cases, we could -- we're taking good sideways, not necessarily trade-down from other retailers, if that makes sense. So again, I think we're in the advantage of having a good, better, best wide offering is going to continue to serve TJX well on taking market share.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: I wanted to dig in on inventory a little bit further. Are there any pockets of excess inventory, particularly in home? And then what does your packaway capacity look like? If you were to purchase a large volume of spring product, does that preclude you from taking advantage of some of the great deals you're seeing during holiday?
Scott Goldenberg: I'll actually prompt Ernie to actually talk first about the markdowns and overall how that's been.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think, Lorraine, so great question. One of the things we do, I think that is also different than what some of our counterparts, not just on off-price, counterparts across the board is we take aggressive timely markdowns throughout the year. And with that, it becomes a -- even if we end up with, well, I guess, you'd call it, liability of inventory, something you're kind of, I think, touching on there, we clear those situations fast. And because we turn so fast, as you know, I think all of you know, we turn our home inventories extremely fast. We have a high standard on taking aggressive markdowns there probably as much as anywhere, if not more so. And so, it never precludes us taking advantage of other opportunities in the market because we're always addressing any issues we have in our stores or inventory very quickly. So, it really limits any excess inventory situation that we would have anywhere within the box, within its online. And by the way, that applies to whether it's HomeGoods or home within Marmaxx or home within Winners in Canada or HomeSense in Europe, it applies to every brand. Great question, by the way, because if we manage that differently, and this is where I think it goes to the talent that we have, the seasoning and other people have a similar model of business, does not mean they execute it the same and take the markdowns as aggressively as we do. And I think, again, it's another advantage.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So talking about just the markdowns this year, we keep talking about our markdowns, rate has been better all year than our fiscal '20 levels. Although our markdowns have been slightly higher than what we had anticipated, but they've been built into each forecast that we give you and have largely been exactly where we thought they would end up. So, no surprises there. Again, just to reiterate, we have adjusted -- most of our -- a lot of our inventory pickup has been due to getting inventories a bit earlier than we expected as the supply chain improved quicker than what we had -- when we had ordered the goods, and they just came in quicker. But we expect, again, our inventories to come in at the end of the year, we've adjusted all our open to buys, the receipts will obviously a bit less receipts this year than last fourth quarter. And really, so by flushing that inventory down, we'll have both inventory levels where you want and great cash flow in the fourth quarter compared to both last year and even compared to fiscal '20.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter and a tough backdrop.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So Ernie, could you speak to drivers of comp improvement as the quarter progressed? And notably, I think you cited sequential acceleration in traffic. Maybe how you see Marmaxx positioned to take share in holiday? And then Scott, merchandise margin, if you exclude freight, remains materially above 2019 levels. I guess, maybe if you could just help walk through what are the structural improvements in the model that you see relative to pre-pandemic?
Ernie Herrman: All right. Yes. So Matt, let me go with the first couple, and then Scott will jump in with regard to some of the margin aspects. Yes, acceleration within the quarter, total sales. But I think what you're getting at is on some of the categories, we mentioned that our -- and we're very pleased with this, our apparel in general and Marmaxx outpaced the store. So, that is an extremely healthy barometer for us. It also means that we are going to be driving more traffic down the road. When we do that, it's very healthy. Whenever we typically run some of our best market share gains is because the whole store is participating. And of course, last year, you had across the board, not just in TJX, a home business that was over indexing in most businesses, but we are very happy, particularly happy with our apparel business in Marmaxx. So, when you ask what any categories help driving it, yes, apparel ironically. And I don't think that is the same story with other retailers. I think you're going to hear more mixed reads as more results come out on the apparel business. Once again, I'll give you the different why do I think our apparel shines. And by the way, this -- I think we're performing better in every division there is because of the branded content, good, better, best brands. So, our apparel is not non-branded-driven. It's brand-driven, and it's across good, better and best. And that applies to whether it's our ladies business or our men's or our kids business. We try to go after all three levels and really have a branded focus, not a private label focus. So, I think that's really, really key. And I think that's why I look at the future, you're asking, I think one of your questions there was about Marmaxx, how we position, open to buys in great shape. And we have open to buy in all the areas that are some of our harder driving sales, better sales performing areas right now. And I also look at the on order because we can see some of the -- again, we buy close to need, but we still can see our first quarter on order because as we start buying and putting goods into those buckets, so to speak, the branded content based on what's been available in the market, this applies not just to apparel. This applies to accessories or to our hardlines areas, to our tech areas. The branded content is really going to be at a new level here going forward. And a lot of that is the nature of what's been happening in the marketplace just yielding an amount of inventory across all of these brands that is beyond what we normally see. I'll let Scott now talk to the margin.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Well, I'm not the expert. I'm actually why we're buying better. So, I'll let Ernie say that.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I didn't mean for you to.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So, Ill hit a bit on the technical side there. I think -- when we look back since the beginning of the year and what we did in the last -- in August is that our retails have largely, as we've said for the last couple of quarters, has been unchanged. So not because we're raising retails anymore or anything less than what we thought it's really -- they basically what we thought has happened. The cost increases have been have come through. They haven't been changing dramatically, and our retails have raised up slightly above the cost, but haven't -- we haven't done that any more than what we have thought. What has changed over the last couple of quarters and when we changed our forecast last quarter is that the -- we're buying better, the marketplace, as we said, was absolutely loaded and we've actually been buying better. Some of this -- and again, is -- the freight is largely coming in where we want a little timing between the third and fourth quarter. Markdowns came in slightly higher, but again on our forecast, but it's largely we're actually buying better than what we thought not a retail increase more than what we thought. So -- and again, we would expect the same thing in the fourth quarter to have a strong merchandise margin by -- and with better overall markon. So, that's about all I have to say on merchandise margin.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I'll just jump in, Matt. I think Scott's saying really it's been a two-pronged effort in terms of buying the goods better and retailing. The retailing continues. But I think the new news is that we are buying better based on the market environment than I think we had even anticipated back a couple of months ago. Although thats where I think anything you'd read about the availability in that, creating more inventory out there for models of business like us to take advantage of that -- that part is turning out to be true, so.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And we've also been helped out as we thought it would because we saw the apparel getting better as we move through the back half of the year. And last year, it was all about having a significantly higher home contribution. We're kind of back to where we were from the apparel home contribution at the end of this third quarter where we were back in fiscal '20. So, it's almost been a 6%, 7% change in the apparel home contribution, which certainly has benefited us a bit on just from a mix point of view on the average retail.
Operator: Our next question now is from Brooke Roach.
Brooke Roach: Ernie, I wanted to follow up on a few of the high level guardrails that you provided into next year and calendar 2024. As you contemplate that low single-digit comp sales increase that you've suggested next year, are there any puts and takes that we should be contemplating by major banner? And do you expect this to be led by a sequential increase in traffic, or will this be a balanced traffic and ticket driver as a result of ongoing pricing strategy and better branded availability in the stores?
Ernie Herrman: Awesome, those are good high-level questions. I think the first one on the single-digit comp. Hard to -- first of all, hard for us to call today on how much will be from traffic or ticket. We're being very conservative on our traffic expectations based on what's going on, but I think it's probably going to be a combination. But it is a little early for us to kind of step out and make a call on that. And your first part of the question is, I think, how much does it vary by -- does it vary by banner. And right now, our initial thinking is it's in a pretty narrow bandwidth by banner. They're all going to be planned fairly similarly within a couple of points, I would say. This is not different than this past year. And the volatility of what's around us is making it a little challenging for us to kind of Scott and his team, myself with all the SEVPs who try to figure out what's our best guess. But who could forecast some of the things that have happened even this year, where sales are not where we had projected. Having said that, we've been able to execute in a different manner and pull off some things that I think strategically are going to benefit us on the long term. The flexibility of our model, but the team that we have executing that flex. We've executed -- I believe the team has executed really well. So again, I have to be a little vague on that because we're not sure. The only thing I can tell you is right now, our initial thinking on our banners is, they'll be in a pretty narrow bandwidth all planned fairly similarly.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: I just want to go back to the markon benefit that you spoke about. You said that it helped in 3Q. I think it's been helping you. But maybe, Scott, can you frame the benefit that you saw in 3Q versus prior quarters? Also how are you thinking about markon in 4Q relative to what you've been seeing? And then, also just curious about the expenses, just the nature of the expenses that shifted out of 3Q and into 4Q, what were those? If you could just give any detail there? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We're not going into the detail just due to the timing of multitude of items, some related to inventory, flow and the related costs and/or expenses or how they get capitalized between one quarter and another. So, that's really all to say on that. In terms of the margin, if you look at it on a three-year basis on our markon, similar levels of -- it's largely going to be driven by strong markon, whether it's on a three-year basis or a two-year basis, and nothing really much more to add there. It can't break it down because there's tens of thousands of items. So, it's a combination of some retail and better buying and it's hard to parse out exactly what goes to which, but it's a combination of the both. Certainly, again, as we've talked about over the course of the last 6, 7 quarters having a slightly higher average retail helps on the expense lines, whether it's in the freight, stores and DC, and that's a good chunk of some of the benefit we've been getting as well.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. If I could just pivot one other the direction, Ernie. Just there's some concerns, just macro concerns out there over in Europe. I'm curious how you feel the business is positioned over there to take advantage of maybe consumers looking for value, maybe what you're seeing over there from a promotional perspective and competitive positioning of the business.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Paul, great question. We talk about this all the time. And the environment there is at a different level of challenging. From here, it's even more serious, and you have the market drops by retailer there or even more significant than they are here. Our sales have been below our expectations there. But what we do is we look at our sales performance against the retail market, and we have been trending basically 500 to 1,000 basis points ahead of the competition there. So, we don't like our -- the way the consumer is getting hit there and affecting us. But relatively speaking, we are actually gaining significant market share there. So, our outlook there is over the next year or two to continue to gain more market share and take advantage as things level off there. And we're staying extremely liquid and demanding the same type of -- looking for the same type of healthy terms and model execution that we do here. Being a little patient with the environment -- cant control. We can't control the traffic. We can measure there and we do the footfall going into our stores, and that has been off, not the conversion of when they're in our stores. So, the good news is when the customer is in our store, they're very happy with the mix they find, and they are buying at a conversion rate very similar to before. So that's not the issue. The issue is footfall is off. And -- but it's off less for us than it is for the competition. So, Scott
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean the other thing is, given the environment over there, it's even more difficult for most -- for many retailers. And it's certainly -- and Ernie can jump in after me. But we're certainly adding as many new vendors as we have in the past and probably getting our fair share of good, better and probably even more better and best over there in terms of the branded quality.
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely.
Scott Goldenberg: So, I think that's the thing. And given the environment, we've talked about this before, we're still taking advantage of when -- of both relocation opportunities at good rates and obviously getting lower rates when we -- our leases come. So, we're minimizing some of the costs, taking advantage of those aspects that we can.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Paul, Scott was bringing up a good point there. The level of what you do have in a situation like this is there's some -- I was talking about the good, better, best, how we go after all three. We've had a disproportionate amount of better and best goods over there and from some brands and sizable deals that normally we wouldn't have seen or open some vendors we wouldn't have opened as recently. So, that all bodes well. That's our -- truly our best form of marketing and our best form of capturing a customer for the long term. So again, I think we'll just stay patient and we'll weather -- and we have to execute the way we always do. And we'll mitigate any margin range or anything like that because we're keeping the business clean.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager.
Mark Altschwager: I guess, first for Scott, with respect to freight, just any further color on what you're seeing in terms of the inbound versus trends in domestic freight expenses, and how you're thinking about the recapture opportunity next year? And then Ernie, you've emphasized the gifting position quite a bit over the last few years. Can you talk about some of the learnings from recent years that you've incorporated into your holiday assortment and marketing plans this year that support your confidence? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Yes, we're certainly not going to go into giving specific guidance at this point in time. But, there's been largely no major changes to what we thought would happen at the back half of this year and consequently what we thought would happen next year. But when we were giving the long-range guidance out for '24 and '25 going to that 10.6%, it contemplated over the course of those two years some freight benefit. And we still are assuming that due to -- whether it's less demerge or some of the ocean freight or some of the other factors and over two years switching some of it to more intermodal than we currently have, we do see a freight as a tailwind, but we're not going into the details, certainly give that more on the -- when we give more detailed guidance on the February call. But yes, we definitely -- it's built in, none of the factors have really changed from what we thought over the last -- so yes, so a tailwind over the next two years on that. And obviously, as I think we stated earlier, the freight will go down significantly from the third quarter impact over last year or over 20 versus the fourth quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Mark, so talking about our gifting position, yes, we've talked about that every year for the last few years. What's really neat, I think, for us on what we've done in every banner and every geography we're in, as we have become a cooler -- we've talked about our entertainment question and all that, but we have been cooler for gifting because now we're hitting even younger audiences that are very comfortable buying gifts from us. I think the big thing that's happened over the last handful of years, and we have really accelerated during COVID is, a, our in-store experience from our -- and I mentioned this in the script, let's start with our store ops teams and our field organization really does an amazing job on setting up our stores for gift-giving well beyond what we did 6 or 7 years ago. And I give them a lot of credit on how we present giftable tables and features and knowing where to put certain items toward the register and really catering to impulse gift items. And they do it with -- across the board with good, better and best goods. And they are just phenomenal at setting up the -- and that's whether it's in a Marmaxx store or a HomeGoods store, a Sierra, you name it, Winners, T.K. Maxx, every division is all over the gift-giving presentation and execution from a store level. Secondly, we are now more branded than ever. So, if you think about -- if you want to give a gift and this applies to any demo on any age group, any income level, you ideally are going to lean towards giving a branded gift. It doesn't feel good to give a private label gift or a gift that's just kind of generic. While we become -- and then this holiday, we will be more branded than ever, I think that's going to bode well for our gift business as we get even closer to Christmas. And then, the third aspect that we've tried to do every year in terms of gifting is a lot of gifting is done -- significant amount is done closer to Christmas every year. It moves back a little bit. And so we, last year, ran out of a little bit of steam right towards Christmas. So, we think one of our fourth quarter opportunities this year is to have fresh flowing branded goods that are gift-oriented coming in later, which we are significantly going after this year, which I think is going to bode well for our Q4 sales, especially in the last week or two right before Christmas. So, I think that touches on why -- again, two of those reasons are really why we've been doing better every year at it. This last one, I think, is really about this year last year comparison. But I intend for us every year to continue to get better and grab more market share at holiday. Even though years ago, we were not thought of as a gift destination. I think now we're absolutely becoming that. So, thank you for the question, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a nice quarter. And Scott, I'll have to add my congrats to you here on the next steps. I think you said -- just a near-term one, I think you said on the three-year rate was increasing throughout the third quarter. Strong exit rate, the guidance looks like it's taking a little bit of a deceleration in that three-year rate. Maybe just a comment on what you're seeing on November versus if that's from your expectation, the rest of the quarter, any source of conservatism that you want to hold back? And then, Scott, a little math on the consensus model, looks like expectations are for about a 2% to 3% comp in that combined U.S. business in the first half next year. You looked at a number of things. You're comfortable with/excited about it. I just want to make sure you think that's reasonable.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We haven't given any guidance on how we're breaking out getting to the 10.6% from next year or the year after. So we haven't -- we don't have any details to both share at this point or have on the breakout by quarter for next year. In terms of this -- the fourth quarter, the start to the fourth quarter, your question that overall U.S. comps have improved over the last day or so. But, as there was some unseasonable weather early on, however, this has been factored into our increased Q4 U.S. comp guidance. So I guess, again, just all factored into what we're -- what we've contemplated.
Michael Binetti: Makes sense. And maybe I could follow up with one just a little bit further out. Based on the buys that you commented on, I'm wondering how long you think you're going to have -- how long do you have visibility to having these great branded assortments? Do you have visibility via your packaway into this great good, better, best assortment of branded goods into fall of next year at this point?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Michael, so the good better, best has -- that type of content has been there prior to the recent surge of availability. And I would think that will continue to the level that it's at here, which is unusually flooded market across well more than we could ever buy. It's hard to have visibility really as to the long term. The only thing I would say, as I said in the script, is for 40-something years we've always had more availability out there than we can buy. So, I don't see that changing. And I'll give you -- and even if it lean -- here's the other thing, and I didn't get to mention this earlier. Even if the availability out there comes down a little. One thing that has happened during COVID, and as we've seen over recently as for our merchants and our vendors, we have become even more important to them than ever before. So we always like to think we're the first call, I think from a different perspective, we have just become without a doubt, the most important for the branded market, I'm talking, we have become even more important as a relationship for them to liquidate their goods and to know that if they get aggressive on some of their cuts ahead, which, again, most of those cuts are imports that we're going to be there for them. So, we -- I think they know that even more so now when our relationships are there better than ever.
Scott Goldenberg: And Michael, the packaway, were you asking about the level of packaway?
Michael Binetti: I'm just wondering if you already know that you've got good packaway for -- in goods that can be deployed in the fall season next year if the content and the amount of branded goods that you're very excited about clearly today. You have in-store today visibility in packaway today visibility that you'll be able to have those goods before next fall.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We're not at a high level of packaway at this point in time. We're probably -- even or slightly lower than what we would have been. So it's more on the come on what we will or could buy for the rest of the year
Ernie Herrman: I'll jump in there on that. What could happen because of the availability is, typically, we're -- still right now is we're just in the middle of November. You're in this time, Michael, when actually you're using the goods. So, you don't -- and we don't -- you kind of wait for you buy through a lot of these current goods. And as you go through it, as you get toward maybe December, you start saying, okay, there's goods in that category from that vendor left. I am now going to look at packing those away. My gut would say to me there's going to be more of that later than there was prior. So, as Scott said, we're not -- right now, we don't see that. Just based on what's out there, however, I would guess there will be more packaways coming out of this Christmas that we would pack away for next fall than we did last year.
Operator: Our next question from Chuck Grom.
Chuck Grom: Congrats on a good quarter. Typically, consumers trade down during these tough economic times, but that's clearly not the case for you yet. And I guess, I'm curious why you think that's different today? And I guess, when you look ahead, when do you think you may start to see that? Walmart has called it out, the dollar stores have started to call it out, but you and your peers have not. So just curious if you think it's on the come? And I guess, if you have any sense of when you think it might start to see it based on history in the business?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Chuck, I think it's not -- I guess, it's hard for us to read if it's trade-down or if we're just getting it across the board. So that -- so I think what we were trying to say before is we can't read if it's trade-down because again, part of that goes to we buy across good, better -- we're buying -- we're trying to service almost every customer. So, what happens is, I think we get trade sideways. Right now, we're gaining market share from across the board. And so, that's -- I wouldn't say we're not getting some trade down. I would say that's just a piece out of many of the trade-overs, I guess you would call it. It's too hard for we can't seem to read -- and Scott even mentioned, I think if you look region by region, where you would look at some of the stores that might be closing where might have created the trade down, we're not seeing any significant difference by region, which is telling us we're kind of getting a little everywhere. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. If you go back again, history, 14, 15 years during the last recession, it was a little more pronounced at the higher income demographics where you were -- given the stock market impact and people -- and overall it was more pronounced in those demographics. So, it's more noticeable. Again, I think Ernie said it right. It's so across the board and so consistent, it's just -- we just may be getting it more across than just from the top end.
Ernie Herrman: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you very much. The final question for the day will be from Dana Tesley.
Dana Telsey: Hi. And congratulations, John, and congratulations, Scott. Can you expand a little bit more on the HomeGoods business, exactly what you're seeing there and how you see that path of improvement coming from, and what you saw in home versus apparel? I mean, Ernie, you mentioned that apparel over -- and it goes back to the normalized index. But what should we be expecting from home and margin opportunity go forward? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So for sales and margin, Dana, is where you're getting at going forward. Our outlook that we start to -- next year because we were up against enormous increases this year as was everybody. The good news is from what I've seen across the board, yes, we're dropping in our home business, but not as much as some of the other retailers that -- so we feel -- again, we look at that barometer. We're hoping that next year, we get to a home sales trend that's more back to -- as I said earlier, back to those low single-digit comps is what we would hope. Margin-wise, there should be some upside because of what's happening with freight becoming a bit of a tailwind. And as you know, the home business was hit significantly by freight more so than most of the other businesses. I do feel that we wouldn't have an outpacing home business. It probably starts to track toward the rest of our business. Again, tough to forecast with what's going on and all the volatility around us in the environment. But that's kind of our outlook right now. The beauty of our business is we play a hand to mouth close in. And if we're not seeing that, we'll adjust We are bullish on our accessories and apparel business still moving forward because it looks like there's consistent opportunity as well as there's some newness there. And newness always bodes well in our business as far as generating a reason to buy an impulse, which our business has so much built on impulse SKUs and categories and -- so again, we just feel good across the board. Good question.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. And I think that was our last question for today. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. So, thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you very much for participating.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-08-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, August 17, 2022. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Sheila. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Ill start today by once again thanking each of our global associates for their hard work. I truly appreciate their commitment to bringing our customers excellent value every day. Now, to our results. I am very pleased with our second quarter pretax profit margin, which was above our plan and our earnings per share, which are at the high end of our plan. This is despite U.S. comp sales coming in lighter than we expected as we believe historically high inflation impacted consumer discretionary spending. We achieved the strong profitability through better-than-expected merchandise margin and disciplined expense management. I cant emphasize enough how this quarter is a testament to how great our business model is. Our teams executed our off-price fundamentals extremely well, and our merchants did an excellent job buying the right merchandise in the right categories. Across the company, our talented associates all played a part in delivering great value to our customers every day and helped our company drive strong profitability in the quarter. As we enter the second half of the year, we see the flexibility of our business and our value proposition as key advantages in the current retail landscape. While were not immune to macro factors, over our 46-year history, the flexibility of our off-price model and our commitment to value have served us very well in different kinds of macro environments. We attract a wide range of customers, which we believe is a key advantage in todays environment. Long term, we remain very confident in our plans to capture market share and improve the profitability profile of TJX. Ill talk more about our opportunities for the remainder of 2022 and beyond in a moment. But before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to cover our second quarter financial results in more detail.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Id like to echo Ernies comments and thank all of our global associates for their continued dedication to TJX. Ill start with some additional details on the second quarter. Second quarter consolidated pretax margin of 9.2% was above our plan. We are very pleased with our strong flow through, despite our softer sales. Our pretax margin outperformance was primarily driven by merchandise margin and effective expense management, which were both better than we planned. Pretax margin was down 150 basis points versus last years adjusted 10.7%. Merchandise margin had a significant benefit from a combination of strong mark-on and our pricing initiative, but was down due to 240 basis points of incremental freight pressure. Incremental wage costs were 80 basis points. Second quarter U.S. comp store sales decreased 5% over an outsized 21% open-only comp increase last year versus fiscal 20, which when summed together would be a 16% comp increase on a three-year stack basis. Moving on, we are very pleased that our comp sales in our overall apparel business at Marmaxx were slightly positive every month of the quarter. U.S. home comp sales were down low teens versus a 37% U.S. home open-only comp increase last year and were the primary driver of the U.S. softer -- of the softer U.S. sales trends we saw. For the second quarter, U.S. average basket was up, driven by a higher average ticket, and U.S. customer traffic was down. Lastly, earnings per share of $0.69 were at the high end of our plan. Now, to our divisional results. At Marmaxx, second quarter segment profit was 12.9%. Comp store sales decreased 2% versus an 18% open-only comp increase last year. Again, it was great to see their overall apparel comps slightly positive. While customer traffic was down, we saw an increase in Marmaxxs average basket, driven by a higher average ticket. At HomeGoods, second quarter segment profit of 2.7% was hurt by nearly 800 basis points of incremental freight costs. Comp store sales decreased 13% versus a 36% open-only comp increase last year when we saw outsized spending in home-related categories. HomeGoods average basket increased significantly driven by a higher average ticket, and customer traffic decreased. We were very pleased with the improvement in profitability we saw at our international divisions. At TJX Canada, second quarter segment profit margin of 15.8% exceeded their pre-COVID Q2 fiscal 20 level. Overall sales increased 22% and benefited from having stores open all quarter this year. On a constant currency basis, TJX Canada sales were up 28% in the second quarter. At TJX International, second quarter segment margin of 7% was significantly higher than the first quarter and also exceeded their pre-COVID Q2 fiscal 20 level. Overall sales decreased 7%. This sales decline is entirely due to the impact of foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, TJX International sales were up 6% in the second quarter. As to e-commerce, it remains a very small percentage of our overall sales. We continue to add new brands and categories to our sites so shoppers can see something every -- something new every time they visit. Moving to inventory. Our balance sheet inventory was up 39% versus the second quarter last year. On a per-store basis, inventory is up 35% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with our balance sheet and store inventory levels. Importantly, overall store inventory turns are better than our pre-pandemic levels. Ill finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. During the second quarter, we generated $641 million of operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in cash. In the second quarter, we returned over $1 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now, I will turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Id like to start by sharing the key traffic, sales and profitability opportunities we see for the remainder of the year. Starting with the top line. First, we are excited about our merchandising plans for the fall and holiday season. Again, this year, we will be flowing eclectic assortments to our stores and online multiple times a week. This is a strategy that has worked well for many years and sets us apart from other retailers during the busy holiday season as shoppers can see something new every time they visit us. We are confident that we can execute on our merchandising initiatives and manage our supply chain to keep our shelves fully stocked. Second, availability of merchandise across good, better, and best brands is exceptional. We have plenty of open-to-buy, and I have great confidence that our buying team of more than 1,200 buyers will bring the right brands, fashions and values to our consumers throughout the years. Next, we are laser-focused on driving traffic and sales with our marketing initiatives. This year, we have sharpened our messaging to reinforce our value leadership position. Each of our banners are communicating that we offer shoppers more for their money, and at the same time, deliver great brands and quality. In an environment where consumer wallets are stretched, we believe it is as important as ever to amplify our value messaging across television, digital and social media platforms. I also want to highlight that our customer satisfaction scores remain very strong. Further, we continue to attract a significant number of millennial and Gen Z shoppers, which we believe bodes well for the future. Moving to profitability. We are extremely pleased that we are able to increase our full year pretax margin guidance in this environment, giving us confidence of the merchandise margin opportunities we see. The buying environment is very attractive, and we believe we can continue to benefit from buying better. Further, our pricing initiative is working very well. Our teams have done an outstanding job implementing this initiative over the past year, and we are very pleased that our value perception scores remain very strong. Again, we are seeing extraordinary off-price buying opportunities in the marketplace and have no issues with overall availability. We are in a terrific inventory position, and we have plenty of open-to-buy to take advantage of the current environment. This allows us to offer even more exciting merchandise and value to our shoppers, which is our top priority every day. Lastly, we remain focused on managing expenses and continue to look at ways to operate our business more efficiently. Now, Id like to remind you of the characteristics of our business that we believe strongly position us to continue our successful growth around the world over the medium and long term. First and foremost is the strong appeal of our great values, outstanding merchandise and differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience. Further we believe the ability to touch and feel merchandise and take it home the same day is very important to consumers. Second, we see an excellent opportunity to grow our global store base by at least another 1,500 stores in our current geographies. We are extremely confident that there will be more than enough real estate locations and merchandise available to support our store growth plans. Again, being one of the most flexible retailers in the world is a tremendous advantage. The flexibility of our opportunistic buying, supply chain and store format enable us to change up our floor space to expand to hot categories and trends that shoppers are looking for. As to profitability beyond this year, we remain committed to returning to our pre-COVID pretax margin level of 10.6% within three years. We expect that across all of our divisions, our merchandise margin opportunities, the moderation of expense headwinds, particularly freight, and our focus on expense management will contribute to our improved profitability. As always, we believe driving outsized sales is our best opportunity to improve pretax margin over the long term. Turning to corporate responsibility. Id like to update you on our commitment to building a more inclusive and diverse workplace. Last year, we completed our global associate inclusion and diversity survey. This was an important step, and we used the findings to help to find three global inclusion and diversity priorities for the company: increase the representation of diverse associates throughout all levels of our talent pipeline; equip leaders with the tools to support difference with awareness, fairness, sensitivity and transparency; and empower all associates to integrate inclusive behaviors, language and practices and how we work together and understand our role and responsibility and inclusion. We have a number of initiatives underway to help support these priorities. For example, we have introduced a new leadership, competency and cultural factor focused on inclusion. In addition, associate resource groups similar to those we have in the U.S. have launched and are now active in both, Canada and Europe. Also, teams throughout the organization have set up committees to better incorporate inclusion and diversity into our everyday work. In our communities, we continue to support a number of organizations that work with Black communities and other communities of color. In addition, we have deepened relationships with some nonprofit partners in the U.S. to expand our reach to diverse students for recruitment efforts. We appreciate that this is a work in progress, and we remain committed to our global priorities and helping associates feel welcome, valued and engaged. In closing, I want to emphasize my confidence in the future of TJX. We have a long track record of successfully operating through many different types of economic and retail environments. We believe value is as important as ever to consumers, and delivering great value has been our mission for over 45 years. We are very confident in the power of our off-price buying and pricing initiative while maintaining our value gap with other retailers, as always. We continue to invest in our stores and shopping experience, which we believe positions us strongly, and we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. Further, we have a management team with decades of off-price expertise at TJX and a very deep bench of talent who have successfully navigated through the unprecedented COVID environment. I am convinced that we are set up well to grow our top and bottom lines over the medium and long term and am confident in our plans to grow TJX into an increasingly profitable $60 billion-plus revenue company. Now, Ill turn the call back to Scott for some additional comments, and then well open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks again, Ernie. Ill start with the full year. We now expect full year U.S. comp sales to be down 2% to 3% versus an outsized 17% U.S. open-only comp increase last year. This guidance now reflects the flow-through of our second quarter U.S. comp sales and our expectations for the second half of the year, which assumes our three-year stacked U.S. comp continues at levels similar to recent trends. For the full year, we are now planning total TJX sales in the range of $49.6 billion to $49.9 billion. The lower sales guidance includes our lower-than-planned second quarter sales and our updated sales expectation for the second half of the year. Despite the reduction in our sales plan, we are pleased to be raising our guidance for the full year adjusted pretax margin to 9.7% to 9.9%. This is 10 basis points higher than our previous guidance due to our assumption for even stronger flow-through for the back half of the year. Our improved profitability outlook versus our prior guidelines is due to stronger merchandise margin, better expense management and less incremental freight and wage pressure expected in the second half of the year. For modeling purposes, we are now assuming 140 basis points of incremental freight expense and 70 basis points of incremental wage costs. For full year adjusted earnings per share, we are now planning a range of $3.05 to $3.13, which is up 7% to 10% over last years adjusted $2.85. This guidance now includes a $0.03 negative impact from FX that was not contemplated in our original full year plan. Excluding this impact, the high end of our earnings per share guidance would be the same as our original plan. For modeling purposes, for the full year, we are currently anticipating an adjusted tax rate of 25.5%, net interest expense of approximately $20 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.17 billion. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our dividend and stock repurchase programs. In fiscal 23, we continue to expect to buy back $2.25 billion to $2.5 billion of TJX stock. Now to our third quarter guidance. For the third quarter, were planning pretax margin in the range of 10.1% to 10.4%. This guidance assumes approximately 100 basis points of incremental freight expense and about 80 basis points of incremental wage costs. In the third quarter, we are planning U.S. comp store sales to be down 3% to 5% over an outsized 16% U.S. open-only comp store increase last year. Next, we are planning third quarter TJX sales in the range of $12.1 billion to $12.3 billion. For modeling purposes, in the third quarter, were currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.8%, net interest expense of approximately $2 million and a weighted average share count of 1.17 billion. As a result of these assumptions, were planning third quarter EPS of $0.77 to $0.81 per share. Our third quarter and full year guidance implies that for the fourth quarter, pretax margin will be in the range of 10.1% to 10.4%. U.S. comp stores will be in the range of flat to down 1%, and earnings per share will be in the range of $0.92 to $0.96. In closing, I want to reiterate that we are confident with our medium- and long-term growth and profitability plans. Further, we have a strong balance sheet and are in excellent financial position to navigate the current environment while simultaneously investing in the growth of our business and returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, were going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and one part to each question to keep the call on schedule, and so that we can answer questions from as many analysts as we can. Thanks. And now, we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit about your view of the U.S. consumer and how that changed over the course of the quarter? Are you seeing any pushback to the price increases youve taken? And are you seeing that trade-down customer shop your store a little bit more? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Lorraine. First of all, U.S. customer trend in the quarter, its moved around a bit. I think what happened in this quarter is when a little bit of that fuel spiked, if you remember back in the middle of the quarter, thats when we had a big ramp-up on that. In addition to really food, those are the two inflationary categories that really, we feel, can impact our consumer the most. But the fuel has obviously come down more recently. So Im thinking there, we might have a bit of a lag in terms of the benefit of that having coming down, and that could work out better for us as this quarter moves on. There was no -- let me be clear on your question about pushback on the pricing. We have zero -- not only do we do qualitative studies on it, we are actually able to measure, well, down to the SKU level, turns, how were selling an item where the retail has been adjusted, but even entire categories, departments and the store. In fact, were measuring our turns and all of these things relative to pre-COVID, fiscal 20, calendar 19. And in most cases, we are actually turning our inventories faster than then. And that, as you know, was a very, very good year for us and a real, actually, model of business that were very happy with from an inventory turn and sales perspective. So, we have zero concern overall. Weve had a couple of items here or there, where we found it, and we react quickly if it hasnt worked. But I would say, Lorraine, our batting record is in the probably 95% zone. So a great question, by the way, because, of course, we monitor that every week. So, that has been a nonissue. Again, we felt, Lorraine, it was prudent to -- when we went to this more conservative sales for the back half, I would tell you, we did that knowing that we want to be conservative. Its been a little volatile. Its moved around a bit. We tend to look at the three-year stack, how do our sales compare to FY20. And thats kind of where we looked at the recent trend at the end of the second quarter, and thats where we just kind of applied that going forward. Our intention is always, as you know, to beat that. The management team in every division is on a mode to beat that. I have to tell you that I think -- and its too far out for us to change the numbers right now. We have -- Q4 is where we feel like theres a lot of opportunity for us. And I would say if you look at -- and I know youre aware of this, we kind of ran out of some steam there in some categories and businesses last year. And Im sure Ill get into more on other questions during the call, but we have a, I feel like, a great opportunity to drive some more incremental sales in Q4 specifically. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: So, its kind of a perfect set up for my question, Ernie. So, on the overall product availability, are there any inventory constraints by category that you still see remaining or on the very attractive buying environment and maybe some of the category opportunity you left on the table last year that youve cited? Do you see this translating now to an optimal fall and holiday assortment across apparel and home? And maybe just last, could you elaborate on the excitement you cited in the release for some of the back half initiatives to drive traffic?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. No, a great question, Matt, and it does piggyback on what we started to talk about with Lorraine. Well, constraints, I would tell you there were no -- the only constraints that would apply in this discussion is the constraints and us having to hold back all the merchants from buying too much too soon. So, we have -- this is self-inflicted constraints were putting on because the teams right now, and I know my senior team, right now, one of their prime responsibilities has been to -- this really gets at the meat of whats been going on, has been to get at -- holding the merchants back from buying too much too soon. As you know, we mentioned in the release, and I think even ahead of this, many of you were aware of the amount of goods in the market. I hesitate to use the word unprecedented, but it is at a different level, I would say, than weve seen. And its across our good, better and best zones. And so, Im going to give you an example that speaks to a place where weve been challenged but I would tell you gives us a level of optimism, as you would say, to getting to that optimal mix and an excitement level for the back half. So, weve been struggling in our home area, as other retailers have, and you can see with the HomeGoods sales. However, they have done, as has Marmaxx specifically, both have gone in and kept their inventories very clean and taken aggressive markdowns to ensure that we go into the back half with no liabilities and mix so that we can deliver as much fresh excitement based on whats working and chase the hotter trends and vendors. So, HomeGoods specifically, again, where weve been a little softer on the three-year stack than we would have liked, is in a terrific inventory position now. They put in a lot of work to get there. But what theyve done is created significant open-to-buy to the point of -- and normally, we dont give numbers like Im about to give you, but I would tell you at this point in time that we are going to buy 4 million units in HomeGoods over the next few weeks, all to be what we call ladder plant and shipped into September for selling in September. And because of the market situation with the availability there, were able to go after the categories that are happening, the healthy ones in home, and buy them even better. So, weve been buying goods really better than ever in HomeGoods recently. And I think, a, its going to help us drive sales because we are going to be so fresh. Were going to be taking some of the best goods. Were going to be able to pick and choose out of the market because theres so much availability. And thats, again, 4 million units that will be bought in the next couple of weeks and shipped to the stores and to sell -- buy, ship and sell in the next month of September. So, Marmaxx, larger scale, great inventory position. I think whats happening in the brands, and this might preempt some of the other questions. But for the excitement for fourth quarter to get to the optimal mix, when we get to fourth quarter, brands means so much for gift giving. And so, what Im very happy about what Im starting to see on the on order, again, significant open-to-buy, significant availability across better and best and good out there as I think were going to have a mix that has even more brands and some new vendors that we didnt even have last year in some of our hottest categories. I actually get an update on key vendor buys every week. And the last two weeks have yielded some vendors. Its meaningful quantities that I know we did not have last year. So, its all tough to measure and put into the sales forecast right now. It just gets me excited that I think we have some upside there. So, sorry for the long-winded answer, but youre touching on some of the most exciting part of the model and the part of the secret sauce that really, I think, is going to set us apart from everyone else. So, thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: Ernie and Scott, you guys have been talking about getting back to this sort of 10%-plus pretax margin in the back half. And I mean, in a year when so many retailers are struggling with margin visibility, you guys look to be sort of solidly on track to hit those targets. I wanted to know if you could sort of step back and talk about margin, not specific targets necessarily for 2023 or 2024, but just what are the puts and takes as we head into next year and the following? What are the puts and takes on margin? And do you see opportunity to sort of claw back even more of the margin here over the next couple of years that we saw under some pressure through COVID? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Kimberly, Ill let Scott jump in on some of the big pieces of this. But what Id like to highlight one thing I mentioned in the script is -- well, first of all, Im thrilled with we -- and we called this out back really at the beginning of the year that we thought we could approach -- getting approached at 10%. Were getting there as were talking, I think, at 9.7% to 9.9% this year. But even over the three years, Scott, I think, will talk to this, is were feeling good about getting back to that pre-COVID 10.6% for TJX, which is right, I think, what youre getting at. And hes going to give you some of the puts and takes. But let me give you another piece on that that I think is really -- one thing is a moderation, obviously, of some of the other expenses around us, freight, for example. We realized where wage is going. Thats been something we havent talked on this call about, but we kind of have a good feel for where thats going. The big game changer right now in this environment, in addition to what Scotts going to talk about, is our merchandise margin -- not that Im leaving him a lot to talk about, is the merchandise margin opportunities we see really from two things. Weve been talking more in the last two calls about retailing, Kimberly, right, retailing selectively better and the way were changing retail. But the buying better is one of the things -- right now were seeing is were able to really because of the availability out there, lower our costs on light goods. And so, were kind of -- over the next couple of years, what Im envisioning is were going to win on both sides of it, on the retail and on the cost of the goods because our buyers are doing a terrific job in the market. And again, the market right now across all the different categories and vendors is really yielding some amazing opportunity. And this will not be short term based on whats happening in the industry as far as store closures and market shift and online, online shifting patterns where we think we get market share, but we get margin opportunity on that. Scott, I dont know if you...
Scott Goldenberg: I needed to put some -- my mouth got a little dry the last few minutes. But the -- a few things. The -- first, Id say that were starting, as Ernie said -- I mean, when we started the year, we thought we were going to be similar to last year in that 9.5%, 9.6% range. So, the fact that we have dropped effectively ex-FX almost $2 billion in sales from our original guidance and our margins are going up, I think just speaks, as Ernie, I think, said several different times to the model and our ability to -- in a sluggish environment where weve never said were immune from sales, weve been able to take advantage of those other aspects of the business on the gross margin and the -- and expense management that we do when we flex down. Again, Ernie, I think, touched on it, but weve managed our markdowns quite well, maybe a little more due to some of the home sales. But the markdowns have have been in -- slightly higher but in line with what we would have expected. And our -- as we move through -- as the freight starts to moderate, a lot of this has to do with the freight. We did say if the environment was such that the freight would moderate, we would be able to improve our margin. That certainly is whats happening in the back half. And we still would expect our freight rates to be better next year. Some of that has to do a lot with what our teams are doing, the logistics folks and others in terms of a lot of the mitigation strategies, getting longer term contract rates, more -- using much more contract rates on the spot market -- the spot market for ocean freight. We are taking advantage of where were moving our goods into what ports. And I think a lot -- and a lot of other strategies, and we think some of the demurrage costs and other things we believe are going to be going down next year. So, some of thats reflected in our back half, and some of that we think will continue into next year. By starting at a higher base next year, I mean, we would hope that -- were in a sluggish environment worldwide from an economic point of view, home -- in home, obviously. Although weve changed the mix, the apparel is up 5% more than what it used to be. Its still more than what it was in home -- than compared to what it was in 20. And I think were maintaining these margins as we go into next year and get back to the level of comps we would see pre-COVID. I think that with some slight increases in retail and adding that to the level wed see this year, we should be able to, as weve spoken over the last several quarters, increase our profitability, assuming, as Ernie said, theres no major changes to the headwinds, so. Also, this hasnt been a -- other retailers have talked to it, the flow of both the merchandise into our distribution centers worldwide has certainly not been optimal from an expense efficiency point of view and like, what we call our output per hour. So, I think those are things that next year, we would hope to get better once we flow a little better and I think get back to having less lead times in buying. So, were buying closer to need. So, I think, again, its all setting us up well for a continued improvement on a more normalized sales increase.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey Thanks, guys. Curious if you can talk a little bit about what you saw just throughout the quarter on a monthly basis, maybe changes in traffic patterns and the detail you might be able to provide by concept. And Ernie, usually, you say something about the quarter-to-date period. So, curious if youre seeing comp trends in line with that third quarter comp guidance. Earlier, I think you made a comment about maybe there being a lag effect on the gas price reduction. Does that mean that you have not seen any sort of a pickup as gas prices have come down? Anything you could say on 3Q quarter-to-date? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Ill let Scott jump in, but Ill talk about the quarter-to-date. Basically, the guidance we gave is based on how were trending. So, thats -- were right in line with what we just gave for guidance. To your point, could -- Im hoping we get a little benefit as that fuel factor wears off a little. And the other dynamic that were not sure of that was in the quarter, we havent talked about it, is we had some weather noise, I guess, a little during the quarter where the weather was -- for apparel was a little -- it was just extremely hot in certain areas of the country. So, I dont know if that hit us by a little. So, this is where we say we wanted to be prudent on our go-forward comp estimates and stay conservative. My goal and the teams goal is to beat those. And I think we -- I just think we have upside. If you look at some of those other issues as well as we -- going into this quarter so far, I would tell you our flow was a little less than probably we would have liked, and that is getting into the stores as we speak. And I think that could give us a little bump up at the end of August going into September because we did run a little lighter than we would have liked at the end of July. So, that hit Q2 and its really hit us a little. Having said that, again, were trending right now where were giving you the guidance. So hopefully, that gives you a little color there.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to add to what Ernie said, I think weve been -- weve done the sales, Ill call it, forecasting or what we put in our guidance exactly the same way at the end of -- from we started the year to the first quarter to now and that weve taken whether -- whatever we think the appropriate period, but its generally been 4 to 6 weeks of the most recent trend and use that for the rest of the year, regardless of trying to -- as Ernie said, we think we might be able to do better in the fourth quarter, but weve just held that trend because thats what were seeing. Because last year was such a volatile year on the upside, those comps, as weve said many times, were on a -- were 21% in the second quarter, 16% in the third quarter, moderating in the fourth quarter of last year but still higher than in typical year. So, we just felt that was the more prudent way from a sales perspective. Within the sales and in the adjustment, its more HomeGoods adjustment than Marmaxx adjustment as our home sales have -- the HomeGoods sales dropped a bit more than the Marmaxx sales from the prior trend, and thats reflected in our go-forward trends. Other than that, addressing maybe the first question that was asked on the call, where Ernie alluded to, whether its inflation or gas prices. In the first quarter, for the first time in 5, 6, 7 years, we saw that our lower -- where our stores are in lower-income areas were dropped below the higher-income areas. That is still true through the second quarter, although the change from the first quarter to the second was equal. But the higher demographic stores are still doing better than the lower. And again, thats a pretty much of a big change versus the last five to seven-year trend. Everything -- I think it just seemed to, at least for our spend, stay similar type of impact across the different demographic levels. And again, not much change also from a geographic perspective within the United States as well, pretty equal the change from the first quarter to the second.
Paul Lejuez: Ernie, what drove that slower flow relative to what you would have liked at the end of the quarter there?
Ernie Herrman: Well, when we -- so what we do is we look at the way sales are trending. And so, when we were having that little bump down in July, we slowed the shipping a little bit. And thats what we do -- its a big ship. And so, we probably ended up with a little bit less shipping than we would have liked. However, we reacted a week or two later, and we know it will be in good shape at the end here. We have an advantage, Paul, in the way we stage goods in our warehouse, right, because weve always talked about it. We can use it to manage. So, if we see -- this happens quite a bit. By the way, if we see sales slowing, were able to slow our shipping out of our DCs. But sometimes you get caught off guard, and this was one of those where we shipped to the sales, but then the sales started nudging up a little. And we realized, oh, we probably could have shipped a little bit more. And so, its just -- thats our own execution. Yes, I would tell you there was -- nothing impacted that other than us. But the teams are great and they reacted quickly. And so, we ended up with a couple of weeks of blip, where were probably giving up a little business, but then well be back on track really in about two weeks from now. So yes, good question. Its -- that is part of the -- if it was easy, anyone would do it, right? But its a big ship when you have that many stores. And I give the teams a lot of credit because they caught it -- they catch it quickly. And by the way, Im giving you the time -- we dont talk about the times when 9 out of 10 times, if we slow the shipping or increase the shipping based on the trend, it happens to be the right amount, which isnt always easy. This just happened to be one of the times where were a little on the wrong side of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole.
Jay Sole: Just curious about whats baked into the guidance in terms of what you see from competition from your -- from the other off-price retailers, meaning whether its a Nordstrom Rack or Burlington or Ross. Like given that -- obviously, inventory availability seems really strong for your company, but maybe its not so great out there for everybody at large. Do you expect them to get more competitive? And what impact do you think that would have on the business? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Jay, so were pretty simple with the teams here. And again, our buyers are excellent and our planning and allocation team. And we -- the good news is we kind of keep them focused, and I tell them not to worry too much about what the competitors are doing because -- lets face it, were in a bit of a fortunate position. This isnt anything were doing, but were so big. And we have a lot of strong relationships with certain -- some of the strongest relationships with certain vendors. And some of the vendors dont overlap as much with those competitors youre talking about, and some do. From what weve seen and what we hear, theres plenty of goods, honestly, to go to everybody in the off-price world right now. And they typically is, by the way. But right now, we dont foresee that as being any issue. I dont know how they -- thats up to them as far as how theyre running their open-to-buys and what theyre doing as far as how far they want to buy out or whatever. We right now -- if anything, our strategy on the buying of goods is to get more liquid, and it has been for the last month, and to buy less further out than we typically have because of -- were not worried about other competitors buying the goods. We think theres going to be more goods, an unusual amount of more goods across all the branded areas, which, by the way, going back to what I mentioned before, I think for Q4, gift giving, I think were going to have some of the best branded content weve had in a while, again, regardless of what competitors are doing in terms of how much they are buying or not. Now, let me say, good question. We do talk about -- our merchants talk about in a category with a vendor, hey, based on this amount of goods, do we think that could go to one of the other competitors? Is this important for us to have or -- they weigh all of that out when theyre making buys. And again, thats why I give them all the credit on handling it all really, really well in this environment. I have to say, we like an environment like this where theres a lot of -- strangely enough, a lot of volatility around. That generally bodes both for us because in the end, I usually think theres a market share opportunity for us to keep getting additional brick-and-mortar market share from other brick-and-mortar out there because the model is so flexible and it will allow us to chase the hotter category trends more nimbly than most retailers. But, thanks for your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooke Roach.
Brooke Roach: Ernie, youve made some comments about the strong buying environment and the opportunity that that better buying can drive some of the margin improvement that is underpinning the improvement of 10.6% pretax margins. Can you discuss your view on the longevity of this benefit and perhaps the opportunity for this buying environment to persist even when weve heard about some order book cuts into the second half of this year and also a more promotional retail environment overall? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Brooke. Yes, these are -- these topics are things we talk about internally quite frequently. First of all, we think we have multiple years of longevity to this strategy. From what were seeing, theres even probably more opportunity in the retailing of the buying of goods as we continue as well as, by the way, not just merchant-driven, some of the costs that Scott mentioned could be a couple -- a few year trend because they -- some of those freight costs went up so dramatically so fast. It could be kind of a bit of a slow correction, and we dont think its going to happen fast. So, between buying goods, retailing the way were retailing, the fact that we mean more to the market than ever before and to key vendors and as well as -- well, and youre talking about, by the way, the promotional environment. So, we havent seen the promotional environment, if anything, because of whats happened with inflation, again, we look at the promotional environment is less promotional. And a lot of these costs are baked in even going forward. I foresee the promotional environment not getting any worse for a few years. I think were good for a couple of years there. And as I said back in the script, our mission still is -- our out-the-door retail that we provide to the consumer has to maintain that gap between the out-the-door retailer that they have and what we sell it for, our out-the-door retail, which is always our ticketed price. I do if you -- youre onto a whole -- we could spend a whole phone call on this. But if you look at the promotions happen, theres still, as you know, a lot of retailers that are still doing the very high/low game of a sale all the time. And its -- I always look at that where consumers today are looking for authenticity. Theyre looking for an exciting treasure hunt entertaining shopping experience in stores. And we continue -- along with that value equation, we continue to provide those two things. In fact, one thing we havent talked about today is were very bullish on keeping our store experience right in line with the strong merchandise values and excitement that were giving. So, were going back to our remodeling program aggressively. We have new prototype in our Marshalls business specifically that were excited about that were starting to roll out because we want our -- we believe theres a market share gain, not just on -- number one, by our merchandise value, yes, but number two, by the shopping experience. So, thats a long-term play as well, just so you know. But I know you were talking about the buying and the retailing. No reason to think this wont go on for a number of years. And thanks. It was a good question, Brooke.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Ernie, I was hoping maybe you could elaborate a little bit the comment you made earlier about the availability of brands and the excitement you have around, especially with the fourth quarter, around brands. Are you talking about designer brands? Is this kind of across categories? Is it more specific to apparel or some of the fashion areas? And maybe also talk about -- for T.J. Maxx, obviously, TJX company is obviously known for its flexibility at scale. Maybe talk about broadly your ability to reassort away-from-home categories if theyre going to be soft for a while as you deal with -- consumers deal with inflation and you cycle those big gains from last year and towards some of those more reopening-type categories? Does the organization as a whole have the ability to kind of shift its merchandising assortment? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: No. Omar, two big things that were approaching. Ill start with the reassort from home. Weve been doing that consistently in Marmaxx and in the international divisions and in total TJX, where we have moved funding out-of-home goods. And into Marmaxx and within Europe and in Canada, we do the same thing, where we take open-to-buy. And sometimes, by the way, we move actual merchants out of those areas to the areas that are the more trending areas that we forecast over the next 12 to 18 months. So, we have been doing that consistently since we were watching the home trend, and its really one of the strengths of the business model because we can do it so quickly. Again, we buy so much of the inventory so close in relative to traditional retailers, we dont get stuck with this big liability of home product like many retailers would. And you tend to read about some of the other retailers that are more bought in advance, how they run into really a profit hit because theyre stuck with the liability, we are not to that degree. We took our markdowns, as I said earlier, and we were able to move more over. On your first part, Omar, which is interesting, the brands are across, yes, not just -- actually not just designer and not just apparel. So, were getting some brands. I cant give you what they are, but this applies to accessories, hardlines. If you walk in our store even in some of the hardlines, either the gondolas where home is or in our queue line area, youre going to see some new vendors there, but youre also going to see that weve gone after some of those categories more aggressively than before because were getting new vendors at different levels of goods. So, when we talk about good, better, best, sometimes it can be assumed Im talking about on the best end is designer appeal, and it isnt always that way. Its actually, I guess, you would call it better or designer hardlines of merchandise that we have -- which, by the way, is as we go to Christmas on gift giving, which I think you mentioned, some of those hardline better vendors, which are special, are great gifts. And its not just the apparel because as you know, you probably personally or friends -- today, we dont -- consumers dont just give apparel gifts. Its also other hardline gifts, some of it in the tech area. We have that tech area out there in the queue line. And thats often given -- those are great gifts, especially when were able to buy some better brands in that. And so, thats all the type that were really excited about. And I think its going to help us with that Q4 opportunity.
Operator: The final question of the day comes from John Kernan.
John Kernan: All right. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on a nice quarter. Ernie, not to belabor the point, but just can you talk to the mark-on opportunity? Youve talked about it in prior calls. It seems like youre getting more conviction in the opportunity and the deals youre getting from vendors. And then, maybe just elaborate on what this means for merch margin and gross margin as we go forward. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, John. Well, we spent more time -- Scott and I both really on the prior two calls, we were -- because I guess it was more new news, I was talking about the retailing of the goods in terms of how that would create some mark-on and ability to offset costs, start with that whole strategy. Again, thats a -- were a byproduct of the fact that all the retailers around us, for the most part, have had to raise retails on certain categories or some, as you know, have done it more in a widespread raising of retail across the board. We didnt do that. We did it very selective and surgically. But whats happened is, for different reasons in this environment, our teams -- and we see this every week, are also getting mark-on improvement from the costs. And that is the reason were talking about that more. And I think its almost as though the two-prong has evened off because we were talking before about the retail was giving us. You can see from these results that were delivering and the outlook for the back half of the year that were very bullish on our merchandise margin, and its really because of both.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to echo what Ernie just said, given our, call it, whatever, the better retailing strategy, all of our improvement versus our last guidance, not -- at least from a margin -- merchandise margin perspective, is all in the buy. So, our average retail is up whatever we had planned it to be up, but its all better buying in the -- across all of our divisions. And its fairly significant improvement in our mark-on in the back half of the year. So, its better buying. Costs are going up, but the retailers are going up a bit more
Ernie Herrman: More than the cost, right.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Thats the other way. And part of that -- no one asked, part of why the inventory is up is you have the freight and cost impact thats buried in the overall inventory. But the costs are going up, but the retailers are going up more than the cost. But we had that baked into our both original and last guidance.
Ernie Herrman: John -- and the other thing, John, that goes hand-in-hand with this because that wouldnt -- that would all just be okay if we thought, oh, were doing that, but our -- but were hurting sales. The opposite is happening because proportionally, our values, you could -- on many of these things are even better value today than they were because retails have gone up even more than what were going up and -- which is why our -- I think it was in the either the first question or close to that, where I was talking about our turns are actually faster than they were in FY20, which is an indication that when the customers in the store that those are actually hitting them as stronger than theyve been for a few years. So, its really nice to see. You need both, right? You cant just have the buy and then retail move if youre not selling the goods at the right -- and the customer is not seeing the fact that youre still providing. And Im telling you, in many cases, were providing because of whats happening around us, more out-the-door value relative to the competition than ever before.
Scott Goldenberg: And with a slight -- with the moderation in freight and with a better buying, the back half of the year, our merchandise margin, including all the freight pressure, is actually going to be up versus it was down in the first half of the year.
Ernie Herrman: Its kind of -- I hate to belabor the point, but its really what we just experienced in Q2 and the way were guiding, yes. But more conservative sales but healthy profit directionally is -- really, it is a testament and a great example of textbook utilization of this business model. And you couldnt do that if you didnt have the right teams. And again, we have such great associates here that are executing on this, whether from merchandiser or planning or marketing or in our distribution area, logistics, its all working. And it -- this is just a great, I think, evidence of how were able to flex and take advantage of the market.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks, guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, John. That was our last question. So, thank you all for joining us today, and we will be updating you again on our third quarter earnings call in November, and we look forward to it. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-05-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, May 18, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Bessie. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you. And now, Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Id like to begin the call by reiterating that together with people and businesses around the world, we are united in our condemnation of the war in Ukraine. We have many associates with ties to Ukraine, including those from Ukraine or with family and loved ones living there and associates in the surrounding countries like Poland. We are steadfastly committed to supporting all of our associates impacted by this crisis. We have offered them our support, including financial, legal and mental health resources. Further, we have made significant charitable donations to help with the humanitarian relief efforts. In terms of our business ties to Russia, in early March, we committed to divest from our minority investment and Familia, which operates off-price stores in Russia. Q1 results, moving to our business update. I want to start by once again thanking each of our global associates for their continued commitment to TJX. Thanks to their collective efforts, we continue to offer outstanding merchandise and values to our shoppers, every day. Now, to our results. I am very pleased with our first quarter performance. Im especially pleased that both, first quarter adjusted pretax profit margin and adjusted earnings per share exceeded our expectations. We achieved these results even though comp sales came in a bit lighter than our plans. I also want to highlight the strong performance of our largest division, Marmaxx, which delivered a comp increase of 3% over a 12% open-only comp increase last year. We were especially pleased that Marmaxxs comp was driven by customer traffic increases, which speaks to the appeal of our values and merchandise. Our first quarter performance highlights the sharp execution and flexibility of the entire organization that once again navigated through an uncertain environment and global supply chain issues to bring an exciting mix of merchandise to our stores and online shoppers. During the quarter, our teams flexed our product mix and categories to respond to consumer trends and preferences. We saw the benefits of our pricing initiative for another quarter, while continuing to deliver our customers outstanding value, which is our buyers number one priority. With peoples wallets stretched even further in the current environment, our teams did an outstanding job of offering shoppers excellent values every day. Longer term, I am confident about our ability to capture market share and improve the margin profile of TJX. Our goal is to return to our fiscal 2020 pretax margin level of 10.6% within three years. We are convinced that our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and outstanding values will continue to resonate with consumers and drive the successful growth of our business in the U.S. and internationally for many years to come. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to cover our first quarter financial results in more detail.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Id like to echo Ernies comments and thank all of our global associates for their continued hard work. Ill start with some additional details on the first quarter. As Ernie mentioned, we are very pleased with our first quarter profit results. Consolidated adjusted pretax margin of 9.4%, which excludes a 190 basis-point negative impact from a charge related to the write-down of our minority investment in Familia, was up 220 basis points versus last year. This was higher than our plan due to the timing of expenses as well as the combination of expense management and a bigger benefit from our pricing initiative. For the first quarter, the pretax margin increase includes the benefit of our pricing initiatives. Similar to the fourth quarter, we saw a very strong mark-on. However, merchandise margin was down due to 220 basis points of incremental freight pressure. Incremental wage costs also negatively impacted pretax margins by 70 basis points. Our year-over-year margin increase also includes a benefit from a reduction in COVID-related expenses and the annualization of temporary store closures internationally, last year. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.68 were above our plan and exclude a $0.19 negative impact from the charge related to our Familia investment. Our U.S. comp store sales growth rounded down to flat over an outsized 17% open-only comp increase last year, and were a bit below our planned range. I want to highlight that we are incredibly close to rounding to a positive 1% U.S. comp. First quarter average basket was up, driven by a higher average ticket and U.S. customer traffic was down slightly. As far as the monthly cadence, U.S. comp sales on a three-year stack basis improved in the March-April period. During the quarter, we saw very strong comp sales in our overall apparel business at Marmaxx, which was up 6%. U.S. home comp sales, including our HomeGoods division and Marmaxx home categories were down 7%. I should note that last year, our U.S. open-only home comp sales increased over 40%. Importantly, we believe the comp sales decline in our U.S. home businesses was a result of the difficult year-over-year comparison and not driven by our pricing initiative. Another point I want to highlight is that our store inventory turns for every division and overall markdowns were favorable to pre-pandemic levels. Further, our research tells us that customers perception of our value gap with other retailers remains strong. Now, to our division results. At Marmaxx, first quarter comp store sales increased 3% over a very strong 12% open-only comp increase last year, and segment profit increased to 13.2%. Again, we are particularly pleased to see an increase in customer traffic at Marmaxx, which is up low single digits. Ill also reiterate that the comp increase was driven by Marmaxxs overall apparel business, which was up 6%. In the first quarter, we saw an increase in Marmaxxs average basket, driven by a higher average ticket, primarily due to our pricing initiatives as well as apparel sales being a higher percentage of the mix. At HomeGoods, first quarter comp store sales decreased 7% versus a remarkable 40% open-only comp increase last year. Segment profit margin was hurt by nearly 700 basis points of incremental freight costs. I want to highlight that HomeGoods three-year comp stack for the first quarter was up 33%. HomeGoods average basket increased driven by a higher ticket and customer traffic decreased in the first quarter. Looking ahead, we see HomeGoods as strongly positioned in the retail environment, and we will be emphasizing our value messaging in our marketing. At TJX Canada, overall sales increased 41% and segment profit margin exceeded their pre-COVID Q1 fiscal 20 level. Year-over-year sales benefited from having stores open all quarter this year versus significant temporary closures in the first quarter of last year. At TJX International, overall sales increased 163% due to the benefit of having stores open all quarter this year, even while there were still some shopping restrictions. Segment profit margin was negatively impacted by freight costs. We are very pleased that all of our stores in Europe are currently operating without restrictions. Moving to inventory. Our balance sheet inventory was up 37% versus the first quarter last year. On a per store basis, inventory was up 37% on a constant currency basis. I want to emphasize that in-store inventories are where we want them to be as we look at a more normalized -- as we look at more normalized comparisons to pre-pandemic levels. We still have plenty to open buy for the second quarter and second half of the year. We remain well positioned to take advantage of excellent deals we are seeing in the marketplace and flow fresh merchandise to our stores and online throughout the year. Ill finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. During the first quarter, we used $634 million in operating cash flow, primarily due to the timing of inventory purchases and related accounts payables. We ended the quarter with $4.3 billion in cash. In the first quarter, we returned over $900 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. Now, I will turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Now, Id like to highlight the opportunities that we see that give us confidence that we can continue to capture market share and improve our profitability, both in the near and long term. Starting with the top line. First, we are confident that the combination of our value proposition, our treasure hunt shopping experience and flexibilities will continue to be a winning retail formula. We are convinced that the consumers desire for exciting brands and fashions at great values is not going away. Additionally, in todays highly inflationary environment, we believe our value proposition is as appealing as ever. We serve a wide customer demographic and offer a range of merchandise categories and brands across good, better and best, which we see as a major advantage. This year, we have exciting marketing initiatives planned to showcase our exceptional value and differentiated shopping experience. First, we are sharpening our marketing messages across our outlets to emphasize our value leadership to consumers. Second, we are strategically targeting pockets of opportunity within certain geographies to amplify our messaging even further. Lastly, we are pleased to see that across all our divisions, customer satisfaction scores are strong, and we are attracting new shoppers of all ages, including a large number of Gen Z and millennial shoppers, which we believe bodes well for the future. Second, we continue to see significant store growth opportunities ahead for all of our divisions. As we have seen over the last few years, demand for our exciting and inspiring in-person shopping experience remains strong. We see our flexible buying supply chain and store formats as tremendous advantages which allow us to open stores across a wide customer demographic. All of this gives us confidence in our long-term plan of opening more than 1,500 additional stores in our current markets with our current banners. Lastly, and I cant emphasize this enough, we are extremely confident that well continue to have plenty of quality branded merchandise available across good, better and best brands to support our growth plans. Our global buying team of more than 1,200 buyers sources goods from the universe of approximately 21,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. In a landscape where we are planning to grow our sales and open new stores, while many other retailers are closing stores, we offer vendors a very attractive solution to clear their excess product. To be clear, overall product availability has never been an issue for TJX. We believe that each of these characteristics of our business set us up as well to deliver sales and market share gains in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia over the long term. Now importantly, to profitability. I am very pleased that for the full year, we now expect an adjusted pretax margin on an adjusted basis to reach 9.6% to 9.8% higher than our original plan, and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.13 to $3.20, which at the end is also higher than our original plan. Scott will provide more details, but the key drivers are our strong mark-on our pricing initiative and expense management. We continue to believe that delivering strong sales is the best way to offset the cost pressures that were facing. We also remain laser-focused on looking at other ways to improve profitability and operate our business more efficiently. As Ive mentioned on our last few calls, our initiative to selectively raise retails has been working very well, and we continue to believe it will be a multiyear opportunity for us. We are also optimistic that the expense headwinds weve been facing for the last three years will begin to moderate going forward. Further, looking ahead to the next few years, we see opportunities to improve divisional margins and deliver continued increases in overall profit margins. I want to reiterate that our goal is to return to our fiscal 2020 pretax margin level of 10.6% within three years. Turning to corporate responsibility and ESG. Last quarter, I shared with you that our environmental sustainability teams were developing plans for more aggressive initiatives across several of our priority areas. I am pleased to share that last month, we announced four new global environmental sustainability goals. First, we have set a goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions in our operations by 2040. Second, we intend to source 100% renewable energy in our operations by 2030. Third, we are working to divert 85% of our operational waste from landfill by 2027. And finally, we are aiming to shift 100% of the packaging for products developed in-house by our product design team to be reusable, recyclable or contain sustainable materials by 2030. As Ive shared in the past, weve been committed to mitigating our impact on the environment for many years. Im very excited about these new goals and the plans our teams are putting in place to support them. We look forward to sharing more about our progress as we go forward. As always, we have more information on corporate responsibility at tjx.com. In closing, I want to again thank each of our associates around the globe. We feel great about the health of our business and are confident that the appeal of our exciting merchandise mix and outstanding values will continue to resonate with consumers around the world. Through our 45-year history, and many kinds of retail, economic and geopolitical environments, we continue to see the advantages and strength of our flexible off-price model. We see many opportunities to capture additional market share and increase our profitability as we look to become a $60 billion-plus revenue company. Now, Ill turn the call back to Scott for additional comments. And then, well open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, again, Ernie. Ill start with the full year. As Ernie mentioned, we are pleased to be raising our guidance for full year adjusted pretax margin to a range of 9.6% to 9.8%. This is 10 to 30 basis points higher than our original plan. Id like to highlight that this contemplates our expectation for better flow through on lower planned sales, which speaks to the strength of our flexible off-price model. Ill also note that were planning approximately 150 to 160 basis points of incremental freight expense. Again, for full year adjusted earnings per share, we are planning a range of $3.13 on to $3.20, which is up 10% to 12% over last years adjusted $2.85. This is also $0.04 more on the high end than our original plan for EPS this year. We expect full year U.S. comp sales to increase 1% to 2% over an outsized 17% U.S. open-only comp increase last year. This guidance now reflects the flow-through of our first quarter U.S. comp sales and our second quarter guidance. Our implied back half guidance is for a 4% to 5% increase over a 14% increase in the second half last year. For the full year, we are now planning total TGX sales in the range of $51.3 billion to $51.8 billion. The lower sales guidance is primarily a result of a change in FX rates, which reduced our full year sales forecast by approximately $700 million as well as our lower-than-planned first quarter sales. For modeling purposes, for the full year, were currently anticipating an adjusted tax rate of 25.7%, net interest expense of about $35 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately $1.18 billion. In terms of our year-end cash position, we expect it to be in line where we originally planned it. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. In March, our Board of Directors approved an increase in our quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.295 per share. This marks our 25th dividend increase over the last 26 years. Additionally, in fiscal 23, we continue to expect to buy back $2.25 billion to $2.5 billion of TJX stock. Now, to our second quarter guidance. For the second quarter, we are planning U.S. comp sales to be down 1% to 3% over an outsized 21% U.S. open-only comp store sales increase last year. Were pleased with the start of the quarter with the momentum from the March-April period continuing into May to date. I should note that our second quarter comp plan reflects this acceleration in comp trends we saw in the March-April period and into May. Next, we are planning total second quarter TJX sales in the range of $12.0 billion to $12.2 billion. In the second quarter, were planning pretax margin in the range of 8.7% to 9.1%. This guidance assumes approximately 250 basis points of incremental freight expense and about 80 basis points of incremental wage costs. For modeling purposes, in the second quarter, were currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.3%, net interest expense of about $12 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.18 billion. As a result of these assumptions, were planning EPS of $0.65 to $0.69 per share. Again, our second quarter and full year guidance implies in the back half of the year, U.S. comp sales will be up 4% to 5%. Additionally, we expect pretax margin in the back half will be in the double digits. In closing, I want to reiterate that we are laser-focused on driving sales and traffic, improving -- and improving the profitability profile of TJX. Were in a great position, both operationally and financially to take advantage of the opportunities we see to grow our business. Our strong balance sheet and financial foundation continue to give us great confidence in todays macro environment. Further, we continue to make investments to support our growth initiatives while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, were going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and one part to each question to keep the call on schedule, and so that we can answer questions from as many analysts as we can. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. Curious how you would characterize the buying environment in home categories specifically versus apparel? And I also love to hear how you would characterize the competitive environment youre operating in. It seems like some large retailers out there have some excess apparel. Curious if youre seeing any sort of a pickup in promotions that might be having an impact on how you think about pricing in certain categories. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No. Great questions, Paul. First of all, the buying environment in all -- right now, the markets are extremely loaded across the board, good, better, best category, whether its home, apparel, accessories, any of the other hardlines that we carry in the store that arent just -- fall into those buckets. The markets are fairly loaded in terms of the buying environment. Home right now, as you can see, we have a decrease in the business in the first quarter of 7, but that was against the 40. And so, we are still doing a lot of home business, very healthy. And so, we will continue to buy at a steady pace, I would call it. We also buy in a number of different ways, whether its in home or apparel in terms of not just -- whats in the building now for shipping right now. We also do packaways and things along those lines where we hold the goods for longer. And then, we -- as weve talked before, we do a small percent of our business, where we do goods in advance. So, the -- whats great, again, I go to this business model flexibility, it just allows us to tailor that to the sales levels. Also, our home business within the full family stores in Marmaxx, et cetera. Same thing applies there in terms of availability and how the merchants handle it. Its interesting you mentioned apparel, which from what we hear has been a little inconsistent out there. Our apparel business has been pretty strong actually here in the first quarter. And in fact, I spent an hour yesterday in our T.J. Maxx store with one of our apparel general merchandise managers, and we were talking about all of the different opportunities. The availability, the opportunities on different aspects of the business that she has been feeling good about, not to mention that our business in that arena has been pretty damn strong. So, feeling good on that front. What was the last piece of your question? Was it about promotions, I believe, in terms of whats in the environment? And are we seeing retails promoted further aggressively? We are not, certainly not in the categories that we are in. So, when I say that, I would not interpret that as a blanket statement for other retailers that are in other ends of the business. Some of you more commodity-driven retailers that are in more home cleaning supplies or maintenance supplies around the business. I think thats a different ilk of product per se. Again, were fashion driven. So, when you look at our fashion and brand driven, the retailers that carry the like product and categories, if anything, we continue to watch their prices go up and promotions be decreased which continues to favor our selective pricing retail strategy as we look out here, I think, for a number of years. Good question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks, and congrats on a nice quarter. So, Ernie, could you speak to drivers of the improvement that you cited in March and April and then the momentum that you cited in May to start the second quarter? Are there any notable categories that youre chasing into? And just on the positive traffic at Marmaxx, are you seeing a new customer increase trips from your existing customer? Any signs of trade down that you think were seeing just across the board, the March-April improvement and the momentum in May?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No, great, kind of the big picture, right, Matt, in terms of whats giving us the sales. And of course, were looking at our teams who are always striving to exceed our sales plans. Weve been enjoying these amazing comps at Marmaxx. We were up against the 12 comp right the year before. So, they see a 3 and the NG. [Ph] We wish we could do more. But in this environment right now, obviously, were very pleased with that as well as the profitability approach. Many of the categories that were -- I guess, the way youd look at this because we dont give -- like to get too specific, but I can tell you this, like I just mentioned to Paul, our apparel business has been -- weve been pleased with our apparel businesses given in this environment. And I think part of that is a year ago, you were getting more traffic and more shopping at our home businesses and less in apparel. So, I think whats happening in Marmaxx is were now getting back some of the businesses that werent as strong a year ago, which is great. I go back to the flexibility of the business model. It allows us to chase the trends that shift from year-to-year and season to season. So, that was a big part of our, I would say, the escalation in Marpole [ph] business versus February. Not to mention that February, you can kind of have a bit of a weather issue there. When we look out whats really neat, and Scott mentioned it, how we have the vast bulk -- you cant go by these inventory numbers because, by the way, youre looking at a spot in time. And if you look at those inventory numbers about what we used to carry, FY20, theyre comparable. We have the vast majority of our open to buy for this whole year, still available to us. So, when youre looking at hundreds of millions of dollars here, remember were buying to a $50-plus billion sales plan. And so, we have so much open to buy to still chase the categories for third quarter that we think as we get closer and that we should be driving harder. Having said that, as you can tell by the way our business even coming into the second quarter, as you alluded to, were happy with the way were tracking. We have a lot of opportunity in some of those high categories to buy close in because there is such good availability. So I hope that answers your question. We dont give specific -- I cant give you specific categories, but I -- hopefully, that gives you the color. Scott, I think will jump in a little.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think one of the things we saw a little different from the first quarter and into May that was different than, frankly, many, many years, probably have to go back half a decade where we have approximately more than 75% of our stores at HomeGoods and Marmaxx where theyre in the, what we call, higher demos over 75,000 versus under 75,000. Those stores have done better than our lower demo stores. And I think, again, were positioned well and Ernie can jump in because of the goods that we carry for a lot of those customers in the better and best goods. And that -- again, thats continued into the start of the quarter. So, thats a bit of a change. But again, the majority of our stores are in those areas. So again, I think it bodes well for us. In a difficult environment, maybe were not immune, but a little more resilient in terms of the customers that we -- who might have a little more money in their pocket book than the lower demos.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Ill just jump in, Matt, because this has really triggered some of the discussions as we have -- we talked about this for years, I think. One of the benefits at TJX with T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, even with Sierra or online is we trade very broadly. And weve always consciously said, we dont want to segment a moderate versus a better versus even a higher end. We want to sell goods to everybody. And so, I think the fact that we are across the board and particularly right now that we have higher demos, specifically in HomeGoods in Maxx and Marshalls than some of the other retailers out there, I think that probably helps at all even off, Scott was talking to where some of these has trended. And I go back to we -- always have consciously, the merchants here, we have always gone after good, better and best. I think I mentioned in my script a couple of times. So, its kind of where we put our -- its a combination of our merchandise, our locations, the store atmosphere and our treasure hunt shopping experience, certainly allows us to appeal to a broad, broad customer base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. Thanks so much. And love to see the margin inflection you guys are delivering here, both in the quarter and for the year. So, well done to you on that. I wanted to ask about the pricing initiatives. Its obviously one of the drivers in this margin inflection story. Can you talk about where you have seen the most success in your pricing initiative? And are there any areas where you might be seeing some pushback on those pricing initiatives? And then, I just wanted to follow up on an earlier thread, if we could, and sort of ask the question a different way. It seems like this is an environment right for trade down. Were starting to hear from some of the food retailers and I think others that theyre starting to see signs of trade down. I dont know, Ernie or Scott, if youve got data from years and years and years ago, maybe during periods of consumer stress in the past. How many quarters has it typically taken for you to see a traffic benefit from trade down where shoppers might be trading down from higher cost retailers into the TJX banners? And are there any signs of that happening yet? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great, Kimberly. Ill let Scott -- where you end it, Ill let Scott with that, and then well come back around to your first question.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And Ill just address the first part at a very high level and let Ernie go into the detail. I think from a big picture point of view, as I said -- I think we said in the scripted remarks is that our sales -- our turns are better at all divisions than they were pre-COVID. So, we feel at a hot macro level that were the merchandise is moving through with our price initiative. Our markdown rates similarly are lower than our pre-marks. So, were not seeing any of our big picture financial metrics. In fact, theyre all better. In terms of going back to your question on the -- what happened. If you go back to the -- again, this is a long time ago, the recession in 2008 going into 2000 -- calendar 9, we had two soft quarters that third -- if you remember, going back to third quarter and fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 for us. And then, the first quarter of that year, we had a slight comp transaction increase and then it accelerated from there on in. So, hard to say its exactly comparable. So, two quarters of softness, and then we started to rebound and get a lot -- I believe weve got a lot of trade down. We were renovating a lot of stores, and Ill let Ernie address it on other things that we did.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think we -- I think youre spot on there, Kimberly, in terms of what dynamic takes place out there where you get -- we were getting trade down or trade over, I dont know what youd call it from some of the mass market guys, department stores. It was a little from every direction. This time, strangely enough, and I dont -- again, I dont know if you call it trade down or trade over is you get it from some e-com players, too. Because clearly, whats been need is our store visits -- visiting stores now has become a very appealing thing to a lot of customers, as we have seen, right, from last year as COVID now -- yes, its out there, but customers love shopping our stores. So, you do get that treasure hunt entertainment quotient, especially in a HomeGoods or in Marmaxx, T.J. Maxx or Marshalls where you can have really an eclectic value trip there that really, I think, allows -- theres a reason for people to kind of trade down, as you would say, obviously, driven by the value equation, which leads me to the, I guess, your first question. The pricing initiative, yes, across the board, we have had -- first of all, we have not had any pushback in any area. Weve had a few items here or there, but we have been 95%, plus-90%, over that, successful on the pricing initiative. And so, theres -- and really, were still in the beginning stages. I believe were well ahead of -- first of all, our model allows us to do this. Were well ahead of probably other retailers on this front, but we also have a business model in the categories that were in, which are fashion-driven and brand-driven, which is allowing us to probably have the flexibility to do this more than other retailers could. So, were super excited about it. As you can tell, our results are really panning out. Its not just the way we can -- we monitor the out-the-door retail that were selling it versus the out-the-door promotional retailer -- of the other retailers, and we are still well, well below. Of course, part of that is because many retailers on the similar items have had to raise the retail that theyre at or promote it less. So, were really, I think, in a multi-year margin expansion opportunity driven by that, but it sounds like that is because of the markup. Its also because our ticket now is going up, which is helping us with our other cost efficiencies within the business in terms of processing less units. So, we dont see that not continuing to happen for another few years anyway. So, were excited about it. It all seems to be connecting at once. And you can see from our outlook -- well, you can see from the last quarter in our outlook for the year, were feeling really good. And where we think we can take the TJX margin over the next three years, were feeling very confident about that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. And thanks for all the detail here. I guess what Im trying to figure out is you have the comps accelerating to 4% to 5% in the back half, and you have obviously a ton of great merchandise. But help us connect the dots on how having great supply is enough evidence for you that demand will remain strong or strengthen to the trends you saw. And then, Ernie, you said you feel really good about the long-term opportunity to take share here. Similar question. What do you see today for a business model that, in a lot of ways, works very close to need -- getting inventories in very close to turning around. What do you see today to know that this isnt just department stores or specialty retailers having over ordered at a moment in time or during holiday or for spring? And with some time left for fall or holiday, they can start to trim their orders, and were back to a situation where theres not as much inventory more quickly than you thought. How do you know that we have duration here as you think about your comments on the long term?
Ernie Herrman: Well, okay. So, lets take your first question, which I think -- Ill let Scott actually talk. Its fairly clear as to why were filling those sales trends based on the way were trending now when you look at the stacks. Scott, do you want to talk about that?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just from -- again, Ill let Ernie answer from long term, we keep it up. From a -- when you look at the first half of this year, as we -- as I called out, were going against a total U.S. stack of 19% and have reflected close to that between the two quarters, obviously, zero to slightly less comp, so a two-year stack of 19. We havent reflected any increase on that stack because were going against a -- three-year stack because were going against a second half thats 5 points lower than in the back half. And again, Ill let Ernie speak to the opportunity.
Ernie Herrman: Well, if I could jump in on -- so Michael, so what thats saying is were not actually -- were assuming that were just doing the same things were doing now, and we would trend rate of 4% to 5%, based on the current trend.
Scott Goldenberg: The other thing, again, that we said and maybe could have been clear on the script and in the press release, is that when we started the year, we gave guidance before the invasion that happened in Ukraine. We did see a bit of a slowdown across the globe pretty much for about three to four weeks. And then even though with all the news of inflation and the gas price increases and everything else, we got back on to what our -- what would have been our trend that we did guide to, but which is what were similarly using for the rest of the year. So, it hasnt seemed to impact the customer coming into our store, but we havent set an improvement to that trend, but just that same trend, as Ernie just indicated, over the rest of the year. And Ill let Ernie speak to the inventory. And I think we always believe that we can flex into the categories for the back half of the year to take advantage of what were currently seeing, right?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Michael, so were in a great position for open to buy for the back half. To your question though, which I think I know what youre getting at is what would make us think that this isnt just short term in terms of the duration, I think youre using that word in terms of duration of this trend and how could we keep it going. So, what were also strategically, we look at the -- as Scott was looking at the three-year track and then we look at -- we studied the market share opportunity based on store closures and whats going on with some of the other reports around us. But weve really gotten pretty good at in this environment, projecting what our trend would be like. Again, pre-COVID, we had a pretty good handle on our trend. So, were really going back to that trend, which went on for multiyears, pre-COVID. And then, were factoring in what were seeing today. And, of course, availability is probably greater than it was ever pre-COVID now because theres so much stop and go. And I think its hard for a lot of these vendors because its been more volatile than it was a few years ago to predict. So, if you factor that in and say, oh, overall, Im going to have a notch more exciting branded valued mix, if anything, wed probably do better than where we typically trended it out. But really, were using past trends over multi-years, where were trending now on 3 stack, we analyze that. And then we look at the -- most importantly, whats out there in terms of brands and how were retailing the goods. And by the way, the -- our buying heres one thing thats really happened during COVID. And I think Ive talked about this is we were able to learn a lot of things and for our merchants, which are very well connected during COVID. One advantage theyve learned is how to communicate faster, whether virtually or with the technology. And so I think theres been some neat faster-moving approach to certain categories that I think weve actually improved on versus a few years ago. But that -- I think that really answers it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: A couple of little follow-ups. Did I hear you guys say somewhere in the prepared remarks that you think the expense headwinds are moderating going forward? I just wanted to kind of clarify what you meant by that, is that -- Scott, your rate come in? And do you mean from here or do you mean at some point in the future? I mean, it sounds like Europe was probably kind of the biggest kind of demand drag in -- Europe and the Ukraine war rather were the biggest demand drag in the quarter. Is the cold wet spring, was that also a factor in your business in the quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Hard to talk on weather patterns. It certainly didnt help early in the quarter. So, probably, in the month of February, I think our trends were pretty much where they -- once we got a couple of weeks, as I said, past the war that started, they were pretty much -- they were closer to being in line with what we thought. And we also -- we did see an uptick, though, not just in the U.S., but an uptick in both, Canada and in Europe as well, both in Mainland Europe and in the U.K. So, I think it was pretty much similar across all geographies. In terms of -- the first thing Id say is in terms of the freight costs, which are certainly the largest deleverage, we -- they -- our freight costs came in as planned for the first quarter. So, what we anticipated is what happened. Two, as we look forward, we have reflected at least what were seeing at this point in time as best we can determine for the rest of the year due to the freight because the primary difference at this point in time is the diesel, the oil costs going up. Certainly, there are additional costs to that, Id say, in the $40 million to $50 million range, which have been reflected in our plan. Everything else that we see, we think we adjusted for the higher spot in the ocean freight, have higher demurrage costs and other things, of which its not that we see them going down. Its just we were going against some larger compares. So, when you talk about HomeGoods, we do see both decrease in our deleverage and a decrease in our actual overall rates in the back half of the year. And some of that is -- a lot of that is attributed to a lot of what our teams have done, starting to negotiate new contracts, the mix of goods. Weve done -- theyve done a nice job in, call it, port utilization, moving to the ports where theres less of an issue or where we have better, whether its East Coast and get a better benefit. And I think some of that is more to what Ernie talked about going forward where we do see the benefits of what were going to be doing to reduce costs, some of that benefit we see going into 23 and 24 as a reduction in those costs, which we think will benefit our margins. At the same time, what were seeing is we think weve been doing things to reduce the volatility in the freight costs and at the same time, improve the service levels. And also, Ernie didnt probably talk to, but going forward, weve been dealing over the last two years with longer lead times that we typically have in our model. We still believe less than everyone else, but more than what we have. And we are starting to see some benefit and having reduced lead times, both domestically and international. And again, I think that will bode well for us being even more flexible and reacting going forward to the current trend. So, I think thats the biggest. The wage and the other costs are pretty much as planned. We dont -- we -- what we reflected in the guidance is pretty much -- we have no change at this point. So, we think were -- what we put in is more than sufficient to cover our future costs, at least for -- at the time being.
Ernie Herrman: So, Omar, just to make sure you understand, to your point, its a great question on the monitoring, Scott, I think its fair to say in Europe, for example, were thinking because of whats going on with the pricing strategy and some of the headwinds moderating that we could approach potentially an 8% profit margin in the next three years there, which I think, as all of you know, is not where weve been. And I think that would be a significant inroad to profitability there. So, we have sat with that management team and looked at all these different aspects from pricing to the freight discussion Scott was just talking about and where we think thats going, understanding the post-Brexit headwinds on that. And we think we can get from the 6 and change to approach 8% really in the next three years. And then, in HomeGoods, which is obviously more directed by these freight issues in terms of the cost. I think thats where were feeling we can get a chunk of that margin back, as Scott was saying in the nearer term. So, feeling good about that, Scott.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And in the back half of the year, I think we have one more. Our peak deleverage in freight cost is going to be the second quarter of this year, and that disproportionately impacts HomeGoods. But, the back half of the year, as we talked to, just with freight and obviously, we do believe our -- were going against lesser sales, wont have to deleverage on the comps. Last year also, we had an abnormally low -- given when we ran a 40 comp, we had an abnormally low markdown rate at HomeGoods as well. And when we look at the back half, were going to be significantly higher in our pretax margins at HomeGoods, not necessarily at double digit, but significantly higher in the back half. So, I think thats a big change.
Omar Saad: Got it. Thats really helpful color. And what its worth, your ability to forecast and manage your inflationary expenses, including freight is certainly distinguishing yourself in the market.
Ernie Herrman: The teams have worked really hard, Omar. Im glad you noticed that. And were trying to -- as you could tell quarter-by-quarter, we try to talk about that in advance and really give all of you an idea. And as you can see, weve been pretty consistently close to being right on the button on where we thought they were going to be. The good news is we -- the good news on this call were telling you, we think we know what some of these costs are going, were going to start leveraging and were going to start getting these costs down as well as at the same time continuing to expand on our pricing strategy. So, both are positive.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So, again, it goes back to what Ernie was saying about the pricing strategy and the mark-on, we see continued strong mark-on both equal and better than planned for the back half of the year. And that, along with the pricing strategy
Ernie Herrman: The average.
Scott Goldenberg: The average is whats allowing us to raise our guidance. Its obviously not due to the sales because were actually losing several pennies due to that, but were more than offsetting it by those two components, that along with some expense management. So, those are why were raising the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow.
Ike Boruchow: So, I guess, my question is kind of, Scott, to what you were just saying, the U.S. comps coming down, the margin is going up, clearly, more of an issue of HomeGoods. I guess, my question is bigger picture. Internally, how do you guys identify that the pricing initiatives that youre taking are not somewhat responsible for the negative comp reaction that youre seeing in the U.S. and specifically at HomeGoods. Im just trying to understand how you kind of balance the pricing youre taking against potentially some of the lost revenue you might get. Just trying to understand how you guys think about that internally.
Ernie Herrman: I can go -- Ill jump in, obviously.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, again, we do not see any differential between the products that have had price increases or changes in prices versus the prices that didnt have it. So, I mean, thats -- and we havent seen any change in our markdown rates, our turns and all that. So, all...
Ernie Herrman: We can see it by SKU. We can see the actual SKU that where the price was adjusted versus a non-price adjusted SKU, and well see no difference in turn, the rate the goods are selling at. In addition to our turns, we had it in the script somewhere, our turns are as good, if not better than they were pre-COVID when none of this was going on. So, thats really a great -- ultimately, thats a true measure of it. Then, we have the qualitative studies that were doing. And when we do take these raising of retails, its not in a vacuum or most often looking at what the other retailer has done in terms of them raising it. So, remember, you might think, oh, we just raised the -- well, no, we raised the retail because that item or category has been raised around us. So, were following. Were not leading. Its where we obviously might have been too low to begin with or whatever based on other people have already gone up or promoted less. Its a great -- by the way, great question. As you can imagine, weve been watching this all along. And then, if you look at HomeGoods, I mean they were just up against -- its as simple as they were up against the 40 comps. And when they drop a 7, they were still on a 33 stack. They still have a 33 stack of growth.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And the thing is that they were remarkably similar last year at the home in Marmaxx and the home increase in HomeGoods, and theyre remarkably similar this year, our home within Marmaxx. So, its a similar result happening in both places, so.
Ike Boruchow: I guess -- sorry, just one quick follow-up. I guess, what Im just trying to understand is if its not -- if the U.S. comp lowered outlook is not due to the pricing initiatives, then what are you attributing the weakness relative to kind of 3 months ago when you initially gave that guide? I guess thats really my question.
Ernie Herrman: So, really -- well, first of all, part of that is we didnt -- remember, we did that before the war happened before fuel spiked even more. And so, that was all after the initial. And when we -- and we talked about this, we would have taken our best guess off a year where we had a huge growth. So, were kind of off like point or two, but given -- we never knew. Weve taken our best guess early as to where we would be. And then, you had other dynamics happen around us that impacted it. The good news is -- by the way, and which is why the other question earlier about were still looking at a 4% to 5% in the back half, which is a healthy sales increase at plan, which is a healthy sales increase, driven by its a more normalized -- were up against what in the back half, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Were going down from a U.S. comp of 19% in the first half to 14% -- it is at the high end of 14%, its closer to the similar high end where we were running pre-COVID for 2 out of 3. So, it feels...
Ernie Herrman: What happens, Ike, as part of this is if we didnt have that plan out there, and we just went out with the lower plan to begin with and got even more -- we try to take our best guess at the conservative plan. In this case, were coming in higher on the profit and the sales. So, its kind of -- its really good news overall.
Scott Goldenberg: Its kind of like what we said last year for multiple, multiple quarters when asked, how are you going to do against the comps. We didnt have a crystal ball on exactly how were going to do against the 40 comp, both whether its in the home and Marmaxx. So, I mean its hard to get upset at a 33 three-year stack. And so, we feel weve managed through it. And again...
Ernie Herrman: By the way, others took a more pessimistic view on -- right and forecast lower comps. And so, yes, we might be missing by a shade, but were still actually higher than some of the other comps.
Scott Goldenberg: We didnt get a true run rate or at least a run rate thats now about two months in the making from a post-war period. And all were doing, its not a crystal ball here. Were just holding at the high end that that three-year stack.
Operator: And our final question of the day comes from Adrienne Yih.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. Very nicely done in such a tough environment. Ernie, my question for you is
Ernie Herrman: Thanks.
Adrienne Yih: Youre welcome. You deserve it. At Marmaxx, do you perceive that with positive traffic that the comp was tapped by a lack of inventory? And then, can you help us within HomeGoods, what categories within that are up trending and down trending? And how quickly can you shift the mix, a, within HomeGoods, but b, and more importantly, within Marmaxx, out of home and into more apparel? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great question. So first of all, no, it isnt lack of inventory in Marmaxx, actually. That was -- I think whats happened there is its being driven -- thats being driven more by a bit of, I would say, traffic wasnt the normal up. That traffic would have been higher, I think if we didnt have the -- maybe the fuel environment case and costs going up around us. So that there was really just about -- we were thrilled with the 3% comp at Marmaxx against a -- I think it was 12% last year. So, Marmaxx is trending very strong, like the way they started, in the second quarter. To your question, Ill go to your last question, theyre already flexing their home business. Theyve already flexed it actually. So, to your point -- theyve already been doing it. So, they flexed the businesses back and forth almost weekly, Adrienne. But in terms of affecting the buying to those flexes, yes, that takes about a month, I would say, between the buying and the planning and shifting the inventories. Why can we do it faster? We turn that business so fast that theyre able to physically flex the store faster in our shipping out of our DCs is well controlled and reactive. And we have a terrific planning and -- so we have an entire team where their job is to massage the shipping by category, by department into the stores. When Scott gives you that inventory level, the bulk of that increased inventory is actually in our DCs, its gone in the stores. So, our planning and allocation teams are able to strategically decide how much of that do I ship, when. And so you can imagine if home slows up a little relative to expectations, we just ship less and we ship more in apparel. And Marmaxx has been doing a great job actually on that. And in HomeGoods, the categories, I think your other question was we dont give which categories are high categories. The only thing I can tell you is to add some color to it. This will probably tell you something is our HomeSense business, which has a lot of bigger ticket items, has been super healthy. So, were very happy with that business. We continue to look for opening more of those down the road. Again, when you walk into a Home Sense, half the store has furniture and lighting and rugs and categories that I think traditionally have been -- a lot have been bought online. We -- whats great about our home business is a customer gets to buy it and take it that day, which has been, I think -- and its reason we will continue in HomeSense and in HomeGoods continue to gain market share, we have such an advantage over the online home players. And so, those categories have been very good, and I think theyll continue to be very good. Thats at a high level Id like to mention there.
Adrienne Yih: Thats super, super helpful. Its nice to see the environment moving towards your model, so -- and you guys are expecting so well. So, good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you , Adrienne. And that was our last call. So, thank you for -- thank you all for joining us today. Weve enjoyed the discussion. Well be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August. So, take care, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You all may disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, February 23, 2022.  I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Missy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2021. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to start the call today by expressing my gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to TJX. For the past 2 years, our associates have gone above and beyond to operate our business through unprecedented times while also adapting to the constantly changing retail environment. I want to give special recognition to those associates who have been physically coming into work in our stores and distribution centers. In recognition of their efforts, we awarded a vast majority of them a discretionary appreciation bonus again this quarter. Now to an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results. I want to emphasize that the areas we directly control, like buying, store and distribution operations, our pricing strategy and our initiatives to drive traffic and sales, our execution was excellent due to the monumental efforts of our associates across the company. Moving to the details. I am extremely pleased with our top line performance in the fourth quarter. U.S. open-only comp store sales increased a very strong 13% when compared to fiscal 2020 or calendar year 2019. U.S. comp sales were trending higher than this before the surge in Omicron cases. This quarter represents the fourth consecutive quarter that U.S. open-only comp sales increased low teens or better. Comps at our U.S. home banners and in our home categories were excellent, and our Marmaxx apparel comp was up high single digits. Clearly, consumers continue to seek out our retail banners for exciting gifts and amazing values this holiday season. For the full year, U.S. open-only comp store sales increased an outstanding 17%. Overall, TJX sales of $48.5 billion were almost $7 billion more than in fiscal 2020. We are convinced that we captured significant market share, particularly in the U.S. where our stores were open the entire year, and we leveraged the strength and flexibility of our off-price business model. I want to highlight the excellent execution and collaboration of our buying, planning, distribution, logistics and store operations teams. They work together strategically to strategically buy goods earlier than we typically do to ensure the consistent flow of exciting merchandise to our stores and online to support our outstanding sales throughout the year. As a result, we offer consumers a great selection of branded quality merchandise at excellent values all year long. Going forward, we are laser-focused on our sales and profitability initiatives and remain committed to corporate responsibility. Again, we feel great about the areas of our business that we directly control and we'll continue to look for ways to mitigate the expense pressures currently impacting our business. Further, in an inflationary environment, we believe more consumers will be seeking out our values. Importantly, I am as confident as ever in the medium- and long-term outlook for TJX. We are the off-price leader in every country we operate in and believe we are in an excellent position to capture additional market share in these regions for many years to come. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go over and cover our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Ernie's comments and express our sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work. I'll start today with some additional details on our fourth quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, U.S. open-only comp store sales grew 13% over a strong 6% increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. Overall, open-only comp store sales increased 10%, also over a 6% increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. Open-only comp store sales growth was strongest in November and December. As COVID cases began to surge worldwide, we saw sales trends soften with the largest impact in January. The impact was greatest in our apparel businesses, which is consistent with what we have seen during previous COVID spikes. Additionally, sales were impacted by government-mandated shopping restrictions that were put in place internationally. Overall, TJX sales increased by more than $1.6 billion to $13.9 billion, a 14% increase versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '20. In the fourth quarter, we once again saw a very strong increase in our average basket across all our divisions, driven by customers putting more items into their cards. Overall, average ticket was up and improved for the fifth consecutive quarter. I also want to highlight that our U.S. customer traffic was up slightly. Fourth quarter pretax margin was 9%, down 190 basis points versus fiscal '20. Similar to the third quarter, we saw extremely strong mark-on and significantly lower markdowns which include the benefit from our retail pricing strategy. However, merchandise margin in the fourth quarter was down primarily due to the 280 basis points of incremental freight, which was slightly higher than anticipated. We had an 80 basis point negative impact from full year -- from a full year true-up of shrink expense, which was significantly higher than we expected. Pretax margin includes strong buying and occupancy leverage on our excellent sales, which was more than offset by approximately 160 basis points from the combination of incremental investments to expand distribution capacity and higher wage costs. In addition, net COVID costs negatively impacted pretax margin by an additional 50 basis points similar to the third quarter. Finishing up on the fourth quarter, earnings per share were $0.78. Now to our full year consolidated fiscal '22 results. U.S. open-only comp store sales grew 17% and overall open-only comp store sales increased 15% versus fiscal '20. Overall, TJX sales grew 16% compared to fiscal '20. Full year fiscal '22 pretax margins was 9.1%. Excluding a 50 basis point negative impact from a debt extinguishment charge, adjusted pretax margin was 9.6%. Full year pretax margin benefited from buying and occupancy leverage due to our outsized open-only comp store sales. We were very pleased that our full year merchandise margin was up despite 200 basis points of incremental freight. Our merchandise margin increase was driven by strong -- by strong mark-on and lower markdowns, which include the benefit from our retail pricing strategy. Full year pretax margin was negatively impacted by approximately 140 basis points from the combination of incremental investments to expand distribution capacity and higher wages and 80 basis points of net COVID costs. Full year GAAP earnings per share were $2.70, adjusted earnings per share were $2.85 which excludes a $0.15 debt extinguishment charge. Moving to inventory. Our balance sheet inventory was up 22% on a constant currency basis versus the fourth quarter of fiscal '20, primarily driven by higher in-transit inventory. We are very pleased with our per store inventory levels as they once again improved sequentially and were up versus fiscal '20. Availability of inventory is excellent and we are well positioned to flow fresh spring merchandise to our stores and online. I'll finish with our liquidity and shareholder distributions. For the full year, we generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flow, driven by record net income. We ended this year with $6.2 billion in cash. In fiscal '22, we returned $3.4 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs, which is the most we've returned to shareholders on an annual basis in our history. Now I will turn it back to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman : Thanks, Scott. I'll pick it up with our fourth quarter and full year divisional performance. At Marmaxx, fourth quarter open-only comp store sales increased a very strong 10%. For November and December combined, Marmaxx comp sales increased low teens. For the full year, Marmaxx delivered an outstanding 13 open-only comp store sales increase and segment profit dollars increased more than $340 million or 10% versus fiscal '20. For the year, Marmaxx's home business posted a comp increase in line with HomeGoods and apparel comps were up high single digits. Average basket was up significantly throughout the year and customer traffic was up as well. We are very pleased with the performance of our largest division, which delivered double-digit comp sales increases every quarter of the year and offer shoppers an excellent assortment of apparel and home merchandise throughout the year. At HomeGoods, open-only comp store sales increased a remarkable 22% in the fourth quarter and were up high teens or better every month of the quarter. For the full year, HomeGoods delivered a phenomenal 32% open-only comp store sales increase and segment profit dollars increased more than $225 million or 33% versus fiscal '20. During the year, we saw consistent strength across all major categories and geographic regions for both HomeGoods and HomeSense. Further, both customer traffic and average basket increases were outstanding throughout the year. We are convinced that we captured additional share of the home market in 2021 as our eclectic mix of merchandise and great values continue to resonate with consumers. In Canada, open-only comp store sales increased 1% in the fourth quarter and were up 8% for the full year. At TJX International, open-only comp sales were down 2% in the fourth quarter but up 6% for the year -- for the full year. Fourth quarter and full year sales and open-only comp sales at both divisions were negatively impacted by significant government-mandated shopping restrictions throughout the year. For the full year, similar to the U.S., TJX Canada and TJX International's home businesses outperformed apparel and both divisions saw strong increases in their average basket. We remain confident that our International divisions are well positioned to capture additional market share over the long term. As to our e-commerce businesses, we are very pleased with our overall sales growth in 2021. During the year, we added new categories and brands to each of our online banners and launched shopping on homegoods.com. While e-commerce only represents a very small percentage of our overall sales, we are very pleased to offer the U.S. and UK shoppers 24/7 access to our great brands and values. Now to some additional highlights from 2021. First, we took steps to improve our profitability and offset some of the persistent cost pressures we've been facing. Our primary initiative to raise retails on our merchandise is working very well. We are in the early stages of this initiative and believe there will be a multiyear opportunity for our business. Importantly, our customers tell us that our value proposition in the marketplace remains very strong and shoppers continue to see amazing values every time they visit. Second, we opened thousands of new vendors in 2021 and continue to source from a universe of approximately 21,000 vendors around the globe. Our global buying presence continues to be a tremendous advantage. Further, we have strengthened our relationships with many of our existing vendors. With many retailers continuing to close stores and ongoing congestion in the supply chain, we offer vendors an attractive solution to clear excess product. Importantly, and I can't emphasize this enough, availability of quality branded merchandise is excellent across good, better and best brands. Next, we are confident that our marketing continues to help drive new and existing customers into our stores and online. The team has done an excellent job allocating our advertising dollars to the right mix of media channels and a constantly changing digital environment. Further, our customer satisfaction is strong, and we continue to attract new shoppers of all ages, including a large number of Gen Z and millennial shoppers which we believe bodes very well for the future. In 2022, we are launching many new marketing campaigns across the globe that will continue to focus on our exceptional value and an inspirational shopping experience. Lastly, we made important investments to support the growth of the company. In 2021, we opened 117 new -- net new stores, relocated an additional 50 stores and remodeled over 300 stores. We also made necessary investments to expand our distribution capacity and productivity to support our rapidly growing top line and future growth. Our 2021 performance gives us great confidence in the outlook for our business, especially when we get back to a normalized environment. Once stores were open with no restrictions, each division saw very strong sales, attracted new shoppers and captured more spend per customer. Further, we see a path to improve profitability once the retail environment stabilizes and some of the expense headwinds begin to moderate. All of this tells us that we have an excellent opportunity to significantly grow our top and bottom lines over the medium and long term. I want to reiterate that we remain highly focused on improving our pretax margin profile. We continue to believe that our initiatives to drive sales are the best way to offset the current level of cost pressures we're facing. Further, we're very optimistic about our strategy to adjust retails while maintaining our value proposition to consumers. To be clear, our goal is to approach a double-digit pretax margin in the medium term and to return to our fiscal 2020 pretax margin level in the long term. Turning to corporate responsibility and ESG. I'll start by saying that the health and well-being of our associates and our customers remains a top priority as it has throughout the pandemic. I am so proud that while navigating the ongoing pandemic, our team hasn't skipped a beat in our other areas of corporate responsibility. Let me highlight a few initiatives from Q4. One of the many ways we support the thousands of communities where we operate is through contributions to organizations focused on emergency relief efforts. This past quarter, we supported an organizations providing relief for people impacted by the Colorado and British Columbia wildfires and the Kentucky tornado. These contributions are in addition to our annual donations to Save The Children and Red Cross disaster relief. In terms of inclusion and diversity, we launched our new mentoring program pilot and our new I&D advisory boards have begun meeting regularly. We also continued further our direct support to black communities. This includes making donations to organizations committed to providing professional development for diverse leaders. Finally, as we continue to pursue initiatives that are both environmentally responsible and smart for our business, we are excited to share that we are making progress with plans to pursue additional even more aggressive environmental goals in several of our priority areas. I plan to discuss these in more detail on our next call. As always, we have more information on corporate responsibility at tjx.com. In closing, I want to again thank each of our associates around the globe who helped us achieve our very strong results. I truly believe the depth of our off-price expertise and knowledge of our teams is unmatched. Going forward, we are excited about the sales and profitability opportunities we see for the business. We are confident in our plans for fiscal '23 and that our value proposition and the flexibility of our business will continue to be tremendous advantages. Our balance sheet is very strong, and we are in a great position to invest in the growth of our business and to take advantage of the excellent inventory in the marketplace and return significant cash to our shareholders. We feel great about our market share opportunities and our goal of becoming an increasingly profitable $60 billion plus revenue company. Now I'll turn the call back to Scott for a few additional comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Moving to guidance. First, in fiscal '23, we plan to report comp store sales growth versus fiscal '22 for our U.S. divisions only. As a reminder, we had temporary store closures and numerous shopping restrictions internationally during fiscal '22. Therefore, we do not have a reasonable baseline to report year-over-year comp store sales for our TJX Canada and TJX International divisions in fiscal '23. As for the first quarter, we are planning U.S. comp store sales to be up 1% to 3% over an outsized 17% U.S. open-only comp store sales increase last year. For the start of the first quarter, we are very pleased that our U.S. comp sales growth is strong as we are seeing excellent consumer demand for both our apparel and home categories. It's important to note that our guidance takes into account the acceleration of comp sales we saw during the first quarter last year. To start the first quarter, we are currently cycling U.S. open-only comp store sales increases of low to mid-single digits versus the 20% plus increase we'll soon be anniversarying for the March and April period combined. Next, we are planning total first quarter TJX sales in the range of $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion. In the first quarter, we're planning pretax margin in the range of 8.1% to 8.4%. We feel great about our merchandising margin opportunity and retail pricing strategy. However, we continue to expect elevated expense headwinds versus fiscal '22. We currently expect that level of incremental freight expense in fiscal '23 will be the highest in the first quarter at approximately 220 basis points. We're also expecting incremental wage costs to significantly impact our Q1 pretax margin. For modeling purposes in the first quarter, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.4%, net interest expense of about $19 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.2 billion. As a result of these assumptions, we're planning first quarter EPS of $0.58 to $0.61 per share. As to the full year, we are planning a 3 to 4 U.S. comp sales increase over a 17% U.S. open-only comp increase last year. For the full year, we are planning total TJX sales in the range of $52.6 billion to $53.1 billion. In regards to full year pretax margin, we're currently planning it to be close to fiscal '22's adjusted 9.6% margin. I want to highlight that this estimate implies that pretax margin in the last 9 months of the year will be close to double digits. We feel great about our merchandise margin opportunity and retail pricing initiative. However, similar to other retailers, we continue to see cost increases from freight and wage. We now expect these costs to be higher than we had anticipated when we spoke to you last quarter. Currently, we are planning incremental freight expense of approximately 150 basis points and the incremental wage cost of about 100 basis points. That said, our retail strategy is working very well and now expect a bigger benefit this year than we had anticipated. Currently, we expect it to offset a majority of these incremental freight and wage costs in fiscal '23. Importantly, I want to reiterate what Ernie said a few minutes ago, that our goal is to approach a double-digit pretax margin in the medium term. Further, on an annual basis, we believe we can deliver flat to increase margins on a 3% to 4% comp once expenses moderate significantly from these elevated levels. Lastly, for modeling purposes for the full year, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.8%, net interest expense of about $50 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.2 million -- billion. We are not providing EPS guidance for the full year at this time given the uncertainty around the expense sales, but hope the mix we are sharing will be helpful for modeling purposes. Moving on to our fiscal '23 capital plans. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. These include opening new stores, remodels, relocations and investments in our distribution, network and infrastructure. For new stores, we plan to add about 170 new stores which would bring our year-end total to 4,850 stores. This would represent a store growth of about 3%. In the U.S., our plans call for -- to add about 55 stores at Marmaxx, 60 stores at HomeGoods, including 10 HomeSense stores and 20 Sierra stores. In Canada, we plan to add about 10 new stores. And at TJX International, we plan to open approximately 15 stores in Europe and approximately 10 stores in Australia. We continue to feel great about our opportunity to grow our global store base. Long term, we believe we can grow our store base to 6,275 stores, which is nearly 1,600 more stores than today with our current retail banners in our current geographies. Lastly, we plan to remodel 400-plus stores and relocate 50-plus stores in fiscal '23. As to our fiscal '23 cash distribution plans, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. As outlined in today's press release, we expect our Board of Directors will increase our current quarterly dividend by 13% to $0.295 per share. Additionally, in fiscal '23, we currently expect to buy that $2.25 billion to $2.5 billion of TJX stock. In closing, over the last 2 years, we have successfully navigated our business through an unprecedented retail landscape and an increasingly inflationary environment. We believe the actions we've taken and the initiatives we put in place set us up extremely well to drive both top and bottom line growth for many years to come. I want to emphasize that we are confident about the opportunities for our business going forward. We have a strong balance sheet and continue to generate a tremendous amount of cash flow. We are in a great position to continue to investing and to support the growth of our business while simultaneously returning significant cash to our shareholders. Now, we're going to -- we are happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to 1 per person and 1 part in each question to keep the call on schedule, so we can answer as many questions from as many analysts as we can. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: I wanted to follow up on your comments about the pricing strategy. Does your plan assume acceleration of the initial efforts that you made in the back half? And how quickly do you think these pricing actions can offset the freight and wage pressures?
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Lorraine. Yes, first of all, what's happened around us, as you can see, even in some of the media that outwardly reported many of the retailers adjusting their prices across the board. I won't name them, but you probably read about certain retailers taking blanket approaches to raising their retails. So ironically, like anything in this business, I'm looking at this inflationary price increase as a major opportunity for us at TJX to get even more aggressive about adjusting our retails than we've been. So when we started off, as you know, we were taking a very -- the word I was using was surgically and then selectively adjusting retails, but we've had such strong success. And in fact, if you look at the fourth quarter merchandise margin, we had really healthy margins all the way through the back half of the year, really driven by a large part by the pricing strategy. So now, Lorraine, to your question, we are feeling like there's just major -- more significant room for improvement as we go over the next year or 2. And it's a multiyear strategy, by the way, as we said in the script. We're always monitoring the value about how we stack up against everybody else. But the one thing that's happening is everyone is getting here with the same cost pressures. So our merchants are diligent. They're diligent about looking at the -- where we -- where our out-the-door retail is relative to the promotional retail and other retailers. And we have just a high degree of confidence in the ability to do a significant amount this coming year to offset a really the lion's share, I think, of these cost pressures. So feeling great about that. Don't like, again, the freight and wage pressures that we're dealing with. They're pretty significant, as Scott talked about. Having said that, this pricing strategy is one of the biggest things in TJX that I think we can do to mitigate it, and we're very confident in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: So Ernie, can you speak to market share trends and product availability that you're seeing in the U.S. across with apparel and home? Do you think you exit this pandemic as a stronger model? And then maybe just, Scott, near term, on the positive 1 to 3 comp guide for the quarter -- for the first quarter, is it fair to say you've seen February reaccelerate back to November's mid-teens comp or just anything that provides you confidence as we head into the 20% plus March, April on near term, I think, would be helpful.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Matt. Yes. So, oh my gosh, the availability, I would say we're seeing over the last few weeks, specifically a ramp-up in availability. Again, as I mentioned on the script, across good, better and best. And internationally, by the way, we're seeing -- even though it's been -- as you know, we've been fairly restrained over in Europe, for example. We are specifically seeing more better goods there than we have seen in a long time that the merchants are taking advantage of there. So as we open up, we're highly confident, and we have been gaining market share, but we're highly confident once we can open up that normal environment levels that we will see significant branded availability and market share gain there. The market share gain that we clearly have been achieving here has been consistent. So if you look at these open-only comps in the U.S., I mean, there's a extremely healthy comps, as you know. We're just getting here with these -- with wage and freight beyond what we had thought about before. But in terms of availability, product, the pricing strategy, I think we have all of these levers working for us. And then I'll give you -- the biggest thing I didn't get to touch on the script, and this is where the Q&A is good. And you and I have talked about this in the past, is our branded differentiation now. So I think you alluded in the question, we are going to be more important to vendors, and I think that's what you were getting at with part of your question there. We're going to be more important to the branded vendor community than ever before because of what's happened with a lot of the store closures and the complexion of the online guys that tend to be either vertical label-driven or their businesses have not been that great at the department store level. If you really look at the amount of business they're doing. Of course, they're getting better relative to their low volume levels of a couple of years ago, but they're still not doing the volume. And so what's happening is we're becoming, I think, even more important and as well as our buyers are just great at the way they really partner and deal with these vendors. We're becoming more important as we come out of this. So another reason with the branded differentiation for us, being an eclectic branded mix, to continue our treasure hunt format, we feel really good about in this inflationary environment is us becoming more and more a place of choice to shop. And then you have all the -- by the way, you have all the political situations going on out there in inflation and in fuel. Anytime there's uneasiness, I would say, it's just a great opportunity for our model to accelerate a little bit more. So it will be interesting to see what happens over the next coming weeks. But generally, though strangely enough, those environments are good for us. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg : Yes. So Matt, to answer your question, we can't give you specific, but I think the most important thing is that -- is what I said in the script, that we're currently comping against low to mid-single-digit U.S. comps where then, again, it accelerates to that strong plus 20 in the [MARPOL] period. But what -- we've given guidance of 1% to 3%. And what we're seeing on the -- our 2-year stack for our start is why we're -- overall, we're confident in our 1% to 3% overall guidance. Having said that, we're -- we certainly have -- as we've -- Omicron starts to lessen, we've seen apparel has reemerged to being strong again versus the impact that it had in January. We've had a strong basket and positive U.S. customer traffic thus far. So all leading us to when we put it together to that 1% to 3% U.S. comp over and outsized 17% comp. Obviously, the international divisions are not -- they were closed for large chunks of last year. So that's why our guidance of the $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion is -- in rough terms, is 14% to 16% increase because as our -- and the other thing is we are starting to see some of the restrictions in Europe be lessened and hopefully, that will give us some room for improvement there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger : Okay. Great. Ernie, in your prepared remarks, you talked about some sort of -- some of the expenses you're currently encountering or what you characterized as temporary headwinds. And once these pass that you feel confident in improving your pretax margins. I'm wondering if you can reflect just on the headwinds in the P&L and help us understand which expense items that you're seeing coming through do you think are temporary and transitory such that perhaps in future quarters or future years, you could get those back? And when -- what do you think is more of a permanent headwind to the expense structure?
Ernie Herrman : Sure. Yes, yes, yes. I'll let Scott jump in, but let me answer right away with the -- the one that we are hoping is transient is the freight. And I would say the one that is not would be wage. So wage, I believe, and I believe this would be the case for most businesses within the country is -- will be built into the base, and I think it's hard to reverse that. Freight, and I think Scott had it in his prepared remarks, we are hoping that, that should start to moderate. And that's what I had referred to -- was referring to in my opening remarks. I have to tell you. So we -- you can kind of get at what those 2 mean because they're the biggest chunks, by the way, of what we were talking about in expense pressures. There's others, but those are really the 2 headlines. As witnessed by what happened with our margin in the last fourth quarter and Scott talked about, we were able to offset, oh my gosh, so much with our pricing strategy and our sales and markdowns and our turn rates that I believe when we go to a normalized environment when the virus, we don't have anything, if that just becomes totally normal, and we have our international divisions opened. And we continue to buy and ship the right values at the different retails that we're talking about in significant categories of goods, I think we're going to offset the lion's share of those expense headwinds in the fairly short term here, which is as in this coming year, which is why I think we get to approach double digits on our operating margin. So -- and then I think it's a multi -- I think we have more retail because everyone's going to be getting -- so wage and freight hits most retailers and wage hits everybody and it's sitting in the whole country. So I just think we have an advantage in our model to continue to raise retails for multiple years because everybody else will have to. So I hope that gives color. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg : Yes. It's -- there's a lot of moving pieces here. I think we have better visibility. I'll start with the freight into that. I do think, as you've heard on other retailers report, that this will persist for much of the year, but we do believe that the first half is -- has the higher year-over-year increases or incremental costs and it will moderate as we move to the back and particularly in the fourth quarter where everything peaked due to some of the actions we did. I think our teams did a great job of securing the freight, bringing it in. We did have to pay more cost to do that. There were other things like demerge and other costs that due to the longer times that it took to get the goods into our -- at the port and into our buildings. But I think a lot of that we would believe will be lessened as we go against it next year. And the ocean freight and all that was really just more -- it increased every quarter over the year, peaking. We're renegotiating contracts and other things as we move through -- as we start right now move through the year. So I think the freight will still be, as we called out in my earlier remarks, a big headwind, but moderating significantly when you get to the following fiscal year, which I think what was Ernie was alluding to. The wage will, I think, peak this year, but will still be a headwind, as Ernie alluded to, but it will moderate next year. And supply chain, frankly, this year has already moderated, we peaked on that. A lot of the wage increases that we're seeing are the annualization of a lot of the distribution wages that we had several increases that will be impacting us more in the first half of the year, a little less in the second and then the store wages. I think it's still a fluid situation, but we do believe it will decrease. So overall, we would expect when you get past this year, that the sum of all of the expense pressures will be significantly less, not back to our pre-COVID levels but with a level -- we would need a significantly less average retail increase to be able to cover that compared to what we're seeing this year. But I think, as Ernie said, that's still very much a moving target, and we haven't bought the goods for the vast majority of the year at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez : Curious on the 3% to 4% U.S. comp expectation for the year. How much of that is pricing versus unit volume? And any breakdown that you can provide between Marmaxx versus HomeGoods on that 3% to 4%? And I guess, related to that, I'm kind of curious where the increased confidence comes from in terms of being more aggressive on taking price. Is that all on the home side of the business? Or you're going to be moving apparel in lockstep with home prices moving both higher.
Ernie Herrman : Good questions, Paul. So let me start with the increase -- let me start with the pricing strategy first. No, it's actually not -- even though we would all -- at a high level, you would expect since in the home product area, some of it's more unique or a little bit more blind per se that you'd have more there, we are getting the price increases across the board. Marmaxx, very significant. Yes, HomeGoods significant. But every division, and as you can imagine, we monitor what's going on with each division consistently, pretty much weekly actually, and every division is participating in it. Proportionately, as you can imagine, the dollars are big because we've been open in the States. So your dollars are bigger in Marmaxx and HomeGoods, but I would say every division, we can see directionally, the pricing strategy is working. Again, we also get feedback on what's happening. So we monitor how are we doing with the goods that we've adjusted price on, and that's across every division. And it's extremely successful, no problems at all. And again, I give my -- the merchants a lot of credit because they are the ones that do all the work of really making sure when we do it, we're doing it strategically. We're looking at with the out-the-door retail is at the item whether it's HomeGoods or Marmaxx, Canada and UK as we're opening up, we're going to be more and more doing that. Sierra, who is -- by the way, our Sierra business has those same opportunities and they tend to trade from a moderate to very high end. So they can find pockets of it. As far as the unit breakdown, I'll let Scott jump in here a little as well. But on the 3% to 4% comp, it's going to -- everyone participates a little on that. We could have some -- we could have some average retail driving that really in the Marmaxx, for example, and we could actually be down slightly in units but drive our comp with ticket based on what's going on in the environment and the mix of goods within the store that we're going into. Scott, I don't know if you want...
Scott Goldenberg : Yes, I don't have much more to say on that. I think and as Ernie said, is that by having -- this is really opposite of what we've seen for many, many years where our average retails were going down over a multiyear period. And I may have Ernie jump back in that even though with our average retail going up, we're still in an overall unit base -- average retail significantly below what we were, right, Ernie? A couple of years ago.
Ernie Herrman : Yes.
Scott Goldenberg : So -- but I think -- so I think the piece of -- with your average retail is going up, and as Ernie alluded to, potentially less units, that's what's driving us to be offsetting a lot of these costs, not just the mark-on, but by having less units...
Ernie Herrman : Less processing cost.
Scott Goldenberg : Less processing costs in stores and distribution centers and all that, I think that's a significant benefit versus prior years when it was going the other direction. The other thing that, again, Ernie alluded to on the value equation, which is obviously important to us, we do a lot of marketing and other surveys and our customers are telling us they're highly satisfied with the overall store experience, which is great, continues to go up. But they're also -- we're not seeing any degradation at all in our value perception at all. So I think we obviously stay on it important, all the metrics, but also we try to get as much indicators from talking to our customers as much as possible.
Ernie Herrman : Paul, one other thing I'd point out on the 3% to -- as we say every year, and this is we believe we want to plan prudently, right? But you can imagine that the merchants in our business here, their goal is always to exceed their plans. So you can be sure that the management teams here would like to exceed those plans. But when you look at the stack that we're up against last year, as we talked about, we feel this is what we should plan. We don't really come up until the big -- the enormous comps we start coming up against are in pretty much mid-March, mid-March through April. So we're watching to see what happens there. So we are tracking strongly right now. We want some more information as we get to the middle of this quarter to the end of this quarter. And we'll probably have a little bit more clarity of our feel for the trend line on our next call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad : Ernie, I was hoping maybe you could talk about how we should think about cycling the stimulus. You mentioned mid-March, the comps get harder. I think that's kind of when stimulus drops off. Maybe remind us the sensitivity you saw from stimulus benefits during the pandemic and how we should think about that in our modeling process.
Ernie Herrman : So Omar, you have gone right to the really, crux of the matter. When we look back at that last year, we could not read exactly when we were kicking in. We felt it was a combination of stimulus, pent-up demand because you have to remember, people have been cooped up. We are one of the more entertaining brick-and-mortar retailers to coming out of that, right? We're such an appealing format for people to distress and go shop from when they were a little cooped up. So we think -- and on the stimulus check, I think it might have been a little piece for sure. I think it was more of the other, of the pent-up demand, et cetera, because our trend line, as you know, from our results, continue for quite a while. Now the stimulus checks, it gets a little great. They were out there for quite a while. So yes, we believe that was a factor, but what percent of our huge double-digit comps was it, we, to this day, really don't know exactly. I think it's a small percent, but part of it. So all the more reason why, again, we want to see this mid-March through end of April, I think we're going to have a good read then. Having said that, we are tracking very healthy right now, and it has been a strong beginning to this quarter when you look at how we've planned it all and what our expectations are for the quarter. So sorry, I can't give you the exact on that. Again, we don't have it internally ourselves.
Omar Saad : No, that's great color. Thanks, Ernie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti : Thanks for all the detail on the call here today, very helpful. I have a couple for you. So I guess you're saying back to margins from fiscal '20 levels in the long term freight normalizing being the big help there, but your sales are 20% higher now. You called sales out is the best thing you can do to fight the margins. You have pricing power. So I'm wondering why longer-term margins wouldn't be set above '20 levels -- above 2020 levels in that scenario.  And then Scott, I just wanted to try to get in your head a little bit. You said annual flat to increase margins on a 3% to 4% comp once expenses moderate. It's a little higher than the flow-through rate you've spoken to in the past. So maybe help us think about what kind of a cost algorithm you're baking in as you think about that longer term?
Scott Goldenberg : Yes. Again, it's good. So to give some color as -- although the sales are substantially higher there through the roof, the cost over the course of several years are several billion dollars higher on a like-for-like basis as well. So that's why if this had all flowed through, we would be a lot higher than the 9.6%. We printed we'd be hundreds of basis points higher, but we had this -- so the costs aren't necessarily wage and others going down. So that's -- they don't reset. You just start and now go forward, what's your incremental cost right now. I mean, our old algorithm pre-COVID with comps that were slightly less, but we still had a deleverage of 30 basis points, 40 basis points. Now we're saying on a 3% to 4% comp, we would expect to either be flat or leverage on our comp. And I think, again, as Ernie indicated, a lot of that has to do with the pricing initiative, which obviously, if costs moderate and there's still room for pricing more but will flow through than maybe we've anticipated. But the cost pressure, which used to be 30 basis points to 40 basis points of incremental pressure, we expect to moderate, but not down to that level at least over the midterm. Longer term, if they ever not moderated down to something close to 20 basis points to 40 basis points with even a moderate level of average retail initiative in a 3% to 4% comp, we would probably do better. And that's why I think over the longer term, Ernie indicated we get back to the fiscal '20 levels or better.
Michael Binetti : Okay. Let me ask one more. You mentioned that even with the average retail going up, we're still at an average retail below where we were a few years ago. I know you guys watch the competitive environment very, very carefully. Do you have any competitive work you've done to inform you on where the mainland department stores are today versus their AURs a few years ago or where you stand on a relative spread basis today versus history?
Ernie Herrman : We can -- Michael, good question. We don't get it at a high because we wouldn't know how -- to put it all together from a high. But our merchants at a department level would have an idea of where categories have moved. And the feeling is that they have gone up, but we wouldn't be able to get on an exact average unit retail increase per se. But directionally, we can tell they moved up in many areas of the store. And the pressure -- again, the pressure continues there as well. They're getting here with the exact same cost everybody is in retail. So it would only make sense that that's happening, but we are verifying that really weekly, but I can't get an exact number across a whole store.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro : Can you talk a little bit about -- on pricing and just the promotional environment, we're coming off what was a very unique industry year with low inventories, very low promotions in 2021 across the board. And not that 2022 is going to be back to normal, but there is some hope that we'll be a little bit more back to normal, and the expectation is we'll see a little bit more of promotional creep. At the same time, you guys are raising prices and the consumers being hit with costs at home and is looking for better value. Can you just talk a little bit about how you balance that and how you're paying attention to all of the promotional creep that's anticipated for this year? Or are you not seeing that at all?
Ernie Herrman : So we are not seeing promotional creep yet. We are reading about it as you are. It's a great question. It's -- we're ultrasensitive to promotional creep, but we've been seeing things go the other way. So regardless of inventory levels, inflation is hitting everybody so dramatically, again, back to wage and freight, they can have leaner inventories, that won't matter because they're still going to have to raise their retails because of the inflationary pressures on too many of their cost lines. I'll give you another one. We don't talk about it. We're talking about wage in the stores or whatever. Most of these businesses, if it's in a DC, if it's an e-com business, those wage rates and their DCs, as you've probably seen what some of those online guys have even announced that they have to pay. If you go to the mass market merchants, what they've had to raise their wages to. If you go to central offices throughout all of retail, so all the corporate offices, just as we have here, and you take the study of what's going on, on merit increases across the country. Everybody is going up at a higher rate than ever before. So I just think no matter how lean their inventories are, I just think everyone's a little boxed in that they have to -- I can't picture them promoting more. If they promote more, there is the -- in a department -- what you can do is you can promote -- you can look like you're promoting more, but the promotional price is raised. Do you know what I mean?
Marni Shapiro : Yes, yes.
Ernie Herrman : So we're simple with our buyers where we say you got to look at what is the out-the-door price and compare that out-the-door price to what our price is even though they could say they're on sale. So there could be some of that happening with some of the retailers that have a customer base that expect sales, right? We all know how that works. And they expect the high-low game. I think that could happen to a degree. But I just think on the actual retail that they sell from, it's going to be up from where it was, even though it could look like they're promoting more.
Marni Shapiro : So even if it looks like they're promoting, your pricing will still be better anyway and it shouldn't have an impact?
Ernie Herrman : Absolutely. We do not -- we're pretty simple internally here. We flex on many things. We do not flex our merchants. There was no flexibility on us being close to the out-the-door price of any other retailer.
Marni Shapiro : And can I just follow up on that 1 listing? Are the price increases across the board? Or are there certain segments that are more amenable to those price increases?
Ernie Herrman : More amenable, I like that. I might have to use that -- I'm going to use some of that language with some of my team. I would say, yes, there are -- absolutely, there are categories that are a little more sensitive where I think it's more dangerous for us to play it because we're already there. And up around us, say it's a certain branded category, and they're already be kind of a known commodity retail there, our merchant buyers have to kind of stay away from that. And there are a decent amount of those throughout the store. There's just -- what we have found in the last quarter or 2, there are more categories where we can really adjust retails on more product than we thought 6 months ago. So we are just feeling really good about it. And I get -- literally, every week, I can see on a report what's happening at a high level across all the divisions and that. So we're able to monitor all the senior teams all the way down to merchandise managers and buyers, in the planning organization. We can kind of keep our hands around this to also make sure that we're not swinging the pendulum as they say.
Operator: And our last question comes from [Bob].
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to touch on something you mentioned on good, better, best in terms of just sort of product availability. Is this an environment where you would actively adjust the sort of good, better, best? And I guess the second question that I have is around product availability, I think you mentioned seeing some stuff in the last few weeks. Is your expectation that as we get through this year, the environment would get even better from like a product availability or what you're seeing and hearing from your vendor base?
Ernie Herrman : Thank you, Bob. Two great questions directionally, types of things that we ask ourselves all the time. So we don't adjust -- we don't specifically adjust good, better, best going in. But I do have to say that based on what's out there, our merchants kind of strategize because we buy a lot of different ways. So if they see we're going to be overloaded and say good and not enough better and best, they will lean into trying to balance those areas. But we don't -- how do I put it? We don't get real definitive on that. So we don't mind if there's been more exciting buys in one of those areas, we don't have to have it be so exactly balanced. So if you had in the men's shirt area, if we were kind of imbalanced on certain brands and certain looks to good -- we would try to move it to be more balanced because we try to appeal to a broad customer base and we don't want to be just in one price point or one look in any category. So it's a great question. We could spend a couple of hours on this on how we do a mix. But we really, really -- we adjust, but we don't adjust to as much as a traditional store would, I'd say, to answer your question.  And then the second question, can you remind me on the second question? It was...
Unidentified Analyst: It was just more on product availability. I think you mentioned you're seeing some better product the last few weeks. Do you foresee the next 6 months being materially better than you saw over the last 12 months? I'm just trying to understand when you look at the environment and supply chain.
Ernie Herrman : Yes, the -- so here's what's good. As retail gets better, typically -- remember, the wholesale market is mainly imported products. So they tend to buy more aggressively when retail gets better, and there tends to be more excess. So I think in theory, there's going to be more availability over the next -- as everybody -- if things normalize, people will tend to cut goods a little more aggressively. There's just been some -- there's a lot of availability right now, particularly coming out of holiday going into first quarter. But I would assume that even ticks up some more as things normalize. So yes, great question. We talk -- again, we talk about those type of things consistently here. So you're touching on some of the big rocks for sure.
Ernie Herrman : All right. Thank you all for joining us today. We enjoyed our discussions. We'll be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. And let me just say from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well and talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference for today. Thank you for participating.

===== 2022 Q3  (2021-11-17 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, November 17, 2021. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Missy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments. 
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties and that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2021. 
 Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. 
 Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to start our call today by once again thanking our global associates for their continued hard work and commitment to TJX. As I've said before, I want to give special recognition to those associates who have been physically coming into work in our stores and distribution centers throughout the pandemic. 
 In recognition of their continued efforts we have awarded a vast majority of them an appreciation bonus, which was the sixth appreciation bonus we have paid during the pandemic. Now to an overview of our third quarter results. I am extremely pleased with both our top and bottom line performance in the third quarter. Overall, open-only comp store sales when compared to fiscal 2020 or calendar year 2019 and increased an outstanding 14%. 
 Importantly, our open-only comp sales growth was just as strong at the end of the quarter as it was at the start of the quarter. 
 Once again, we saw phenomenal comp growth in our home categories across each of our divisions as well as a mid-single-digit comp increase in our overall apparel businesses. 
 Clearly, our great brands and amazing values continue to resonate with shoppers. 
 Overall sales were $12.5 billion, which was over $2 billion more than the third quarter of fiscal 2020 and total segment profit increased by $285 million over the same period. 
 Our strong results are a testament to our flexible off-price business model and our associates. I truly believe we have the best business model and the best people in retail. Throughout the third quarter in the midst of uncertainty in the marketplace around supply chain delays and consumer behavior, our buying, planning and allocation, logistics and store operations teams all did an outstanding job. They ensured our stores had plenty of merchandise for our shoppers every time they visited. Our flexible model has been a tremendous advantage in this environment. We've been able to expand and contract categories and merchandise in our stores so that customers have full racks and shelves to shop when they visit. I am very happy with our third quarter pretax margin increase. Our excellent sales growth and strong merchandise margin increase more than offset the outsized expense headwinds that we have been facing. Our strategy to surgically raise retails on select items is well underway, and we believe it is working very effectively as shoppers continue to see outstanding value every day. 
 Lastly, third quarter earnings per share increased an outstanding 24% to $0.84. 
 As we look to the fourth quarter, overall open-only comp sales are off to a very strong start. We continue to see excellent availability of merchandise in the marketplace and are extremely happy with the mix of good, better and best brands that we are offering consumers. We are confident that we'll have plenty of great merchandise in our stores and online this holiday season, and we will be emphasizing this in our marketing. I'll talk more about the fourth quarter in a moment. But first, I'll turn it over to Scott to cover our third quarter financial results in more detail. Scott? 
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Ernie's comments and express our sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to our business. I'll start today with some additional details of our third quarter results. 
 As Ernie mentioned, overall open-only comp store sales increased 14% over fiscal '20 and overall sales increased 20% over the same period. This quarter marks the third straight quarter that overall comp sales increased mid-teens or better. I want to recognize the excellent execution on the part of our teams for managing through the supply chain issues facing all of retail and ensuring a consistent flow of exciting merchandise to our stores to support the outsized comp sales we've seen all year. 
 In the third quarter, we saw consistent strength in our overall comp sales every month. Once again, we saw a very strong increase in our average basket across all divisions, driven by customers putting more items into their carts. 
 [indiscernible] Overall, average ticket was flat and improved for the fourth consecutive quarter. Overall, customer traffic was up, driven by a mid-single-digit traffic increase in the United States. As Ernie mentioned, we believe our pricing initiative is working as we've rolled it out to -- rolled it out to very select items across categories. We're extremely pleased that sales, inventory turns and the markdown rates in the third quarter remained very strong, where we have selectively adjusted our retails. 
 Across each of our divisions, third quarter open-only comp store sales increase was also excellent. At Marmaxx, open-only comp store sales increased a very strong 11% and  divisional profit dollars were up 21% versus fiscal '20. Marmaxx's home business continued its outstanding performance, posting a comp increase in line with home goods and apparel comp sales were up mid-single digits. Further, Marmaxx increase in customer traffic, had a very strong average basket, and sales across all geographies were excellent. 
 At HomeGoods, open-only comp store sales increased a phenomenal 34% with consistent strength across all major categories and geographic regions for both HomeGoods and HomeSense. HomeGoods saw outstanding increases in both customer traffic and average basket. We're also very pleased with HomeGoods' divisional profit dollars, which were up 52% versus fiscal '20. As a reminder, HomeGoods margin is disproportionately impacted by freight increases due to its product mix. 
 When looking at Marmaxx and HomeGoods divisions combined versus fiscal '20, total open-only comp store sales for the U.S. increased 16% and profit dollars were up 26%. In Canada, open-only comp store sales were up 8% and at TJX International, comp store sales were up 10%. Comp sales at both divisions were driven by strong increase in average basket. Further, similar to the U.S. home sales across all of our Canadian and European divisions were outstanding. 
 Next, our overall pretax margin for TJX in the third quarter was 11%, up 30 basis points versus fiscal '20. Our pretax margin increase reflects strong expense leverage due to our excellent sales growth. We also saw a significant increase in our merchandise margin, driven by strong mark-on and lower markdowns despite 160 basis points of incremental freight expense. These increases more than offset substantial investments to expand our distribution capacity, higher incentive accruals and wage costs as well as 50 basis points of net COVID costs. 
 Moving to the bottom line. Third quarter earnings per share of $0.84 were up an outstanding 24% versus $0.68 in fiscal '20. Our balance sheet inventory is up 4% on a constant currency basis versus the third quarter of fiscal '20. We were very pleased that our inventory levels on a per store basis improved in the third quarter versus both the first and second quarters. Again, and we can't emphasize this enough, availability of quality branded merchandise is excellent, and we're confident that we have plenty of inventory in our stores and online for the holiday season. 
 Moving on to our liquidity and shareholder distributions. During the third quarter, we generated $1 billion in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $6.8 billion in cash. In the third quarter, we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. For the full year, we have increased our range of our buyback by $500 million and now expect to repurchase $1.75 billion to $2.0 billion of TJX stock. 
 And now I will turn it back to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Now I'd like to highlight the opportunities that we see to drive sales in the fourth quarter. First and most importantly, we will deliver great gifts and value for the holidays. We are in a terrific position to flow fresh product multiple times a week to all of our stores and online this holiday season. Since reopening our stores last year, we have been buying with longer lead times from many of our approximately 21,000 vendors to compensate for supply chain delays. Further, our vast vendor universe is by far the largest in off-price and has always allowed us to have quality branded merchandise for our shoppers. Importantly, most of the inventory we need for the holiday season has already been delivered to us or is scheduled to arrive in stores and online in time for the holidays. 
 This leads me to my second point, which is that we are set up extremely well as a gifting destination for consumers this holiday season. Our store shelves are full with great gifting selections today, and we expect them to continue to be that way throughout the holiday shopping season. We expect to have something for everyone on consumer shopping lists and to offer an exciting and inspiring treasure hunt shopping experience. We also believe that our great values will resonate with consumers as much as ever in an inflationary environment. 
 Third, our store locations are convenient for shoppers. Our stores are generally in easy-to-access script centers and often near other high-traffic retailers like grocery stores that consumers visit multiple times throughout the season, making for an efficient shopping trip. 
 Next, we believe our holiday marketing campaigns, which started earlier this month, will help drive new and existing customers to our banners. This year, each of our divisions will showcase our differentiated shopping experience by reinforcing our value leadership while also highlighting the fresh flow of merchandise throughout the holiday season with messaging such as endless selection, great prices, all season long. 
 In the U.S. and in Canada, we will leverage the strength of our retail brands together in multi-banner campaigns. In Europe, we have a strong cross-channel marketing plan, which includes TV for the first time ever across all of our European markets. At the e-commerce, we launched homegoods.com in September and are happy to offer consumers our exciting and collect to come selections 24/7. 
 Looking ahead, we plan to bring more home categories to homegoods.com. On all of our e-commerce sites in the U.S. and in the U.K., we plan to offer exciting gift selections for the holidays that complement our in-store assortments Like our stores, new merchandise will be arriving frequently on our sites, making for an exciting online shopping experience. 
 Okay. Beyond this year, we believe we are set up extremely well to significantly grow our market share and improve our profitability. On the top line, we see tremendous opportunities with our sales and traffic-driving initiatives and our global store growth plans. We have gained significant market share this year, and we see excellent opportunities to keep attracting more consumers around the world. Giving us confidence is the appeal of our values, great brands and treasure hunt shopping experience. In all of the countries, we have brought our off-price concept around the world, too. It has resonated with consumers seeking great brands and fashions at great value. 
 In terms of profitability, I want to reiterate that we remain highly focused on improving our pretax margin profile over the medium to long term. We believe our top line initiatives can lead to outsized sales which is our best opportunity to offset some of the persistent cost pressures we face. In addition, we're very optimistic about the margin opportunity from our strategy to surgically adjust retails while maintaining our value proposition for consumers. 
 Turning to our ESG efforts. I'll start by saying that protecting the health and well-being of our associates and our customers remains a top priority, as it has throughout the pandemic. I also am pleased to share with you that our 2021 global corporate responsibility report was published this past quarter and is available on tjx.com. The report summarizes our fiscal 2021 initiatives and progress within our 4 areas of focus: workplace, communities, environmental sustainability and responsible business. 
 In addition to our report, we have published an appendix of relative ESG data and frameworks, including our first disclosure that is aligned to select metrics from the sustainability accounting standards book, or SASB. You can learn more about our efforts in our report, but I'd like to share a few highlights of our latest work with you now. 
 I spoke on our last call about our commitment to inclusion and diversity and our work to help support a more inclusive and diverse organization. Since that time, we are well on our way to launching a variety of new programs for our associates, including new mentoring programs, associate-led inclusion anniversary advisory boards and expanded partnerships with community-based organizations to support our recruitment efforts. We also recently completed our global associate inclusion and diversity survey, which will help inform our longer-term priorities. Looking ahead, we expect to publish our 2020 EE01 data by the end of the year. 
 In environmental sustainability, we made progress in our global science-based emissions reduction target. We are pleased to report a 32% reduction at the end of fiscal 2021 in greenhouse gas emissions from our direct operations against fiscal 2017. Our global approach to reducing our climate impact includes emissions reductions actions focused on reducing our energy consumption and expense, also investing in energy efficiency projects and sourcing low carbon and renewable energy sources for our direct operations. I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress in this important area. And as always, there is a lot more information on tjx.com. 
 In closing, I want to again thank each of our associates around the globe who helped us achieve outstanding third quarter results. We feel terrific about our overall execution, a very strong start to the fourth quarter and our initiatives this holiday season. We are in an excellent inventory position to flow goods to our stores and are confident our associates are in place to meet the sales demand. 
 I want to reiterate my comments in the future of TJX and our ability to grow our top line and profitability over the medium to long term. As an off-price leader in every country we operate in, we believe we are in an excellent position to capture additional market share for many years to come and to become a $60 billion-plus revenue company. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Scott for a few additional comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. 
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks again, Ernie. And just a few brief notes before we move to Q&A. In terms of the fourth quarter, we are very pleased that overall open-only comp store sales growth to start the fourth quarter is up mid-teens. Keep in mind that comp sales growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20 was a very strong 6%. 
 As to our fourth quarter pretax margin, we're continuing to face significant expense headwinds. Specifically, we're currently expecting incremental freight costs to be about 80 to 90 basis points more than the third quarter. This is primarily due to the significantly higher market rates we're paying in order to secure capacity to ensure our stores continue to have plenty of inventory. Further, we anticipate that the combination of investments to expand our distribution capacity, incremental wage and net COVID costs will be similar to the third quarter levels. Looking to next year, we feel great about our sales and customer traffic opportunities, the buying environment and our merchandise margin and our ability to surgically adjust retail. As a reminder, this year, we've been benefiting from the huge expense leverage on our outsized double-digit comp sales. Again, we feel great about our top line and margin opportunities, but it's still too early to forecast comp sales or costs for next year. I want to reiterate what we said on our second quarter call, which is despite the continuation of outsized expense pressures in the macro environment, we believe our pretax margin can get very close to the double digits next year. To be clear, we expect the level of margin deleverage from the combination of investments in distribution capacity and the incremental freight and wage costs to be higher than it was pre-COVID, but less than this year. 
 In closing, we feel great about our execution and strength of the business, both operationally and financially entering the fourth quarter. We have a strong balance sheet, and we are well positioned to take advantage of inventory opportunities, including packaway, that we will believe -- that we believe will arise from the disruption in the supply chain while also continuing to invest in the growth of our business and return significant cash to shareholders. 
 Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Boss. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats on another strong quarter. So Ernie, I think you've made it crystal clear how you feel about availability of product today and through holiday. So I won't touch on that. But my question is, your mid-teens stack comp implies a top line run rate exiting this crisis. It's nearly double your pre-pandemic trend. Is this new customers? Is this larger basket? Is it a combination of both? 
 Scott, are you seeing any pushback at all on pricing? And how best to think about expansion of the AUR initiative from here? 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Matt, good question, getting out the foundation of what's going on. Clearly, the run rate we're having is based on numerous things or I think we wouldn't be achieving these outsized comps. So yes, we're getting new market share, new customers from the data we showed, but we're also getting an increased basket. Scott can talk to that a little bit, but that's been happening really consistently. I think we mentioned that in the script. 
 There's also a conversion thing that's also happening, Matt, where I think when the customers come in, we believe we're converting at a higher rate, so they're making the purchase because there are certain times you have customers come in and they don't purchase, right? And so I believe we're running at a successful way in that manner because we have such good brands and great value out there. And the fact, obviously, at the same time, we've been surgically addressing the retail is a great indicator for the future, right? Because if we're getting the new customer, if we're getting increased visits, I would also look at it this way: We have a certain percent of our customers that are more occasional visitors and certain that are more regular visitors. And we're getting, we believe, increased visits as well. And again, conversion is at a higher rate. So all cylinders are hitting. 
 I guess I would caution us not to assume that we will run kind of at more like a triple the rate of what we used to run as you look down the road. On the other hand, the market share we're gaining now, and we think many of these customers are going to stick, right? We're going to -- we're capturing it. We're obviously making many of them very happy with what they're experiencing when they come in. So that bodes well for -- that we're acquiring and we'll be retaining some of these new customers as we go forward, which, again, all is a great indicator. 
 Your second question, was it around the margin, or no? On the -- the average retail, I guess? Matt? 
Matthew Boss: Yes. So have you seen any pushback to pricing? And where does the AUR initiative go from here? 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, yes, yes. Okay. So no, that's what it was. No pushback to pricing. We have had, I would tell you, a higher hit rate of success than we even anticipated. We thought there'd be a handful of items here or there that we would run into challenges with, but that has not been the case. It's been very few and far between where we've run into any hiccups on the adjusting of retail, which means as we continue to go ahead -- and again, we will not do anything that jeopardizes our mix being at better retail than anyone around us on like-for-like product. 
 And we can't talk to price points, obviously, on different products. We're not responsible for the quality or the brands where they retail -- that we don't carry from other retailers. But on the upstairs brand, so to speak, department store brands, we are feeling there's a lot more room for us to surgically do this well into the next few years. So we're feeling very bullish about next year as well. So hopefully, that answers your question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. 
Lorraine Maikis: It sounds like you're really pleased with your inventory position for holiday. But as you look into calendar '22, is there anything that you're seeing that concerns you around product availability for spring? 
Ernie Herrman: Lorraine, nothing. So we are -- the teams -- I would like to put in a plug again for our teams where I give them so much credit on the way they manage. I think we have more unknown and volatility given the supply chain ups and downs and the way our business is trending back. And we talked to you and many, as we talked back in the first half of the year, right? As you could see, our trend's starting to take place. 
 I give the teams credit for stepping out and buying earlier, as we said in the script. Buying more earlier to time the cadence of when we get the deliveries, and then anticipating some of the supply chain obstacles that were going to be out. And obviously, as we said in the script, we have figured out a way, it doesn't mean we're not getting hit with the -- paying the rates of moving goods at the supply. We're getting hit with all of that. But the teams figured out how to get the goods here. So we -- they've established, and I give the merchants, the buying teams, logistics, as I said in the script, everyone has participated in making this happen, planning and allocation. Those same teams have -- I get to see every week what we're placing further out. So I get to see the calendar '22 that you're asking about. And I can see the trend that we're on for opening up for first quarter, for example, which is the beginning of what you're talking about next year. And we are already heading to a very good place for February, March from what I can see on the on order. So yes, I have no concern. 
 And then one of the other things that's happened in COVID is TJX, I believe, when you look at all the branded vendors of the market, we are probably more important today than we've ever been. We're probably more important to the marketplace than we were pre-COVID. When you look at the amount of volume that we're doing with those upstairs brands, I believe that we will continue to be able to leverage those relationships well through '22. So hopefully that answers your question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager. 
Mark Altschwager: So understanding that it's too early to talk specifically about sales expectations for next year. Just wondering if you could speak more generally to where you see the incremental opportunity from a category perspective at both Marmaxx and HomeGoods as you cycle these big multiyear comps? 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Mark, great question. So continuing, obviously, our home category across the board based on the behavioral changes that have taken place with COVID and the way people -- the workplace are either hybrid situations or more virtual or -- I'll give you another one. The way people are very -- and you've probably seen a lot of data on this, people are outdoors more, and probably that will continue, which is affecting which type of apparel the world is selling, including us. I expect all of those related categories to continue to stay at a, I guess, disproportionate percent to our business and trend that way, which we're excited about. 
 Now the home business pre-COVID, for us was already trending. If anyone looks back, it's easy to forget about it, was already trending very strongly. Now we are just trending more off the charts. I do believe that levels off, but leveling off when you're running 30 comp still leaves you in an extremely bullish home trend, I think, for quite a while. And as we've seen and mentioned in the script, our apparel business has been reemerging and really some healthy high single digits here. And I believe we are going to be one of the -- when consumers continue to be value-driven, especially on apparel. I believe we take more market share there as we look out. 
 So I would see -- but then when you look to more of the, I would call it, more of the active-inspired apparel, will continue to be something that we will, I think, shine in, as well as home. And then there are certain accessory categories, I think, we will tend to outpace them. So hopefully, yes, we see a lot of opportunity there. Great question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. 
Paul Lejuez: Ernie, wondering if you could talk about the sourcing of inventory, just maybe how it's different in the current environment relative to a more normal period. Maybe talk in terms of direct source versus in-season versus packaway; maybe the types of vendors you're working with, how that's evolved; and maybe even just frequency and size of buys amongst your different vendors. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. That was good, Paul. That's a multiple -- you were able to finesse Scott's rules, right? We have like a 5-part. But I like it. 
Paul Lejuez: All the same topic. 
Ernie Herrman: Same topic. Very good. So the sourcing is quite appropriate based on everything going on. So direct sourcing, what we always do -- let's start with we're closeout-driven, okay? So we, in season, hand-to-mouth, buy the bulk of what we do. We buy very opportunistically that way. So that were continuing -- I would say that will continue the way it's going. And we've had -- all indications are, again, what I said earlier, that a lot of those key brands -- by the way, good retail around the board, as you've seen the results. Retail is pretty strong out there, obviously, right? And what that does create though, is for a lot of the public company brands that are wholesalers, it allows them -- they want to keep chasing that business with their more regular price accounts. So it allows them to get bullish knowing that we're always there on the backside for the excess inventory. So let's start with that dynamic that's happening, which will happen more as -- which is why we always like it when everyone's business is good in this environment as we go to next year. I think you're going to see a lot of wholesalers now stepping out to be a little more bullish on their upfront orders for those retailers, knowing that they have TJX for the later, for the cleanup, so to speak. So I think that whole piece, which is probably one of the biggest pieces of our business, is looking forward to a tremendous opportunity as we move forward because of that dynamic. 
 Direct sourcing, I think what you're getting at, which is we all do some business that way. I think that is just a piece where we'll look at if there's a void in a mix, and we'll do it very selectively. 
 What you talked about on packaways. So you mentioned packaways. I think that is something we very possibly, as we come out of holiday, could see a tremendous amount of packaways based on the supply chain challenges that a lot of the other retailers are going to -- the whole market's going to run into. And if they end up with some late deliveries that don't make it in for Christmas, which is very possible, if they didn't plan their cadence correctly, then I think that is going to spill off a great opportunity for us to have increased packaways for next year -- for next fall that we would be buying this January, February. And I'm anticipating that could be a huge benefit to us. I think. 
 I think I'm missing. What's the fourth -- there was a fourth aspect? 
Paul Lejuez: The frequency and size of buys... 
Ernie Herrman: Okay, great. Yes. So the -- wow, so the challenge we've had is we're buying very frequently, and the sizes of the buys vary by vendor a lot. So what's been an interesting dynamic is we have some -- and obviously, we don't talk about them on the call, but we've had some amazing brands, and one moment can have an enormous amount of goods. And it's interesting because they could be trying to unload the goods now a little early, knowing that maybe they're running into trouble later. And then we'll have some other brands that have a lot less and aren't necessarily yielding as much as a brand who's typically as comparable a size. 
 Overall, we're having a slowed -- we've had to slow down as we were getting into the time period here because there's still more availability in total than we could handle. I would say it's a tip -- that piece, ironically, is almost the same as pre-COVID, where you'll read some articles where the brands will say certain brands, and I won't mention who the h*** will say, oh, we're not going to -- we're cutting back on the discount "off-price channel." And -- but they've said that for years pre-COVID. And then what happens is it goes in cycles, where all of a sudden, they say that for 3 to 6 months, and then they are more loaded later. And then -- so we might do less business with a certain brand for 6 months, but we're just going to do more with a different brand for that 6 months. And then the cycle goes back the other way. 
 And what's interesting on this is we watch for those situations, because typically -- and this is better post-COVID, since we mean more to the market in general, I think some of those vendors that are saying they're going to go less to discount are actually the ones that are still going to want to, for the future, place some more orders upfront that allow them reorders with some of the hot retailers, which in turn should come back and leave more availability. Hopefully, that all makes sense. Probably more than you need to know. [indiscernible] It's a great question. Great question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Grom. 
Charles Grom: Scott, can you just dive into the offsets you expect to see in the fourth quarter to help offset the incremental 80 to 90 basis points of supply chain pressures? And then any color specific on where you think pretax margins can land in 4Q specifically? 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We didn't get -- you'd probably going to be disappointed with my answer. I think it's similar to what Ernie has been alluding to. We feel great about the top line initiatives to drive sales, and our merchandise margin and the cost is -- I think, the biggest thing we called out on the cost is the incremental freight for the fourth quarter in and around that 75 to 100 basis points, 90 basis points more. And a lot will just depend on what the level of the comps are. We said all the other costs are similar to -- similar prices we saw in the last quarter. So not much more to say in terms of where we'll end up. I think a lot will depend again on that level of comps that we're able to achieve. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Glad to be able to see the momentum in the business. Ernie, I want to make sure I heard you correctly. I think you said the surgical price increase strategy is well underway. I'm assuming that means you started executing it here in the third quarter. It sounds like you've already got a reasonably good kind of level of feedback on how those price increases are being received by consumers with basically no price resistance. I just want to make sure I understand that correctly. 
 And then, Scott, wanted to ask you about the benefit in gross margin. You talked about a nice expansion in the merchandise margin from higher IMU, maybe that's a piece of the pricing, and strong full price selling. But I'm trying to just sort of unpack the moving parts in that gross margin line to uncover or reveal just exactly how great that performance is in merchandise margins. So if you could just help us with some of the moving pieces in gross margin, specifically since you saw that nice boost versus 2019? That would be helpful. 
Ernie Herrman: So Kimberly, yes, let me go right to -- what you thought you heard from me is exactly correct the way you said it. And we did start -- we started very early actually as we were coming out of second quarter and going into third quarter, we were starting to do this pretty aggressively, but surgically. So we did it very selectively, and that's how we're going to continue to do it. And the merchants are doing a great job at approaching it in extremely analytical, and as well as verifying that, again, our out-the-door retail is significantly below anyone else's out-the-door retail. 
 Remember, the foundation of this is what's going on in this country, which is that wages and supply chain costs are hitting really like never before altogether. And it is forcing retailers around us to either promote less or raise their retail. So it is just creating a window of opportunity that we -- and the wage thing. I have no reason to believe that ends. So our teams, yes, started back then. We had a significant amount of the selective adjusting at retails, and we have had very good success during the third quarter. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I'd just echo on what -- we do a lot of customer surveys with our marketing group and everything, and first -- one of the things in the survey is our value perception remains just as strong as ever. So whatever we're doing selective to the retail has had to the best week and determined no impact from a customer perspective, and as I think we said multiple times, we were looking at the turns, the sales, the categories and everything has been consistent and strong, similar to the first and second quarter. So we can't see any impact in. And so that's just from that perspective. 
 In terms of the merchandise margin, we've seen similar again to the second quarter, half of our benefit is coming from reduced markdowns due to the strong sales, and the other is by an increased mark on. We are seeing some cost increases, but we're having a retailing increases that are offsetting some of that. I think one of the benefits to having our average retail come down or improve over the last couple of quarters is as that happens, our cost -- it helps us on our cost structure as well as it takes -- you'll have fewer units to move in our stores, DC and freight. So we're seeing some of the benefit on that as well. 
 But to answer your question, it's about half of our benefit is coming from mark-on and half of it is coming from markdowns. And in total, we offset a bit -- even with the higher freight costs, we went up slightly in our merchandise margin this quarter versus last quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Simeon Siegel. 
Simeon Siegel: Congrats on the great results. Ernie, just your comment earlier about the importance of the upstairs brands. Are you seeing any difference in concentration of the top brands now versus historically? And then sorry if I missed it, did you guys say what percent of inventory was on hand versus in transit? 
Ernie Herrman: Simeon, so interesting question. On the concentration of vendors, well, I would say, it varies by -- it varies by family of business. But yes, I would say there is a little shifting just like the environment has shifted. So certain categories are performing a lot better, which includes certain brands. So what's happening is in those categories that represent certain brands, we're ending up with more brands there. And this won't surprise you. Overall, I would say, in the store, Simeon, we're ending up with some of the more, I guess, you'd call it, casual brands because that's the way the market has kind of gone, if you know what I mean. 
 Having said that, as apparel has kicked back in, we do have some dressier parts of apparel where some of the more traditional brands are still, I would say, they've ramped back up a little bit. But if you look overall, I would say the casual brands have shifted to make up a greater percent of our mix and less dressy, which, again, that's a behavioral issue going on. And probably that type of trend continues for a while. 
 And then I'm not going to do the actual categories, but in home, as you can imagine, that's a greater percent of our business. So we have some home labels that I think we're doing more business with today than we were a couple of years ago that have ramped up, and the complexion looks that way. And what we do, Simeon, is at the end of the day, no matter who the brand is, the buyers are -- their first focus is to make sure we're at the right value. So it's interesting. We won't force -- we try not to -- too much predetermine which brand  we're going to emphasize based on just what the brand is. We kind of do it based on how exciting is the value. I'll let Scott jump in on the second question. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So Simeon, on the inventory, good question. The in-transit on order is up -- it was -- it's up about a little more than 5% in terms of the contribution of that total inventory that we have on our balance sheet, but it was up -- it's similar to where we were up in the second quarter over fiscal '20. So yes, it is in that 5% range more as a percent of the total than it would have been total than 2 years ago. 
 Having said that, our -- as we've said, our -- both store and distribution on a per store basis versus '20 was improved versus the second quarter where we ended at the end of the third quarter versus the second quarter, which also had improved versus the first quarter. So we've -- even despite our sales increases, we've been continuing to improve that inventory position, both in the stores and DCs. 
 Given that we have a fair amount of inventory coming in, it should bode well for the fresh flow of inventory as a lot of -- all of this -- the vast majority of this inventory will be coming in over the next several weeks. So feel good about the fresh flow. I don't know, Ernie, if you have anything. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No. I mean I agree with everything that Scott just said. And we're bullish on -- we are just bullish on the way we can flow and availability as we look forward as we addressed on the other question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice progress. Two quick things. As you think about real estate, remodels, relocations, what are you seeing and how is that working for each of the banners? And you mentioned TV and marketing for Europe.  How are you planning your marketing budget this holiday compared to last year? 
Ernie Herrman: All right. I'll let Scott talk on the real estate, and then I'll jump in on the marketing. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, I think we're extremely bullish on the real estate, both what we've seen this year. First, in terms of our new store openings, we are -- we've been experiencing as good as ever in terms of beating our -- both our pro formas across our divisions. So that's exciting. As we said, we expect approximately the ability to open 170-plus stores next year, and then historically, get back to that 4% growth where we were over 200 stores a year for many, many years averaging on that with, as you know, very 3 to 5 closings a year. So we love that aspect. 
 In terms of the remodels, we're doing over 300 this year. We don't have a number for next year, but it's going to be significantly higher across our divisions. Part of that is -- and that's something that's very important to us as one of the things that we have just continually seen in this -- all this year we've seen the same thing where there's very little difference when you go from a store that's 10 years old to 20 years old to 30 years old. So part of that is we're just keeping these stores look fresh, and that's why I think our ability to run the comps has been as good as it's doing. 
 And then I think we've also, in the lease rates on both the hundreds of stores that we come to a renewal period, our teams have done a great job across the board in getting lease renewals at lower rates than what we had contracted at. And that's continued all year long. And it's starting, as you get over time, to being some meaningful dollars. So we feel real good about that. And then the availability for the sites and what we're seeing, we expect to see that for years to come given the amount of store closures that have happened in the past 2 years. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And on marketing, great question. Our marketing spend -- I mean, we're going after it this holiday in terms of driving -- continuing to gain market share. So our marketing spend is planned up significantly in Q4 versus FY '20, with the idea to keep -- it allows to be top of mind for consumers during the holiday season. As you know, Dana, it gets very noisy around marketing, and we want to break through. Our campaigns are designed to break through as best they can with the budget in terms of our creative campaigns the way we execute them. 
 By the way, more than half of our marketing dollars are going to be allocated to digital advertising, which is where the consumers are. And we're really -- I think I briefly mentioned it, we're really laser-focused on capturing the market share and driving customer traffic, and we'll be reinforcing. And a lot of the messages are really built around the competitive advantages on value that we show, our unique selection. We do that by showing certain product categories to remind the customer that we're going to be in these categories for gift giving. I think that's always key for us, because sometimes, customers forget that we have such a wide assortment of categories. And our goal is really to win discovery shopping occasions, which is roughly half of all shopping occasions where people are seeking inspiration and a bit of our treasure hunt retail therapy that I think we can provide for the customer. 
 And then we're leveraging the power of influencers and brand fans, and we're giving her a choice via multichannel messaging and we're just -- this is how we're spending the money. And I just think we are so well positioned to -- let's start with well positioned with our store execution, our merchandise and then our marketing, to help drive them into the stores. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti. 
Michael Binetti: Let me add my congrats on a great quarter guys. Scott, a couple -- I want to ask you, I know on your comment about pretax margin getting very close to double digits next year, I think is how you phrased it. I know pre-COVID, it's a little too early to plan, but pre-COVID, you always plan the business around a 2% to 3% comp. Is that how we should orient ourselves related to your comment. And then we flex our models up and down with our own assumptions on comps. But is that a fair assumption? 
 And then I'm just trying to think through the puts and takes on how you're thinking about it. You said deleverage on the combination of investments and distribution capacity. But your COVID costs were a pretty big burden this year, your store volumes will be much higher in 2019. I would think freight would be a net benefit to the whole year next year. And I know on the last call, you said you thought it'd be -- freight would be worse than second half, gets a little better next year. And then you have some pricing. So I'm just trying to think through the puts and takes that would end up below double digits next year as you think about it? 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, too early to make the call. Again, as Ernie said, we feel great about the top line, too. We haven't made a definitive call yet on what we think the comp sales will be over this year, but we... 
Ernie Herrman: Well, I would jump -- I think we're thinking it will be slightly above 2% or 3%, I would say, Michael. Because with this type of momentum and the amount of customer acquisition, I think we'll be a notch above that. 
Scott Goldenberg: So I guess that means 3% to 4%. In terms of the other costs, Michael, the one thing I'd say is that the combination of freight, although not going to be at the outsized delevers that we're seeing this year north of $150 million. We still expect, because of at least the visibility to the first half and to be determined the second, to have more than the normal amount of freight deleverage. So it's still going to be a lot less, but still more than what we would have seen pre-COVID. 
Ernie Herrman: Only in the first half. We're hoping in the second half, Michael, to your point, that we level off on that. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So overall, though, for the year, still would expect it to be more. So the combination of the supply chain wage and freight, yes, less COVID, but we would still expect to see those to be more than what we are seeing pre-COVID. Now we'll -- as we get closer and -- to the end of the year and we see with the retail strategies and how we're buying and what the benefit we're going to get from a higher retail, but yes, we expect the margin to go up, what would it be over this year. The question is just what we'll be able to offset in terms of to drive the margins even higher. 
 Longer term, we, again, feel real good to the ones we have some level of stabilization. As we said that we would expect -- if we have headwinds that are closer to what we saw pre-COVID, that we would -- with a 3% to 4% comp, as Ernie just said on a go-forward basis, we would expect to be flat or leverage our business in the longer term from wherever we end up at the end of next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine. 
Laura Champine: I wanted to talk about availability on the luxury brands, because we've seen fewer of those in stores, and I know that it's tough to check a material number of stores, but it looks like there's something changing in closeouts for true luxury. Is that -- am I seeing something that's consistent across the chains? Or is that more you buying towards trend and the trend is not on the luxury brands anymore? 
Ernie Herrman: Laura, very good question. I think it's a combination of both, and I think it's a fair observation. I would say in your traditional categories where you might have seen us have a little bit more luxury brands, we have a little less of that right now. But as I mentioned earlier, it's also not where the action is, so to speak, or where all the trends are, which is much more casual, not luxury brands more active but we do have less. 
 I don't think it's a -- I don't think this is a long-term situation. I think this starts to go away as we get into next year on the less luxury brands. And also as the apparel cycle, the more traditional, slightly dressier apparel cycle comes back, I think we'll see more of the luxury brands I know you're referring to. And I think it's an accurate observation on your part. 
 In terms of total brands and best brands as we would call it, by category, varying by category, yes, we're in great shape there. The luxury brands are definitely a little less valid. But I would not think it's a long-term issue. 
Laura Champine: And if I could follow up on with that. Obviously, it's not a material part of sales. And obviously, traffic is great right now. But is there any concern on your part that you might lose some of that treasure hunt customer traffic towards the holidays because that not there on the luxury side? 
Ernie Herrman: No. Well, no, because that side of the business, the true luxury side, was very small to begin with as a percent of our business. And it also becomes more of the self-purchase, not the gift, on the true luxury goods. Yes, there's some gift giving there, but we have a lot of the gift-giving categories and items in depth. So no concern at all on that. 
 And again, no really concern as a medium-term thing because I think this cycle is back as you go to next year. I could tell you -- so that's one that you've noticed. I could give you a few other departments we actually also have a lot less of right. Here's the beauty of our model. There's a few other departments right now that are bigger deal than, say, luxury vendors that we are actually very low on, but we're running in 15 comps. So it's -- the stores are flexing. And as we mentioned in the -- we're able to flex the entire store and go after where the exciting value is. 
 And also what I mentioned earlier is, again, our contract to our customer is to have -- what we have in the stores, to have exciting value and get ready for gift-giving season. And we do that, even though we are at times going to run into pockets of either certain brands or certain departments or categories like I just said, that we're not actually -- that were under on. So yes, there's just other things besides that we're actually light on, and it won't -- we believe it won't impact our performance over holiday. 
Operator: The final question of the day comes from Omar Saad. 
Ernie Herrman: Did we lose you, Omar? 
Omar Saad: Can you hear me? 
Ernie Herrman: Now we can hear you. 
Omar Saad: Sorry about that. I wanted to ask a follow-up on some of the discussions you've been having around the pricing actions you've taken, given the inflationary environment. Maybe -- especially around the term surgical, does that mean only a certain banner? Did you do it across banner? Did you try international? Or do you -- is it only certain products and categories? 
 And also kind of strategically, as you -- are you thinking differently about how you price your goods? Your merchants may be used to use a cost-plus mentality, and now, you're approaching it more from a value perspective, especially given the inflationary environment. Any kind of philosophical change in how you think about price and value would be helpful to understand. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. No. Again, very good questions, Omar. So let me -- there's 2 key questions you're asking. Let me go at both. They're interesting. No, we did not isolate the strategy to any one banner or any category. So the selective retailing goods applies to Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, or every division we have in Canada, Europe, every banner, Australia. So it is not a -- by any means, and we have all the merchants in every marketplace looking at this. And the approach to your second question, and it's -- I'm glad you asked this because you could think that we actually don't approach a cost plus. That is a formula we don't do. That is a formula that a traditional retailer does. And what our buyers do is they determine the retail first. And almost we say, forget about what the cost is. What's the exciting value retail? And then we work it back from there. And so that's where -- and how do you determine the value of retail? You take your fashion in your brand and you look at where it's being sold at other retailers. And from there, we determine the significant retail gap we need to have between us and the other retail. And that's how we established the retail, not at what the cost is. 
 And that philosophy, I just discussed just now, that is what is being utilized, I guess, you would say, in every division that is doing this. And again, it is international, it's everywhere. And that is what allows us to make sure that the retail is still providing tremendous value, because we're using comp shopping of what is the retail in that item at other retailers, what is it selling for. And that's how we do it. 
 We don't do what the cost is to us or -- and that's what we referred to as a markup wheel, which traditional retailers do, do that. We do not do that. And it's a great question, though, because you want to do one with -- I like the way you asked it because you want one without the -- you don't want to go around surgically address the retailer that we were doing it off the cost, that you could run into trouble. So this, again, good question. 
 Thank you, Omar. And I believe that was our -- Missy, that was our last question for the group. 
 Thank you all for joining us today, and we'll be updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Let me just say from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health and happy Thanksgiving. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-08-18 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded August 18, 2021. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Sheila. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments. 
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. 
 The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2021. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited in the violation of the United States copyright and other laws. 
 Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. 
 I'd like to start our call today by once again thanking all of our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication to TJX. We are especially grateful for their efforts over the past 18 months and for their commitment to the health and safety of our associates and customers. 
 Now to an overview of our second quarter results. First, I am extremely pleased that our overall open-only comp store sales, when compared to our fiscal year 2020 or calendar year 2019, increased an outstanding 20%, which well exceeded our plans. Comp growth in home continued to be excellent, and we also saw a very strong low teens comp increase in apparel as that category continued its upward trend this quarter. 
 We were particularly pleased with the strong execution we saw across each of our divisions, which all drove double-digit, open-only comp sales growth versus fiscal 2020. Clearly, our branded mix and great values continue to resonate with consumers in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia. 
 Next, overall sales were $12.1 billion, over $2 billion more than the second quarter of fiscal 2020. And overall segment profit increased more than $300 million over the same period. We are convinced that our sales growth and profit in the second quarter demonstrate that we are capturing profitable market share. We are confident that many of our loyal customers have returned to our stores and are shopping us more frequently and that we are attracting new shoppers with our marketing and exciting treasure hunt shopping experience. 
 Third, I am very pleased with the sequential improvement of our pretax margin versus the first quarter. Our strong sales growth and merchandise margin increased more than offset the persistent expense headwinds we have been facing. The buying environment has been excellent, and our teams have done a terrific job sourcing the right mix of goods and getting them to our stores to satisfy the strong customer demand. 
 Lastly, second quarter earnings per share of $0.64 were also well above our plans. As a reminder, this includes a negative $0.15 impact from a debt extinguishment charge and the impact from our temporary store closures. Our strong earnings per share in the second quarter were over EPS of $0.62 in fiscal 2020. 
 Now I'll turn it over to Scott to cover more of our second quarter financial results in more detail. 
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Ernie's comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and continued commitment to our business. 
 I'll start with some additional details of our second quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, overall open-only comp store sales increased 20% over fiscal '20, well above our plans and segment profit was very strong. In the second quarter, we continued to see an increase in our average basket across all divisions, driven by customers putting more items into their carts. Overall, average ticket was down slightly versus fiscal '20, but improved significantly compared to the first quarter, primarily due to the improved strength in apparel. 
 Further, average ticket improved each month of the quarter and was up in July. Overall, customer traffic in the United States, where we were open the entire quarter with minimal occupancy restrictions, was up mid-single digits versus fiscal '20. 
 Across each of our divisions, second quarter open-only comp store sales growth was also excellent and exceeded our plans. At Marmaxx, open-only comp store sales increased an outstanding 18% and profit dollars were up 19% versus fiscal '20. Marmaxx's home business continued its excellent performance and once again posted a comp increase in line with HomeGoods. Apparel comps were up mid-teens and improved significantly versus the first quarter. Further, sales were strong across all geographies and by age of store. 
 At HomeGoods, open-only comps increased a phenomenal 36% with consistent strength across all major categories and geographic regions for HomeGoods and HomeSense. We were also very pleased with HomeGoods profit dollars, which were up 42% versus fiscal '20. As a reminder, HomeGoods margin is disproportionately impacted by freight increases due to its product mix and further pressured by supply chain costs related to its new distribution center and wages. 
 When looking at our HomeGoods -- Marmaxx and HomeGoods divisions combined versus fiscal '20, total open-only comp store sales for the U.S. increased 21% and profit dollars were up 22%. 
 During the second quarter, Canada, Europe and Australia each face challenges with temporary store closures and occupancy restrictions. Despite these limitations, we saw very healthy sales when we were open with TJX's Canada's second quarter open-only comp store sales, increasing 18% and TJX's international comp sales increasing 12%. 
 Moving on, overall sales increased 22% over the second quarter of fiscal '20. As we detailed in our press release this morning, we estimate that sales were negatively impacted by about $300 million to $350 million due to the temporary closing of our stores for about 3% of the quarter. Pretax margin for the second quarter was 8.7%. This includes a 200 basis point negative impact due to a debt extinguishment charge and an estimated 60 basis points negative impact from the temporary store closures. Net COVID costs moderated significantly versus the first quarter and negatively impacted pretax margin by only 30 basis points in the second quarter. 
 Again, we are extremely pleased with our improved pretax margin in the second quarter. Our very strong sales and excellent merchandise margin increase more than offset the 150 basis points of incremental freight expense, the substantial supply chain and wage costs and higher incentive compensation accruals. 
 Moving to the bottom line. Second quarter earnings per share were $0.64 and well above our plans. Second quarter EPS includes a $0.15 negative impact due to the debt extinguishment charge and an estimated $0.05 to $0.07 negative impact from the temporary store closures. Again, EPS in the second quarter of fiscal '20 was $0.62 per share. 
 As for balance sheet inventory, it was down 3% on a constant currency basis versus the second quarter of fiscal '20. Store inventories were down, but essentially where we want them to be. In our distribution and centers, inventory was lower as we have less packaway and more goods on order and in-transit. Our bars are doing a great job sourcing merchandise and have been able to chase the goods we need to satisfy the current strong consumer demand. To reiterate, the availability of merchandise is excellent. 
 Moving on to our cash flow and liquidity. During the second quarter, we generated $1.4 billion in operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $7.1 billion in cash. In June, we completed the make-whole calls for $2 billion of principal outstanding notes which resulted in a pretax debt extinguishment charge of $242 million. As a result of these actions, we have reduced our outstanding debt by $2.75 billion this year and lowered our annual interest expense by over $90 million. 
 As for the shareholder distributions, in the second quarter, we returned $614 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. For the full year, we have increased our stock buyback by $250 million and now expect to repurchase $1.25 billion to $1.5 billion of TJX stock. 
 Now I will turn it back to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. 
 Looking ahead, I'd like to highlight the opportunities that we believe will allow us to drive sales and traffic in the second half of the year. First, we are convinced that our relentless focus on value is a tremendous advantage. In an inflationary environment, we believe even more consumers will be seeking out value. We are confident that our value position will be a very attractive option for consumers looking to stretch their dollars without sacrificing on quality and brands. 
 Second, we are excited about our store and online merchandising plans for the back half of the year, especially the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons. The marketplace is loaded with a great selection of apparel and home merchandise across good, better and best brands. We have enormous confidence that our teams will execute on these initiatives to bring consumers the right brands and fashions at the right values every day. 
 Next, we are planning exciting marketing campaigns for television and digital media for the fall and holiday season. We believe these campaigns will help us continue to attract new shoppers and stay top-of-mind with our existing customers. Each of our divisions will showcase our differentiated shopping experience by reinforcing our value leadership while also highlighting discovery, fashion and quality. 
 Further, in an ever-evolving media landscape, we continue to learn and adapt to new digital outlets so that we can broaden our consumer reach and ensure we are connecting with shoppers on the platforms where they are spending their time. Additionally, our research tells us that, overall, our marketing campaigns and great assortment of values continue to attract new shoppers of all ages into our stores, including an outsized number of Gen Z and millennial shoppers. We are also encouraged by our strong overall customer satisfaction scores. 
 Lastly, while most of our European and Canadian stores were open in the second quarter, many of them were still operating with stringent COVID-related occupancy restrictions. Many of these restrictions have eased, and assuming this trend continues, we expect overall sales and customer traffic to improve in the second half of the year in these regions. Further, with a significant number of permanent retail closures in these geographies over the last 18 months, we see a great opportunity to capture a bigger share of consumers' wallets going forward. 
 As to e-commerce, we continue to be pleased with the sales at our U.S. and U.K. online businesses. We are excited to launch e-commerce on homegoods.com in the third quarter. We believe this is something our existing customers have been waiting for and is another way for us to attract new shoppers. Similar to our other online businesses, homegoods.com will be complementary to our physical stores and allow customers to shop our great values 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
 Beyond this year, we are convinced that we are set up extremely well to significantly grow our market share and improve our profitability. Let me take a moment and share the characteristics of our business that we believe will continue to draw consumers to our retail banners going forward. 
 First, we are confident that the appeal of our treasure hunt shopping experience will continue to resonate with consumers. Our merchandise assortments are constantly changing, so there's always something new to surprise, excite and inspire shoppers in our stores and online. Further, we offer great value every day. So our customers know they are getting excellent deals every time they visit, and they don't have to think about coupons or promotions. 
 Second, we believe our stores offer consumers a much more eclectic assortment of merchandise versus traditional department and specialty stores. Our more than 1,100 global buyers are in the marketplace every week sourcing fresh, exciting merchandise from a universe of about 21,000 vendors around the world. Our planning and allocation teams curate these goods to create a differentiated store-by-store mix that we believe no one else is offering. 
 Next, we locate our stores in convenient, easy-to-access locations to make it easy for shoppers to visit our stores in a timely and efficient way. For example, in the U.S., we estimate that we have a T.J. Maxx or a Marshalls store within 10 miles of approximately 80% of the population. Our retail banners are located across urban, suburban and rural markets, which allows us to reach consumers across a very wide customer demographic. 
 Lastly, the flexibility of our business model allows us to adjust our buying, store formats and distribution to take advantage of hot categories and brands and adapt to changing consumer preferences. In terms of profitability, I want to emphasize that we are highly focused on improving our pretax margin profile next year and beyond. Clearly, our ability to keep gaining market share and drive outsized sales is our best opportunity. 
 In addition, we feel great about the opportunities we are pursuing that we believe will help offset the margin pressures that we have seen over the last several years. One of these is to surgically look for opportunities to adjust retails in select areas, while maintaining our great values to our shoppers, just as we have throughout our history. Scott will discuss this in more detail in a moment. 
 Now I would like to share some information about corporate responsibility at TJX. For our nearly 45-year history, our mission has been consistent to deliver great value every day. And similarly, since the very beginning, we have also committed to acting as a responsible corporate citizen. 
 Throughout the pandemic, the health and safety of our associates and our customers has been a top priority and remains so today. Simultaneously, over the past 1.5 years, important issues like equity and racial justice and climate change have become even more critical. To be clear, these are areas that we have been committed to for many years and are proud of the actions we have taken recently to make additional progress. 
 Let me share a few key points on these. In terms of equity and racial justice for our 45-year history, we have been committed to making TJX an inclusive workplace. In June, we shared with our associates and on tjx.com the most recent steps that we are taking to help us become a more inclusive and diverse organization at all levels. These efforts include initiatives related to recruitment practices, associate education, training and development and an expanded focus on our process and programs to support an inclusive work environment. We know we have work to do and are committed to improving in this important area. 
 As to the increasing importance of environmental sustainability, we have made progress working towards the goal we set last June for a science-based greenhouse gas emissions target mapped to the Paris Climate Agreement 1.5-degree Celsius guidelines. In the coming weeks, we will make our annual update to the environmental sustainability portion of tjx.com, including information about our climate and energy strategy, along with waste and chemicals management. 
 These are just a few of our initiatives. We recognize there is an increasing interest in our efforts related to environmental, social and governance, or ESG practices, and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Our commitment to corporate responsibility is as important as ever. And as always, there is a lot of information on tjx.com. 
 In closing, I want to again thank each of our associates around the globe who stepped up to support the business and helped us achieve outstanding second quarter results. I could not be prouder of the collective efforts of our associates over the past 18 months and their commitment to working as one TJX throughout this health crisis. 
 I am extremely pleased with our excellent top and bottom line performance in the second quarter, and I'm optimistic on the remainder of the year. As an op price leader in every country we operate in, I am convinced that TJX is set up extremely well to gain market share for many years to come. I am confident that our sales and traffic initiatives as well as our global store growth plans, will draw even more shoppers to our retail banners. 
 In terms of the bottom line, we are very confident in the opportunities we see to drive higher profit margins beyond this year. I truly believe the characteristics of our off-price business model will continue to be a winning retail formula and that TJX is on its way to becoming a $60 billion-plus revenue company. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Scott for a few additional comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. 
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks again, Ernie, and just a few brief notes before we move to Q&A. 
 In terms of the third quarter, we are very pleased that overall open-only comp store sales trends are up very strongly to start the quarter at the mid-teens level. This is despite what we believe is a negative sales impact from the Delta variant that we've seen since the last week of July. Currently, all of our stores in the U.S., Canada and Europe are open and approximately, 40 of our Australian stores are closed. While we are not planning for overall store closures in the third quarter to be significant, sales could also be negatively impacted if new COVID-related regulations are put in place. 
 As we mentioned in the press release, due to continued uncertainty with COVID, we are not providing guidance for the third quarter or the second half of the year today. 
 Lastly, I want to pick up on Ernie's point about improving our margin profile next year and beyond as we pursue opportunities, both on the macro level and within our business. First, while we expect the combination of freight, supply chain and wage costs to be higher in the back half of the year, we do not envision freight and wage -- we do envision freight and wage beginning to moderate as we move through next year. 
 Second, to the extent we can drive outsized comps, that is the easiest way for us to improve our margin going forward. Further, we will remain focused on continuing to buy even better and opening more vendors. Also, we are seeing a less promotional environment and rising inflation as well as stronger sales in our apparel categories. 
 We see all of these factors as opportunities for higher retails. At the same time, we remain laser-focused on continuing to offer consumers great values, just as we have throughout our 45-year history. 
 In closing, we feel great about the strength of the business, both operationally and financially, and we are confident that we are capturing market share. We are extremely pleased to be in a strong financial position to make important investments in our business and return significant value to our shareholders through both our share buyback and dividend programs. 
 Now we're happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now we'll open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson. 
Lorraine Maikis: Ernie, you made -- and Scott, you made a few references toward adjusting retail. And I was just curious, was that specifically for HomeGoods? Was that across the entire portfolio of brands and how do you balance increasing your prices with also providing great value to the customer? 
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Lorraine. Great question. First of all, when we referred to -- we are talking about all of the businesses. We believe perhaps there might be a little bit more opportunity that we're seeing in the home area. But we are, in effect, talking about all of the banners. We also have seen that we started a big change from the first quarter when we had talked about this is we want to more wait and see what happens around us. And as you would have expected, with the inflation of the cost pressures that I think all the other retailers are receiving, we're observing that there is less promotion as well as more pockets than we saw a quarter ago in terms of ability to raise retail surgically and selectively in certain areas of the store. 
 And again, that applies not just in the home area. Even though I think the home area is disproportionately a place where we'll do more of that. We also think that the freight that has hit everybody, by the way, has created -- freight and wage, which we all knew this could be an unusual time to see this opportunity. First quarter, again, when we talked about this, we were going to be looking hard at it. We have just seen the ability to do that more than we were thinking we could do before. And I'm sorry, the second -- what was your second part of the question? 
Lorraine Maikis: Just how you think about raising prices, but also still providing... 
Ernie Herrman: The maintaining value, I think, is what you were questioning, right? So we mentioned -- I mentioned in the script, but we bottom up this strategy. It's a little like we used to talk to on our average ticket, and we'd say our ticket was down or whatever. Although that's been moderating in a nice direction and we're feeling good about that upside as we move forward. But our buyers drive where the retail adjustment opportunities are. It is not top-down-driven as far as what items we do that on. 
 So the first mission, as always, and again, in the script, I mentioned this a couple of times as we've done in our 40-plus year history, we're always making sure our retail adjustment is providing still a tremendous gap and value for us versus the out-the-door retails of competition. So buyers do not do that unless we are still showing a great value. 
 So if it wasn't for the fact that the retails around us are up a little bit or less promotional, we wouldn't be able to do what we're doing there to the degree that we think we can do it. And by the way, to the degree, which we think we'll be able to do it going forward. We also feel the -- another cost pressure we have been dealing with for the last handful of years was the ticket lowering. And in this environment, what we're starting to see now is that moderating. 
 So again, what Scott and I have looked at it with the teams, as we look at next year, really, as we get to fourth quarter into next year, I think we really start seeing these -- really start seeing more opportunity to do more of what we just talked about because we have just started this mission. I think we are in a great position to surgically look at the way we're retailing goods really throughout the whole corporation over the next couple of years. And I think that's going to bode well for us. But great questions. 
Operator: Next, we will hear from Matthew Boss. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats on a really nice quarter. 
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Matt. 
Matthew Boss: So Ernie, you cited material market share opportunity remaining. Where are you the most excited from here? And Scott, maybe just a follow-up on margins. Is there a way to rank the opportunities that you cited to improve profitability in the medium term? And I guess what I'm really trying to figure out is, is there opportunity to close the international profit margin gap or any structural constraints that would prevent Marmaxx from returning to that 13% to 14% operating margin profile as we think about it? 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Matt, I will go first and then Scott will back -- clean up, as they say. And the market -- you saw market share, man, we see it on a lot of fronts. So clearly, the most obvious one is the home area, which we've talked about and in the script, we're -- truly phenomenal results in our home area. Yes. We see that as a continued strength in that we are so differentiated. You know this. Our home area is very fashion-driven, extremely fast-turning. It's eclectic with great value, great brands, all the different categories in the world you would want. And it's probably our most impulsive-oriented right form of shopping banner that we have. 
 So when a customer walks in, and let's talk -- we didn't talk much about it earlier in the script about the entertainment treasure hunt value in HomeGoods. It is off the charts, as we know, which is why we are having these just amazing outsized comps there. And just so you know, the home business throughout the corporation and the full family stores, so whether that's in Maxx or Marshalls, the same thing applies. Our home business is there are just as healthy. 
 And when we look at international, also very healthy. So I would say the #1 market share thing will continue to be home. However, as we mentioned on the call, our apparel and some other areas of the store, which I don't want to put out there specifically right now, has been extremely healthy across men's, ladies, kids. And as those start to kick in, as you know, in our business, that helps us with our average ticket, but it also helps us, I think, with continued market share gain because based on a lot of store closures around us, a lot of them were branded apparel retailers where certain boxes have closed. 
 And I think this presents an unusual opportunity for us to continue to gain more market share because of our branded content being really second to none, I think, in terms of also doing good, better and best which is another advantage we have when you look at some of our competition. They tend to be a little narrower in their scope of goods. They don't trade up as quite as high. And I think that range for us will allow us to continue to gain. That's why I'm so excited about it. 
 Before I hand it over to Scott, the other thing I would like to say is on the margins that -- what we're seeing here is another plus is all of these areas, just like Lorraine had asked me, are presenting opportunities for us to either raise our ticket in total or adjust our retail surgically on select amount of goods and doing it in the right way, but I think that's going to kind of play out as we move forward next year. 
 And it does allow us a goal. You were asking Scott about the margins overall internationally, et cetera. But we're feeling pretty bullish about really starting to get back to those double-digit margins as we look out to next year, are getting very close. And I'm sure Scott will -- and I'm talking in total, but I'm sure he will get into more of that international that you asked about. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So I think, Ernie, the setup is that we think we can do this across all divisions. So I think we wouldn't be looking for any one division to get better. We're really looking for all divisions to get better in getting -- not necessarily -- it's not -- I think, as Ernie said, it's going to be a pace. We have to see what -- we want to make sure we're doing this prudently and do it right. But it would be over the course of time. 
 I think the first thing is we get up to those double digits is once we get there and go beyond, is that we would be looked -- and I think it's mostly going to be through a strong merchandise margin, offsetting a lot of the cost pressures. But I think Ernie alluded to the higher average retail or the moderation in retail, I think, then resulting in a higher average retail will some of those expenses will moderate on the store and distribution and freight line as we get a higher average retail. 
 And to be determined on the pace of that, but it could be 2/3 merchandise margin, 1/3 on the expenses because you do get a significant benefit. But a lot of that will be the pace, and we'll have to see as we move through the fourth quarter into next year as we start buying and get this benefit, that's when we would expect more of it to happen as next year. 
 I think the other point that Ernie was making is that once we get to those levels, the first point is get to a point where our -- we can leverage on a -- we'd be flat or better on a low -- the 3, 4 type of comp. And that's what our expectations would be in the longer term of getting to that level. Once we get to that, then I think we'll be talking about higher overall pretax levels. 
 But first, as you know, for many, many years, we've been delevering slightly on some strong comps. And I think now would be how do we get to a point, and we feel confident that we can do it, that we can stop that bleeding but on a low- to mid-single comp. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti. 
Michael Binetti: Thanks for all the help there on the AURs and the margins. I wanted to follow up with a question on SG&A. Scott, I think if we just run rate out the SG&A in the quarter, it could be trending to $1.5 billion or even $2 billion higher than calendar '19. I know there's been -- there were some COVID costs there in the first quarter, but I don't think that was much of an explanation in 2Q, you gave us the 30 basis points. So could you maybe talk about what's in that base of dollars this year that sticks? What becomes more leverageable? What's an investment this year? What are you investing in? But what becomes more leverageable as you look out to 2022? I know a lot of the focus in your prior answer was on the shift in retails that you spoke about. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Let me unpack Q2 a little better because it's not straight. As you know, there's a lot of noise quarter-to-quarter and some -- there are things that are different quarter-to-quarter. When you just look at the surface on our 28% overall growth in SG&A compared to the 23%, you'd say on the surface, not that great and accounting for that deleverage of the 70 basis points. 
 But if you exclude and you look at it on a per-store basis, just the COVID cost, which we don't believe will be hopefully around next year, we had approximately a 21% per-store growth and about 19% after stripping out COVID growth. So leveraged a bit there. There was one line item that we don't think will be as -- it was more of a catch-up due to the strong sale growth over our own plans in profit, both in the first and second quarter, made us do a bit of a catch-up on a lot of line items on the incentive accruals. It's a bit just the way when things are either lower than plan or underwater and then all of a sudden the catch-up, we had a bit of that. 
 When you'd strip out the incentive accruals this quarter, we had approximately a 6% growth per store on a 10% comp growth when you look at it over 2 years. Remember, a lot of these are over a 2-year period. So I would say that we felt pretty good. And when you look to the third quarter, although not giving guidance, that incentive accruals will be -- there'll be some of it, but much, much, much less. And so the level of deleverage, if there is deleverage, will be less than what it is this quarter. 
 So when you strip out just 2 line items, which we don't think are comparable and not necessarily go-forward, we feel pretty good about that. In terms of long term going forward, a little hard to say. That will depend on the level of sales and the level of what Ernie said on the growth on the average ticket. So too early to call, but don't see anything in the SG&A that's unusual other than the same level of minimum wage growth that we would expect to see going forward. 
Michael Binetti: So if I try to orient that to the past, I think about a 3 comp was a 3% inflation on SG&A was about normal, maybe a little higher per store per foot, however you want to measure it. And then -- but in the past, more of the comp was driven by unit volume that came with a lot of AUC costs. I think the AURs and the surgical flow through at a much higher rate. So it's more of the growth coming out in the fees... 
Scott Goldenberg: That would be the -- yes. Exactly. And that -- we'll have to see what that level of growth is on the AUR, exactly. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Kimberly Greenberger. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. So nice to see the momentum here in the business. I wanted to sort of tackle the unpacking the operating margin in a slightly different way. But if we could just start with the 150 basis points that you called out in incremental freight expense as well as supply chain and wage costs. Scott, is -- could you break down the 150? And is the incentive comp in that 150 as well? 
Scott Goldenberg: No. So yes, I already noticed that a few people, I thought -- obviously, we weren't as clear as we thought we were. The 150 is just freight. So we had other delevers in terms of supply chain and wage as well. And then obviously, we called out the impact from the store closures. So the 150 was just freight. And that's a combination of both freight, which is inbound and outbound, but also our ocean freight. 
 Ocean freight is probably the bigger sticky one for at least the near term. The rates increases have, as you know, have been up on both intermodal and on trucking and the ocean freight, and that's why we talked and put in, we believe, the costs are still going up higher in the back half as ocean freight rates have, in some cases, gone up 200%, which we would expect in the third and fourth quarter. We don't think this level of freight deleverage, which will be more than that 150, at least what we're seeing now, will be at the sustained levels. If they are, that means the sales levels are going to continue because that means there's a tremendous demand. 
 So we would expect those to moderate to some degree and hopefully a lot as we move through next year. So on top of the 150, we had deleverage from wage. We also had the bonus accruals, which was a substantial amount and some supply chain. Again, the strong leverage on the 20 comp and the strong merchandise margin more than offset all that. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Got it. So as I think about just sort of your -- drawing the bridge from your operating margin in the quarter, 8.7%, add back the 2 points for debt extinguishment, 50 basis points for closures, 30 basis points for COVID, then we get to like 11.6%. If you were to get all the freight back next year, that would suggest like a 13% or so margin. And obviously, you're probably not going to get all of that back next year. But it sounds like that 13% sort of adjusted result this year, you think there were still some higher costs in there with supply chain, wages and incentive compensation, and those will be leverageable in future years. Am I hearing you correctly? 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, to the extent it's not just that linear like that. Overall, correct, we also -- the merchandise margin was extremely -- you get a lot of benefit from down the markdown line that might not be at the same level because of the 20 comp. But overall, we see more positives than negatives, but I just can't add up all the positives and take out all the negatives to your point because it may -- we still may have some incremental increases off of this year just at a moderating rate. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Got it. Okay. Great. 
Scott Goldenberg: So that's the higher -- it's a question of how high. You just can't add it all back and then add it... 
Ernie Herrman: And we don't know that, Kimberly, if it's a good discussion, but we don't know if the freight necessarily goes significantly down as a rate next year, which you were saying -- I mean, that would be great. And certainly add to our bullishness on those double-digit margins. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Another way to look at it, though, would be we'd like to think you can run double-digit comps forever, but you might not be able to. So you have to also back down what happens if you go to a more normalized comp, you'll have less leverage, but then you'll have also less expense. So I think there's a lot of moving factors. I think what Ernie said is as you approach and be double digits when you get to a lower comp, that we think is about being not deleveraging and over time, leveraging on that lower comp. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Yes, in order to deliver those higher margins over time. That's fantastic. 
Scott Goldenberg: That's right. Exactly. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Lejuez. 
Paul Lejuez: Scott, sorry if I missed it, but did you say what merch margin was up this quarter? And if you could provide any color by segment? And then just a longer-term question for Ernie. Just you talked about that $60 billion opportunity. I'm curious if you could talk about international growth and the role that plays in getting to that level. Maybe talk about the store opportunity in each of the markets that you operate in today versus new markets? Just how you're thinking about that long term? 
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely. So I think I'll go first, and then Scott will come back to you on the merchandise margin. So longer term, also a great question, Paul, because we're looking at this all the time in terms of the growth because, obviously, we have a higher growth opportunity, international as a growth rate, not necessarily in dollars. But we are -- as you could see from the results, very pleased with our open-only results in Canada. Europe, Australia has been absolutely terrific. 
 So we are also looking -- we didn't get into it on that question a couple of minutes ago, but we are looking at making some positive margin improvements in those divisions also over the next 18 months. We feel there's opportunity there. Regardless of what happens with exchange rates, we would love to see the exchange rate obviously going in the right direction since we buy so much in U.S. dollars, specifically for Canada and Europe. But regardless of that, we're feeling very bullish on the market share opportunities. 
 Many store closures, Paul, in the U.K. and in Canada continue -- and Canada is one of our most dominant market shares that we're already in. We have a higher market share there than we even do in the States. So very bullish. I think more opportunity in terms of pure growth rate in Europe in terms of new stores, I think you mentioned new store opportunity. So what we did there, and you've seen the cycle, as when things got more challenging there in terms of Brexit, margin, exchange rate and then what was going on obviously with COVID, we pulled back on store openings there, but now we are relooking at that and ramping it up to a more of a selectively, obviously, because we have to look at the right sites that make sense for us in the different countries, such as in Germany, where we've still had a tremendous amount of new store opportunities and still do. 
 So we're pretty bullish on that. And obviously, Poland and Austria and Netherlands all have performed well. So pretty bullish on margins and sales overseas improving. One thing I would like to mention, it ties in with the new stores there as well as here, is overall we are pretty -- we have a remodel program, which we moderated recently during COVID, but now that as we can see how strong we're coming out of this and how well we're starting to -- so good about leveraging going forward. Scott and I have been looking at really ramping up our remodel program and all the divisions to continue with this market share. 
 That would apply to Europe in Canada. And not as much Australia because those are all relatively new. HomeGoods and Marmaxx specifically because we're capturing all these new customers along with existing customers and one of the best ways to invest cash and the use of our cash is to invest in the business, and we feel remodels, given what's going on for us right now, are a great return on investment in terms of maintaining our new customer shopper. 
 So I know you didn't kind of ask about that, but it does relate to, I think, our international opportunities as well. And I'll turn it back to Scott as far as the merchandise margin. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, Paul. So probably what you would expect, given that I said that we had freight pressures of all in approximately 150 basis points, which included both our ocean freight and our -- all of our other domestic and inbound freight. We are up over -- we are up 70 basis points after including that freight. So approximately 220 basis points up prior to freight. Could be really broken down half between markdowns and mark-on. Again, the markdowns was a function -- some of it was -- we had a little over accrual in some of our European business on -- when we were closed, but just strong markdown performance across the board. 
 And then mark-on, again, was very strong as well. So again, that's very pleased with that similar type of performance we had in the first quarter on that as well. The one thing we would say is that freight line feels to be pressured as we -- at least move through the third and fourth quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: So any breakdown by segment on merch margin? 
Scott Goldenberg: No. No breakdown at this point. We're going to... 
Operator: Our next question will come from Omar Saad. 
Omar Saad: Great job this quarter. You guys mentioned homegoods.com, which is going to be launching in the third quarter. I'd love to get a little bit more of an update and some color around that. Is it going to be a similar strategy to what you've used in the Marmaxx division in terms of separate customers, separate inventory, kind of a separate differentiated experience versus what's going on in the stores? 
 And then I also -- and is there any opportunity to kind of create a more integrated experience in the home category versus some of your traditional categories where you could have connected inventory between stores and online? And also, Scott, if you don't mind, could you clarify the comment? I think you said you've seen some Delta impact from the Delta variant since late July. I'm assuming you mean Europe and Australia, but if you could just clarify that. 
Ernie Herrman: All right, Omar. I'll go first. First of all, very excited about homegoods.com. As you know, our -- boy, some of our most passionate customers. I think you and I have talked about this in the past, right, our HomeGoods customers are so passionate. So with that, there is a little tweak in the strategy. And I think we've talked about this briefly, but you're asking for a little bit more color, which I'm happy to provide here. 
 It is a little different in the approach than Marmaxx is for a couple of reasons. And I think I'm going to answer both of your questions at the same time because your second part of the question was, is there any opportunity to have it be a little more connected. And so we would say, yes. And so as opposed to having a different buying organization completely, which is we have at Maxx and Marshalls, HomeGoods, as you know, is our fastest turning, most eclectic business that we have out there. So by a natural nature of the beast, even our HomeGoods stores tend to vary more from store to store, they turn so fast and there are so many SKUs. 
 So we've approached the HomeGoods online business to try to get the best of both worlds. So we have -- we're really leveraging actually our merchant organization in HomeGoods, and we are really peeling off goods from our HomeGoods inventories and using that to create the site and the eventual shipping, but really using our merchants and our planning organizations are more joined together in HomeGoods than they are in Marmaxx. And the way we're buying, we have more point people at HomeGoods, but we're really buying the similar mix, which is I think what you were asking about. 
 So the other benefit is when you want to get multiple purchases as you know, we tend to ship some things not in complete sets. We ship a set. But when they're in the store, the customer could buy 2 of something and leave 2 chairs, et cetera. This is where our homegoods.com business should be extremely complementary because it allows a customer to be more connected like you were asking. So if somebody sees something in the store and online, they can almost execute a buy complementary where it all kind of goes together. So you could really outfit a room or a whole look a little easier by kind of supplementing your in-store purchases with your online purchases with HomeGoods. 
 And that's why it's been a bit of a different strategy on the way we're buying it, which, by the way, should leverage profit for us faster. We don't have as much overhead as we do in the T.J. Maxx and Marshalls online as we do there. This is much leaner setup. And we are currently playing with a shipping strategy on how we're going to ask the customer to pay for shipping. That might be a little different, but I won't get into that here. 
 It's just what you need to know is it -- we believe it's really set up to supplement in a very conducive way where we should get multiple purchases and it shouldn't actually help our store and online at the same time. So a great question, the way you asked it because it is going to be executed differently. Now I will have Scott. 
Scott Goldenberg: The question I think was about the COVID in the -- as we move -- started the second -- third quarter. First, it was a -- it wasn't necessarily due -- you're right. We do have stores closed in Australia. It wasn't -- that really wasn't the -- really what our comment was about that we put in the release in the script. It was more that we pretty much in the U.S. and in Canada, we had seen a slowdown. I used the word because the sales are still very strong and they're strong both in apparel and in-home versus -- as we moved into the last week of July and the first 2 weeks of August. The basket has remained strong. Our traffic is still up. 
 But the other thing I also would say is that as a reminder, the Q3 of FY '20 that we're reporting and going against also had a higher comp, both in the overall third quarter than the second quarter and also was higher in the beginning of the third quarter as well. So that's probably a piece of it when you look at it on a 2-year stack. 
Operator: The final question of the day comes from Adrienne Yih. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Ernie, I agree with your comment towards the end of your prepared remarks about being set up extraordinarily well for '22. One of my questions for you is the inventory is always a topic. And I know you guys talked about the availability of it. But if we straight look at the balance sheet inventory $5.1 billion now to $5.1 billion 2 years ago, on the $2 billion in extra sales, how are you doing that? What is the efficiency that's gained there? And can you sustain that because you're comfortable with that position? And then my second question for -- my one question for Scott. When are we going to get back to that 4% non-comp or new store growth? Is that going to be next year? I'm sure you're working on your plans now. And great, great quarter. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Let me... 
Ernie Herrman: You want to go first, Scott? 
Scott Goldenberg: You're... 
Ernie Herrman: You're throwing them for a loop, Adrienne. Usually, I go first and he -- but go ahead, Scott. 
Scott Goldenberg: I'm going to pay for this later. But just to be clear on the inventory at the end of the second quarter was in the similar position on an average per store compared to '20, both quarters, both in the stores and overall on the DC. We had a lot of in-transit inventory at the end of the first quarter, a lot of in-transit inventory at the end of the second quarter. Obviously, we didn't specifically say, but we certainly have a lot on order and talk about our ability to -- availability has been great. 
 The inventory position, like we said, compared to 2 years ago, we have less store inventory. Structurally, the way the stores from a shopability and all that, we have less fixtures and all that, so approximately 10% is just due at the store level due to that. So we have -- we're turning faster, almost 1 turn faster both in the first and second quarter due to having the lower inventory, and it's paid dividends in terms of the markdown. So we feel good about that. 
 And the other thing is part of it, which is hard to -- we have less packaway inventory. So that's a bit of the piece of it in our DCs. And the last thing is, particularly in the first quarter and in the second quarter, the trends, we were buying to better trends. Clearly, we saw the home trends were up, but the apparel trends have gone also up. And so we're chasing more than we typically would have been compared to 2 years ago. 
Ernie Herrman: So Adrienne, let me give you a little more color also on how it's -- well, the first thing I'd like to do is give credit to our teams because they have really -- all the teams. And when I say that, the buyers, our logistics teams, our distribution services teams, the stores getting the goods out. So what we've done here is every functional areas had to really execute a little differently and it varies by category, but I'm very proud of all of them because they've been as you alluded to, it's been -- it's a strange market out there, and the inventories at points in times have been up and down. 
 But a couple of things that have been happening. The buyers when -- if they're in a category when things were a little light, they've been pulling the trigger a little sooner in buying with longer lead times than we typically would. Versus as there are out there, there are many categories that are extremely loaded, and they'll buy it even closer hand to mouth. So I really give them a lot of credit. 
 The logistics teams have been securing the freight capacity, we need to get the goods to our DCs and stores to meet our strong demand, and we're paying more when we need to. So as always, and I know we've talked to you and others about this, we do that because we think we will figure out -- as witnessed by what we're talking about today, we'll figure out later how to offset the cost, but we want to continue to gain the market share and gain customers for the future. Again, the best thing for our business for the next couple of years is to continue to grab this outpaced market share -- paced market share opportunity that we're on right now. 
 Here's the ironic thing. I believe the disruption in the supply chain is going to create a future buying opportunity for us. So when you look out at the end of this year, here's what I think. So we've talked about these margin opportunities for next year, but what we haven't factored in because those are really more based on retail adjustments, average ticket going up. What we're not factoring in is if the supply chain continues to be choppy, which it has been. 
 We will be -- this is going to be classic off-price textbook execution where there will be more uneasiness out there, which in my eyes, typically creates even more opportunity, buying opportunities. So in that case, we probably get the buy goods a little bit better. So then you're getting it out of the cost and helping your merchandise margin on the other side. So I'm just kind of pretty excited about what's going on right now, but I'm glad you asked that because it really is -- there's a lot going on, on that front right now in terms of inventory and supply chain, et cetera. 
 Okay. That was our last call. We really appreciate and thank you all for joining us today. We'll be updating you again on our third quarter earnings call in November. And I really can't say enough from the team here at TJX. We hope you all stay well and wish you good health. Thank you, everybody. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-05-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, as of today, May 19, 2021. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Ivy. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2021. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear on that transcript. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. As weve done throughout the pandemic, Id like to start our call today by saying how truly grateful I am for the hard work and dedication of our global associates and their continued commitment to our health and safety protocols. I want to give special recognition to our store, distribution center and fulfillment center associates who continue to physically come into work. In recognition of their continued efforts, we awarded a vast majority of them an appreciation bonus, which was the fourth appreciation bonus that we have paid during the pandemic. While the health crisis is beginning to improve in some parts of the world, there are many areas that are still facing challenges or have become worse. Our hearts go out to everyone whose lives have been impacted by this virus. We are hopeful that more people around the world will have access to the vaccine in the coming months and that we can move past this health crisis soon. Moving to our business operations, during the first quarter, we were very pleased that our U.S. stores were able to stay open. However, we continue to have a significant number of our stores in Europe and Canada that were temporarily closed at certain times throughout the quarter due to government mandates. Currently, approximately 300 stores remain temporarily closed, all of which are in either Canada or Europe. Around the world, we continue to prioritize the health and well being of our associates and customers and our stores, our distribution centers and our offices. Now, I will recap our first quarter results. First, I am extremely pleased that our overall open only comp store sales when compared to fiscal 2020 increased 16%, which well exceeded our plans. We believe we saw a benefit from consumers feeling more comfortable leaving their homes, visiting our stores and being happy with the brands and values they found. Our home businesses across all of our divisions continued their phenomenal sales trends. Further, we saw strong open only comp increases in many other categories and positive open only comp store sales in overall apparel. Open only comp sales were also outstanding across each of our divisions, which indicates to us that our value proposition continues to resonate in all of our geographies. Ill talk more about our divisional performance in a moment. Next, overall sales of $10.1 billion were a first quarter sales record, despite the temporary closing of our stores for approximately 14% of the quarter. We are extremely pleased that we are seeing our most loyal customers return to our stores in the U.S. and that new shoppers are discovering our great values and exciting treasure hunt shopping experience. All of this gives us great confidence that we are set up extremely well to continue driving sales and gain additional market share over the medium- to long-term. Third, merchandise margin remains healthy. The buying environment is excellent with the marketplace loaded with a great selection of merchandise across good, better and best brands and trending categories. Our buyers are doing a tremendous job sourcing quality branded merchandise to keep up with the strong consumer demand that we have been seeing. Lastly, first quarter earnings per share of $0.44 were also well above our plans, despite a larger than expected sales loss, as our non-U.S. stores were temporarily closed more than we had anticipated. Now to our divisional performance, which is again compared to fiscal 2020, beginning with Marmaxx. Marmaxxs open only comp store sales increased an outstanding 12% and overall sales increased 14% versus the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Marmaxxs home business continued its excellent performance with a comp increased some of the HomeGoods as shoppers continue to spend on their homes. We were also very pleased to see a comp sales increase in our overall apparel business, which is driven by strong demand in select categories. We believe our apparel sales benefited from wardrobe refreshing as more consumers began resuming more normal activities. We feel very good about Marmaxxs sales momentum and our ability to flex the merchandise mix to the category shoppers want. At HomeGoods, open only comp store sales increased phenomenal 40%. During the quarter HomeGoods and Homesense sales were remarkable across all major categories and geographic regions, as their eclectic mix of home fashions from around the world continue to resonate with consumers. Similar to Homesense sales at Marmaxx, we believe HomeGoods sales continue to benefit from consumers spending more time in their homes during the health crisis. We have been aggressively investing in the growth of our home division for many years and are convinced we are set up very well to build upon our market leadership position in the United States. While Canada continues to face challenges with store closures, we are very encouraged with the sales trends we have seen when our stores are open. TJX Canadas open only comp store sales increased 9%. Open only comp sales at our Homesense banner and home sales at Winners and Marshalls were also in line with the increase we saw with our HomeGoods division. Shoppers love our great values in Canada and we are very confident that this division is well-positioned to return to and exceed their pre-pandemic sales levels once we are beyond this health crisis. Now, The TJX International, like Canada, Europe faced continued store closures and we expect them to continue into the second quarter as well. However, during the limited time our stores were permitted to be open. Customer excitement was very high and response for our values was fantastic. We were very pleased with TJX Internationals 11% open only comp store sales increase. Given the length of time our stores were closed in Europe, we saw significant pent-up demand when we reopen later in the quarter. As the only major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of significant size in Europe, we see an opportunity to scale our business and capture a bigger piece of the European retail market over the long-term. In Australia, where our stores were generally open for the entire quarter, comp store sales were extremely strong for both our apparel and home categories. As to e-commerce overall, we saw terrific growth over first quarter fiscal 2020 sales levels in both the U.S. and U.K. We are still on track to launch homegoods.com later this year and are looking forward to offering consumers even more exciting home fashion items at great value online. Moving on, while the health crisis persists, we are confident that the core strengths of our off-price business model will continue to help us navigate through the current environment, while setting us up very well to succeed in a more normalized environment. Let me take a moment to highlight these strengths. First, is our relentless focus on value, we believe our value proposition, which is a combination of brand, fashion, price and quality, is as important as ever to consumers. Second, is our world-class global buying organization of more than 1,100 buyers. These buyers are located in 12 countries across four continents and sourced from a vast network of approximately 21,000 vendors. We see our global buying offices and reach as a tremendous advantage, particularly in an environment where travel remains limited. Consumer demand across our home businesses has been especially strong. So, our ability to successfully leverage our global buying has been a great benefit. We believe our 500 plus homebuyers around the world allow us to offer consumers a truly global differentiated merchandise mix versus other large retailers. We strengthened our relationships with many of our vendors and have added thousands of new vendors for apparel and home product over the past year. All of this allows us to offer a fresh and exciting mix of quality-branded merchandise to our shoppers every time they visit. Next, the flexibility of our buying, store format and distribution network allows us to take advantage of consumer trends and hot categories as consumer demand changes. We also reach a very wide customer demographic in urban, ex-urban, suburban and rural markets. With our fast growing inventories, our customers can discover something new in-store and online every time they visit. Lastly, is our global presence, with nearly 45 years of operating expertise in the U.S., 30-plus years in Canada and more than 25 years in Europe, we are an off-price leader in every country we operate in. Even in Australia, a country we have entered more recently, we are an off-price leader. We have spent decades establishing relationships with vendors and landlords, and building out our global buying offices, distribution networks, systems and infrastructure. Further, we have expansive country-specific knowledge of consumer shopping habits and have earned customer loyalty. We believe our well-established global off-price retail model and level of international expertise is a tremendous advantage, and our size and scale would be very difficult to replicate. Now, Id like to walk through the reasons why we are confident, that we can drive sales and traffic growth in a normalized environment and why we continue to see a significant opportunity to increase our market share across each of our divisions. First, we believe the appeal of our entertaining treasure hunt shopping experience, gives consumers a compelling reason to shop us. Based on what weve seen for decades, including the past year, in-store shopping is not going away. We see our stores as a desirable destination for consumers seeking some stress relief or, quote, me time, unquote and also a great place to shop when they are seeking inspiration and looking to discover new things, which is difficult to replicate online. Second, we see a significant opportunity to grow our global store base at each of our divisions. In total, we believe, we can open more than 1,600 additional stores to grow to about 6,275 stores in the long-term, just with our and our current countries. Availability of real estate is terrific and we see plenty of opportunities to open new stores or relocate existing stores. Further, we believe our strategy of locating stores in convenient, highly accessible locations, makes it very easy for shoppers to find and visit us. We are anticipating incremental traffic once consumers return to their workplaces and go out more, as they will be passing by our stores much more frequently. Next is our focus on marketing to attract new shoppers, while staying top of mind with our existing customers. This year, we have already launched new campaigns across television, digital and social media platforms for a number of our banners. These campaigns continue to reinforce our value leadership, while also highlighting discovery, fashion and quality. I hope, you have seen them, the creative is excellent. Let me take a moment to highlight a couple of them. First, we took a unique approach for Mothers Day and created a multi-brand music video in the U.S. that was highly successful and was viewed by more than 17 million times on YouTube over a two-week period. We also did, an integration with the NBC prime show, The Voice, where each of the top 20 contestants were styled head-to-toe with products from Marshalls and performed a powerful segment lasting over two minutes. This work continues to reflect our leadership in fashion and value and helps us show that our stores can be for everyone. Further, we continue to see strong overall customer satisfaction scores where we are open including on our ongoing health and safety protocol measurements. Lastly, our research tells us that, overall, we continue to attract new shoppers of all ages into our stores, including a significant amount of Gen Z and millennial shoppers, which we believe bodes well for today and in the future. Fourth, we see a great opportunity to capture a bigger share of the consumers wallet due to other retailers closing stores. We also believe that these store closures may lead to even better product and real estate availability and more favorable lease terms. Lastly, we are investing in new stores and remodels, and our distribution network and systems to ensure we have the infrastructure in place to support our global growth plans. In closing, I want to again recognize the exceptional talent that we have across this entire company. With outsized open only comps in the first quarter, our organization really stepped up from buyers who successfully chased the goods in the marketplace, to our associates in planning and allocation, distribution centers, logistics and store operations. Each of these groups has a vital role to play to ensure our merchandise flow and keep up with the consumer demand we have been seeing. Its the collective efforts of all of our associates and their dedication to TJX that brings our business to life for our customers every day in all kinds of retail environments. Our outstanding first quarter results tell us that consumers are seeking out our branded quality merchandise and great values. Clearly, they are enjoying our entertaining treasure hunt shopping experience. Overall, open only comp store sales trends for the start of the second quarter remained similar to the first quarter. Looking ahead, I am convinced that TJX is very well-positioned to emerge from this health crisis in a position of great strength. We see numerous opportunities to continue our global growth and are excited about the runway for growth that we see ahead for TJX. Now, Ill turn the call over to Scott for a financial update and then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Id like to first echo Ernies comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and continued commitment to our business. Ill start today with some additional details on our first quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, overall open only comp stores increased an outstanding 16%. As you described in the press release, our first quarter open only comp store sales compare fiscal 2022 sales to fiscal 2020 sales. In the first quarter, we continued to see a very strong increase in our average basket as consumers put more items into their carts. In the U.S., where we open -- where we were opened the entire quarter, customer traffic compared to fiscal 2020 increased for the first time since the start of the pandemic. At Marmaxx, we saw a significant improvement in customer traffic the fourth quarter and at HomeGoods customer traffic remained outstanding. Overall sales for the first quarter increased 129% over fiscal 2021, as stores were closed for approximately 50% of the first quarter last year. More importantly, when comparing to fiscal 2020, first quarter sales increased a very strong 9%, despite the negative impact of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of lost sales due to the temporary closings of our stores across TJX for about 14% of the quarter. These closures were primarily in Europe, which was closed for about 76% of the quarter, including essentially all of February and March, and in Canada, which was closed for approximately 25% of the quarter. Pre-tax margin for the first quarter was 7.2% and merchandise margin was up slightly compared to fiscal 2020. During the quarter, we were very pleased with our strong mark-on and lower markdowns. However, these were mostly offset by significantly higher freight costs, which we expect to persist for the remainder of the year. Moving to the bottomline. First quarter earnings per share were $0.44. As detailed in our press release this morning, we believe the temporary store closures in Europe and Canada during the first quarter resulted in a significant loss of profit dollars, with an estimated negative impact to earnings per share of approximately $0.21 to $0.24. Additionally, I want to remind you that our first quarter pre-tax margin and earnings per share reflect some significant expense headwinds compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2020. These include approximately $200 million of net costs related to COVID, approximately 40 basis points of additional interest expense and incremental costs from freight, supply chain and wage pressures. As for inventory, it was up 3% last year and store levels are where we want them to be. Our buyers are doing a great job sourcing merchandise and have been able to chase the goods we need to satisfy consumer demand. To reiterate, availability of merchandise is excellent. Moving on to our cash flow and liquidity, we ended the quarter in a very strong liquidity position with $8.8 billion in cash. With our strong liquidity, we took several proactive actions to deleverage our balance sheet and reduce our annual interest expense. First in April, we paid down the $750 million note that was due to mature this coming June at par. Secondly, this morning, we announced make-whole calls for our $1.25 billion principal outstanding 3.5% notes maturing in 2025 and our $750 million outstanding 3.75% notes maturing in 2027, both of which were issued last April. As a result of this action, we are expecting a pre-tax debt extinguishment charge of approximately $250 million in the second quarter. We expect the net results of both of these actions to be a $2.7 billion reduction in our outstanding debt and over 900 -- and over $90 million of annualized interest expense savings. Further, after these actions and including the tender refinancing this past November, we expect the average interest rate on our outstanding debt will be about 2.5%, which is in line with our pre-COVID level. Lastly, we declared a dividend of $0.26 per share in the first quarter. In the second quarter of fiscal 2022, were planning to declare a dividend at the same rate, subject to Board approval. Now to the second quarter, as a point of reference for the start of the second quarter, overall open only comp store sales trends remain similar to the first quarter. For overall sales we are current -- we currently have approximately 300 stores that are temporarily closed. Based on what we know today, overall, we expect stores to be closed for approximately 3% of the second quarter, which includes Canada being closed for an estimated 17% of the quarter and Europe being closed for about 7% of the quarter. We are planning a $275 million to $325 million negative impact to our overall second quarter sales due to the store closures. These expectations could be negatively impacted further, if current mandates are extended or new ones are put in place as they were last quarter. At this time, we are not planning any significant store closures in the back half of the year. In closing, we feel great about our first quarter results and the momentum of our business. We believe that a growing topline and a strong merchandise margin are excellent indicators of a healthy retailer. Additionally, we have a very strong balance sheet and are in excellent financial position to invest in our business to support our growth plans. Now were happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, were going to ask you that you please limit your questions to one per person and one part to each question. We respectfully ask that everyone stick with this request to both keep the call on schedule and so that we can answer questions from as many analysts as we can. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Really great quarter. I would love to actually hear more on the traffic side of the equation. We know you guys do a great job once you get people in stores. Can you talk a little bit about the consumers willingness to come back to the stores? How thats been building? Is it vaccine-related? Are you seeing that older customer come in as they get vaccinated and start to return to in-person shopping again? Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Great question, Omar. Traffic has been very healthy. Scott will give you a little bit of a trend line discussion there, but nothing in terms of -- nothing standing out in terms of a difference in age demographics by the way. But we have such a broad-based age demographics across the business, so probably less likely for us there. But, Scott, on the traffic trend.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Its hard to get real reason on the age. What weve been seeing at least over the last couple of quarters is a significant number of the new customers that were getting back are
Omar Saad: Yeah. I know
Scott Goldenberg:  skewing even younger
Omar Saad: Yeah. Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg:  remarkably at HomeGoods thats even continuing. So, overall, the average age of the customers in both boxes is likely, when we finish up and get current results, probably, younger than it has been. So thats really good. The traffic patterns, once we got past some of the weather issues that we called out on our last call have been consistently strong through. Well call it the Maple, the Fred [ph], that February, March and continuing right up to, as Ernie talked about, similar sales today. And thats at both more -- speaking really more Marmaxx and HomeGoods because of all of the closures that weve had. So the basket has been remarkably strong
Omar Saad: Okay.
Ernie Herrman: Strong average basket, Omar.
Scott Goldenberg: And has not really decreased at all, so customers continue to put more units and the traffic continues to be strong and consistently staying that way.
Omar Saad: Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Boss. Your line is open.
Matt Boss: Great and congrats on the improvement as well.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Matt Boss: So, its kind of a two-part question, probably, more for Scott. I guess, first on merchandise margin. So the improvement this quarter relative to pre-pandemic despite the freight, I thought, was really impressive. I guess, so first, just sustainability or your ability to continue that trend in your opinion? But then second, at the EBIT margin level. So I think three months ago, Scott, you laid it out well, theres a lot of moving parts. But I think you basically said at a three comp, you see 30 basis points to 40 basis points of underlying margin pressure, but then we needed to consider freight, supply chain and COVID costs this year. So am I thinking about these pieces right and any factors or changes to these factors to think about now that were three months later?
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Matt, I think youre right, a lot of that is for Scott. I will just jump in on the merchandise margin, the healthy merchandise margin. Certainly, what were seeing and it -- fortunately, it lines up with our model, and again, I give the teams a lot of credit. We went in with the right amount of liquidity and so the teams did not -- I would say, they were right in the sweet spot of how much and this applies to all the divisions, most especially, obviously, right now, Marmaxx and HomeGoods buying to about the right level of trend. And then when youre staying on trend like that with whats going on the buyers have done a great job of being able to buy so opportunistically in the market. So that helped. The sales being so strong has been a big benefit on our markdown rate, also helping our merchandise margin. As I said in my script, its coming across, were making very advantageous buys across whether its the level of good vendors, moderate or best vendors, its been everywhere, but in trending categories, which has been key. So weve had certain categories that are outpacing the store and the merchants have done a great job of buying into those at the right cost and at the right retail, because, as you know, were ultra-sensitive about where we retail are good at, and so, again, I give them a lot of credit. I will tell you, we have a challenge down the road here as we look into probably more like the third quarter, where last year we were up against almost an artificial margin bump up based on what had happened in the country during the COVID shutdown. And so there might be a little bit of a mark-on or markdown jeopardy in a window there of a few months where its going to be a little more challenging and I think to show the merchandise margin at these rates. And by the way, Im talking aside from freight, which has obviously gone up everywhere. Im talking kind of take that out of the equation. But we might have a little challenge there. However, were so opportunistic, I have faith that we can do better than what were probably thinking our challenges there. I will now let Scott talk to the margins.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I think just to reiterate a little what Ernie said on the merchandise margin in the back half. I mean, I think, if we compare it to -- again as we move, I think, the second quarter trying to make comparisons and we feel good about as Ernie, the overall merchandise margin, especially if you take freight out of the equation compared to two years ago. This third quarter last year where Ernie was comparing to 2021 is really on the mark-on and the markdowns. We also had some technical issues where we had some accruals in which -- and both on markdowns and shrink, which we reversed in the back half of the year, which are not a fiscal 2020 issue, but when comparing to last year or benefits that we saw last year in the back half that we wont repeat.
Ernie Herrman: Thats a good point, Scott. So just to clarify, Matt, what I was talking about on the challenge will be against in FY 2021, not against 2020 as much.
Scott Goldenberg: So -- yeah. So the other aspect is in terms of some of the two-year flow-through, its hard to isolate, especially when you look at the quarter weve just had, when you have -- we have COVID costs, which were still roughly in full force and we can talk about that more. But I would expect those to moderate and Ernie can talk about them more as we move through the second quarter and back half of the year. I think what -- at least at the moment is stubborn and were still in the middle of assessing like everyone else are freight costs. But probably compared to both last -- what we -- when we talked three months ago and earlier in that, the freight costs are probably going to be stubbornly high at least for the rest of this year. As were dealing with the same issues of driver shortages and rate increases likely to be higher than what we had originally thought. So I think that piece of it is still -- is going to be persisting. Having said that, we have been, I think, as Ernie mentioned, were doing a great job of getting the goods. Paying more for it, but were getting goods. Our inventories are in good shape and the buyer -- and our planning and allocation teams have been allocating those goods and doing a great job as you can see by our sales. On the other hand, the wage costs have been -- theres been pressure more. Its still stubborn in the DCs as weve had a number of our DCs where weve had wage -- increase our wage rates. But on the positive side, both in the stores and the DCs, although, we have pockets of challenges, weve been able to hire back to our staffing -- close to our staffing levels we need to staff the store albeit at a deleverage compared to prior year. So, again, the positive is, we adjust as necessary, but weve been able to staff the stores and the distribution centers to meet the demand. So its hard to compare with the lost sales in Europe and with the COVID costs exactly what those breakpoints would be on sales at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question call comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. I want to talk about Marmaxx, specifically. Sales were up about $800 million or like 14.5% versus the first quarter of 2019 or you call it 2020, but margins are down 130 basis points. So Im just curious, if you can talk specifically within that business, how the deleverage, where thats coming from and what sort of increases you might need to see versus 2019 for margins to stabilize or is there some point in the year where you see the pressure points abating on that margin? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Again, I can certainly answer to the first quarter. Well, the second quarter goes back to what -- how COVID costs, how we drop, how those decrease, what costs -- we have to see what costs, and Ernie can talk a little about this in terms of how much apparel sales and how that relates to expenses in average retail. So to...
Ernie Herrman: But COVID cost is a big reason for the deleverage, as well as others, but
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. The COVID costs alone to Ernies point
Ernie Herrman: Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg:  in and of itself was more than the delta of the 130
Ernie Herrman: Right.
Scott Goldenberg:  basis points.
Ernie Herrman: Thats what I would say.
Scott Goldenberg: But I dont want to be straightforward on that. We obviously would have leveraged and did leverage on those sales. But net-net, those two kind of wash each other and then the rest has to do -- which could get better again in the back half of the year having to do. We -- our average retailers were down, but they did get better as we move through the quarter as our apparel sales started to improve. And also our -- and the rest of the deleverage was just due to our distribution center and wage costs. So the primary difference, I would say, they more or less offset each other was the COVID costs and the leverage, and then we still had the deleverage of wage in the DC expenses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. Scott, I wanted to just talk a little bit about whats going on at international. When I look at the profit swing here in the first quarter compared to two years ago, its about a $250 million negative profit swing from that $28 million operating income two years ago to the $222 million loss here this quarter. And if I -- if theres a reason to believe that international, once it reopens and sort of gets back to normal in the future, if it goes back to 2000 -- calendar year 2019 profitability. It would suggest that actually operating income in aggregate here in the first quarter would have been up about 10% from two years ago and thats even with all the COVID cost in there and all the freight inflation and the wages and everything else? So Im just -- it looks like the weight in the P&L here in Q1, if I look at it from a different angle is really coming from that international piece and sort of everything else kind of came out in the wash and delivered pretty nice profit growth, if we sort of take that out? So to me it looks like youre probably offsetting a lot of that -- a lot of those cost pressures. Am I correct in that assumption? And as we move through the year and those COVID costs start to come off, does that mean that actually margins could get back to and maybe above where you were sitting in calendar year 2019? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. A lot of hypotheticals there. I think, you were looking at the first quarter, right? Where there was significant -- the two major delevers were the COVID costs and the loss on sales on Europe.
Ernie Herrman: Europe and Canada.
Scott Goldenberg: Europe and Canada. Yeah. With Europe being the bigger piece of that. So that is correct. As you would expect, you would offset a good chunk of that on the high average comps that we did get. And then, again, but the reason why we still would go down is, you still have higher than normal cost increases both in the wage and
Ernie Herrman: The freight.
Scott Goldenberg: And the freight in DC, so...
Ernie Herrman: Freight. Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg: Not all of that will go away in the back half. So were not giving guidance, but I do -- I think as weve said before, obviously, we dont know what the sales level, how high they could be. But you would expect us not, at this point, still to be reaching due to the some level of COVID costs and some of it is deleverage to be -- with the freight to be reaching the percent of 200 and fiscal 2020 or calendar 2019.
Ernie Herrman: So, Kimberly, at a high level the way you said that is the way that Im -- look, you can look at it that way this quarter, though, that if you had had. If we had had Europe and Canada on it, we would have had a lot on the wash, the differences. And Scott mentioned this, we had such an overachievement on the sales that, I mean, youd have to be counting on a 16 open only comp sales and when the rest of Europe. If we have those type of comp sales, yeah, wed have a different discussion, where maybe the margin is back to more like those levels. But that youd have to have these way outpaced comp sales like we just did. Now to your other point though, and Scott mentioned it, we are looking at the COVID cost, it is something we can take a hard look at here in the near future as we move ahead each quarter and as the environment normalizes, were going to make some improvements on those lines. So that will help. So, I hope that answered -- hope that answered. Were -- we do believe theres sales upside all along. And another plus we have on the cost line is our average retail has been moderating. And Scott, I think, started to allude to this as we go forward even into the back half, were looking like its going to moderate even more, because were seeing some more best brands goods coming in on order as we get to the third quarter, which is going to help our average ticket and that should help our expense on processing come down a little bit. So, a very good question, a lot of moving parts.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great color. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Trussell. Your line is open.
Paul Trussell: Good morning. My congrats as well on the improvement. I wanted to dig in a bit more on the topline and maybe you can discuss a bit more of what youre seeing in terms of category standouts, in particular, is there any sight of the strength in home decelerating? And I would love to hear more about your ability to really stay in stock and to what extent youre really out needing to case product in the marketplace
Ernie Herrman: Yeah.
Paul Trussell:  to keep up with this robust demand?
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. No. Great, Paul. So, standout categories, Ill start with the most obvious one, which is our home business is remarkably consistent, as I said in the script. I mean, youre looking at 40 comps kind of what we did in the first quarter, and again, that basically was where we were in every division, even in the full family stores in a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls up in Canada, Homesense, so remarkable consistency. And the neat thing there is we have a lot of broad-based consistency throughout our entire loan business. So whether its big ticket areas like whether its furnitures or rugs or decorative accessories, everything was good. There wasnt really one category. And this is where I give our teams, planning and allocation and this is not just in the home area. Our buying teams, our planning and allocation teams have been getting the goods fueling it so that the second part of your question was the deceleration in home. We have really not seen it -- I dont think were going to expect it to stay at that almost artificially high level than it did in the first quarter. But I think we have opportunity over the next quarter to stay up in the realm pretty close to that. And were not having a problem in the home area of stock -- staying at stock, which was the third part of your question and were not actually having a problem where apparel has now started to improve for us. Paul, I think youre asking what else is standing out. So we have a handful of apparel categories, which I wont give the specifics on which ones, but they are really kicking in as the quarter went on and going into the second quarter. And the nice thing that often happens is when the weather shifts and apparel kicks in, if there was a trend line prior, usually, our home business takes more of a hit where the consumer moves off of home for a little bit. And yeah, again, our homes is going to continue at 40 comps, but it did not move off hardly at all. And our apparel just kicked in and thats one reason youre seeing these outpaced comps from us really at this first quarter. Chasing product, flow of product has been a non-issue. I say, its a non-issue because the teams have really executed so well and theyre working so -- and I give logistics credit. I give really everybody involved credit to keep fuel. Its not easy to keep fueling a 16 comp and thats why I liked your question when you asked it, because it is an unusual time for us to be running an open only 16 comps. And I just, again, give credit to all The TJX associates that are involved in that. Because theyre making to happen, they have this position going into the second quarter every bit, as well as we were in the first quarter. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Paul Trussell: Yes. Well, kudos to the team. Thank you for the color and best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, everyone. My congrats. Scott, two questions for you on the cost structure and COVID costs. $200 million, I think you said this quarter, which is down from $270 million a quarter, which is what youre seeing in the back half. Whats your expectation for that over the remainder of the year, I assume that there should be less cost in the model given the reopening and vaccinations, but kind of curious your thoughts there? And then my rough math is that your SG&A per store, if I exclude the COVID cost is actually below where it was two years ago. Are you just -- are there things youre doing to run the store leaner? Are the costs youve taken out, do you think are sustainable once we kind of normalize, just kind of curious how you talk about the cost structure on a per store basis?
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Great question. In terms of the COVID costs, we would -- right now wed expect them to be coming down in the second quarter slightly. And -- but I think, as Ernie said, were going to evaluate that based on the environment and that we would be expecting them to be coming down substantially in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Ernie Herrman: In third quarter and fourth quarter, and to your point Ike, as the world more normalizes. What weve been trying to do is keep associate and customer safety still. I guess, weve looked at some of our -- and weve talked about this, we have the greeters at the front of our stores, which have -- its created a cost, but its also created a customer service improvement perception and the safety, which is why we do believe that some of those extra costs have allowed us to play offense to actually drive our sales ironically. And so we are going to ease our way off and not just do a pendulum swing quick move, because we believe its been helping our topline. However, we know we need to moderate on that, and we will do it just like Scott said and were going to take a hard look especially as you get to the third quarter and fourth quarter. So, hopefully, that -- I just want to give you some color on why we arent going to necessarily move off it as fast because its been a topline driver.
Scott Goldenberg: In terms of your question on SG&A, Id actually have to get back to you in terms of, were up about 4% on a per store basis versus 2020, but its -- this quarter, its a little difficult to have to segregate that out because you dont -- you have still have a fair number of expenses in Europe and Canada without the typical type of sales that you might expect and then we had the outside sales in Marmaxx and HomeGoods. So, overall, we were up about 4% versus fiscal 2020.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thank guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Binetti. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for all the detail and taking my question here. I guess, Scott, just a simple question to try and help me boil all this down. Can you help us think what the SG&A dollars are for the year and what you think COVID costs are for the year in the budget? And then with all the noise and you laid out the closures, I think, as we take the inputs you gave us, you probably excluding the closures would have been about $2 billion higher on sales versus first quarter fiscal 2020 and then when we add back your $0.21 to $0.24 that you pointed to, which was, I think, only for the closures, youd be at about a 9.9% to 10.4% margin in the quarter, compared to the 10.1% in first quarter two years ago? So with that as a starting point, I know youve been asked to go through margins in a bunch of different ways. But with that as a starting point from here, it sounds like the incremental puts and takes all get sequentially better going forward except for freight, which you said you now got visibility that itll be tough. But as you look at 2Q, 3Q, 4Q, you see the COVID costs coming down, international reopening, some of the AUR tailwinds, some of the mix moving back towards apparel. Am I thinking about that right, that if we kind of reorient to the first quarter last year that way that we should see sequential improvement in the underlying margin going forward through the model?
Scott Goldenberg: Again, a lot of this will depend -- I think, again, were still evaluating the COVID costs. So not -- again, not giving up the cost save other than we expect them to moderate both in dollars and as a percent sales impact. I think Ernie reiterated on, one, a lot of it is still will depend on the merchandise margin in terms of what the -- what our mark-on and markdown will be and the level of sales. So, again, if we have outsized sales and were able to buy better, the real wildcard is freight costs and how high theyre going to be in the back half of the year. But we didnt say that a lot of the other cost wins are going to be at least for now, the wage and the distribution costs were cycling, opening up of both a lot of our facilities and we did a lot -- we opened six 3PLs or just additional, what well call processing space last year that were going to go against in the back half and including Lordstown, a HomeGoods distribution center. So, I dont think our supply chain/wage are going to be levering at this point based on what we know and the wildcards really being merchandise margin and freight with COVID going down. So, I think the biggest benefit to us getting better in our overall margins will be how far does COVID get down and whats our level of sales and if those stay high then we would expect to go to a higher level of pre-tax margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Sole. Your line is open.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Ernie, I think, in one of your answers to the questions, you mentioned something about sales upside, and I think in the press release, you mentioned that youre seeing consumers begin to resume more normal activities. Can you just talk about whether the strength in the quarter that youve seen to date, how much do you think is still a tailwind from stimulus and how much is maybe just reopening consumers really just getting excited about going out and spend other things? And what the implication is for sales upside in Q2 and Q3 as you look out and the potential for sales growth rates remaining, to your point, unusually high?
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Great question. Yeah. So, obviously, when we looked at the first quarter and its tough to measure we cant get at all that data specifically, we do believe the stimulus checks, et cetera, were part of it and clearly a pent-up demand issue, right, from people not having shopped and then we have the -- something we talked about, I think, it was in last call, you do have that revenge shopping aspect that I think comes out where people are passionate and want to get out there and we are entertaining. So, pieces of that, but you have the store closure thing we talked about, which is going on all around us. So, we believe that, I would say, a chunk of our has not been just the stimulus and the -- to the best of our knowledge we wouldnt be entering the second quarter with a similar trend, which is why we specifically when we did the release, we put that last bullet point there, which is, I guess, is a little bit more specific than we normally would on how we start a quarter and why we wanted to say that we are entering it similarly. So, you understand that the overall stimulus check thing isnt the only thing playing and it has to be some of those other issues in our business model store closures. By the way, I do believe our business model now resonates more than it even did pre-COVID. I think consumers, if ever they have even more so now with all the stress of whats happened in the last year, they appreciate the treasure hunt entertainment, me time as I mentioned in the script , me time, they, I think our model and the fact that we talked about earlier on the call, weve delivered a lot of exciting merchandise, which plays right into this time period. I think thats the vast majority of why were getting the sales. And to point thats why I think theres sales upside as we look out.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Id
Ernie Herrman: You know what I mean its not just from the different stimulus government packages that have taken place, where we wouldnt be seeing what seems to be a pretty consistent trend.
Scott Goldenberg: But I think it goes back to what Ernie said, just a couple questions ago where, for the third quarter, fourth quarter and first quarter our home sales were disproportionately benefiting us or the biggest piece of helping us out. But the home sales now have continued to be strong and whats driving it as the apparel sales have gone up from the fourth quarter and as weve moved and continued to be strong -- to be a big benefit, as weve moved through up until as we speak today. So the stimulus, as Ernie said was, is best we can term was more of a March, April factor, it probably waning as best we can determine. But now it has to do with the wardrobe people -- they didnt buy a lot of apparel last year in the first and second quarter and thats I think contributing to our strength right now.
Ernie Herrman: So Jay to add one other thing in terms of market share gain as I look out here. Really through the balance of the year, is one of the advantages we continue to have in this home business. We learned to even improve on it is the way we learn to some of the merchants, a lot of merchants lunch or work virtually in a very effective manner. And our home division has a, as I mentioned, we have over 500 plus buyers in our home division that have collaborated just beyond even what we did before, as well as we have satellite offices for not just home that are overseas, that are now buying more merchandise for us than they did before. So when you -- I feel we can continue to actually now drive and even more eclectic mix of home, which has the advantage that the consumer can buy it that day, if its a piece of furniture they can try it and buy it. I mean, think, about all the delivery issues that have taken place or so thats all an added plus. So, in addition to the apparel thing, Scott, was talking about, as well as some other that are hot categories in the industry, such as the beauty business. We have -- I give that team a lot of credit. Weve really been doing a nice job. They collaborate strongly across division. And again, some of the learnings that have taken place, I think, were going to have a slight bit of advantage over what we did pre-COVID and the way were able to flex and leverage all the different divisions merchant knowledge. So I know long way, but thats a whole other piece that is making us feel even better about the future.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. And one thing we said when were generally running well is the -- both at HomeGoods and Marmaxx, the consistency of the sales regionally, the consistency of the sales based on household income as best we can determine, consistency, in terms of the age of our stores -- our stores whether its at HomeGoods and Marmaxx that are over 10 years and depending -- even going up as is all the 20 years and 30 years are doing significant comps. So, its that broad base sales that were doing and then the good news is, at HomeGoods almost all our stores and Marmaxx, the 90%-plus, where our stores are in the suburban, ex-urban and rural areas. Thats where our stores are located and so their strong strength across all of those three areas and the one area thats not doing as well would be the urban stores, but we just dont have that many of them.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you for all the detail.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from John Kernan. Your line is open.
John Kernan: Many congrats on managing through the quarter and congrats on the topline momentum. Scott
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
John Kernan:  has the guidance for freight and supply chain costs gotten worse since you gave the fourth quarter out -- the outlook in the fourth quarter? I think it was 50 basis points to 60 basis points of pressure off count fiscal 2020 year, has that gotten worse? And then when we think about the leverage point in the model and the COVID costs continue to come out of SG&A. What do you think is the comp leverage point? Is it four to five in the model? How do we think about getting back to that 10.6% operating margin from fiscal 2020?
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. We had -- again, we have two -- weve been saying this for the last that more than ever in cover too many puts and takes to get at this point what the breakeven in terms of getting back to the margins. We expect our margins to get better as we move into the back half and we would expect them to get, significantly better next year to be -- well have to see what level our sales get to in the back half and then what, how some of these costs on freight and supply chain and wage pressure to determine what level of margin were going to actually settle in at. But other than we expect both the back half, but certainly next year to be going up significantly in our pre-tax margins. In terms of freight. Yes, in terms of just even versus three months ago, we would expect -- were not finalized at this point. But we certainly expect freight costs to persist and would be higher than what we would have anticipated three months ago.
John Kernan: Got it. So worse than the 60 basis points to 70 basis points of pressure.
Scott Goldenberg: We should have given. I dont remember, giving the basis points, but we would be worse. It would just be worse than what we would have thought.
John Kernan: Got it. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: If you look John around the industry, its just the freight rates continue to escalate.
John Kernan: Understood.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Okay. I believe that was our last call. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. Well be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August and from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well and we wish you good health. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded February 24, 2021. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Sheila. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020, and the Form 10-Q filed December 1, 2020. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear on that transcript. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Id like to start our call today by expressing our sincere gratitude to all of our associates for their hard work and dedication in 2020. Together, our organization has successfully accomplished many monumental tasks in the most uncertain environment we have ever faced as a company. I am so proud of the efforts of our global teams who have worked as one TJX to operate the business in this environment, while prioritizing the health and safety of our associates and of our customers. I want to give special recognition to our store, distribution center and fulfillment center associates. We are truly grateful for their commitment to our business and to our associate and customer safety protocols. In recognition of their efforts, including physically coming into work in the fourth quarter, we awarded a majority of them an appreciation bonus, which is the third appreciation bonus that we have paid during the pandemic. We will continue to look for opportunities, future opportunities to recognize associates for their important contributions to the business. As we continue to manage through the global pandemic, we are thinking of everyone who has been impacted by COVID, including our associates and their families, our customers and our communities. Also, our hearts are with the people in Texas and other parts of the U.S. who have endured so much due to the severe weather this month. Looking ahead, as the power and water situation improves in Texas and other areas, and the rollout of vaccines is more widespread in the coming months, we are hopeful and optimistic about the future. Turning to our business operations. During the fourth quarter, we were very pleased that our U.S. stores were generally able to stay open. However, at certain times during the quarter, we had to temporarily close all our stores in Europe and a majority of our Canadian stores. In total, Europe was closed for almost two-thirds of the quarter and Canada for about one-third of the quarter. As we reopened some of these European and Canadian stores over the past couple of weeks, we were encouraged by consumers enthusiastic response, some of what we saw last summer when we began our reopening. We are following government mandates in our regions and at this time approximately 690 stores remain temporarily closed. Currently the vast majority of these closures are still in Europe, where we expect shutdowns to remain in place for a significant portion of the first quarter. Okay, moving to a recap of our fourth quarter results. First, I am very pleased that our overall open-only comp store sales have down 3% exceeded our plans. During the fourth quarter, we saw a continuation of strong sales trends in our home and beauty departments, as well as great customer response to our holiday gift assortments and values. I am particularly pleased with the terrific assortment of brands we offered at shoppers across all categories, which we believe was an important driver of our above plan sales. These comp sales also exceeded our plans across each of our divisions, including at HomeGoods, which once again, saw a double digit increase. While overall sales were down significantly due to the temporary closing of our stores for approximately 13% of the quarter, I want to emphasize that we are very encouraged by our fourth quarter overall open-only comp sales, which improved each month of the quarter and were positive in January. Despite operating during COVID surges with the headwinds of uncertain consumer behavior, occupancy constraints and social distancing protocols, we only had a small decline in sales at our stores that were permitted to be open. It was great to see many of our best customers enthusiastically returned to our stores. We believe this speaks to the resilience of the business in enduring appeal of our value proposition across all of our retail banners, regardless of the environment. All of this gives us great competence in our business over the long-term. We also believe our ongoing commitment to health and safety protocols, help customers feel comfortable visiting our stores throughout the quarter. We continue to receive positive feedback from our shoppers on our safe shopping experience. We believe this will remain an important factor for consumers when deciding where to shop, while COVID persists. Next, our merchandise margin was up. The buying environment remains excellent as we continue to see a terrific selection of inventory from both existing and new vendors. We are very pleased with the improved seasonality and mix of merchandise at our stores as our buying teams have done a great job, aggressively sourcing branded product across good, better and best categories. We achieved fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.27 and maintained our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, despite the overall sales decline. Further, we declared a quarterly dividend and refinanced some of our outstanding debt to lower our borrowing costs over the long-term. Scott will speak to all of these items in more detail in his financial update. As we entered 2021, significant uncertainty remains around COVID and its impact on consumer behavior, while many factors lean outside of our control, such as temporary store closings and customer shopping habits. We are very confident about the areas that we can control, including buying, merchandising and store operations. Despite the near-term uncertainty, we have grown more optimistic about the medium and long-term with the news of multiple effective COVID vaccines. I am convinced that our business will rebound and will capture market share once we are past this health crisis. Let me highlight some of the actions we took in 2020 that we believe set us up for success going forward. First, we have strengthened our relationships with many of our existing vendors. With all the uncertainty in the retail landscape, some vendors have looked to us to buy even more of their inventory. We have also had opportunities to buy goods across an even wider range of product categories. In 2020, our buyers opened thousands of new vendors across good, better and best brands and sourced from a universe of approximately 21,000 vendors around the world. We believe all of this puts us in an excellent position to keep offering consumers an eclectic mix of branded merchandise at amazing values. Second, were prepared to take advantage of the terrific real estate availability that we are seeing across each of our geographies and continue our global store growth. With the increase in store closures by some other retailers, we are in an excellent position to open new stores in some of our target markets. Further, we see additional opportunities to relocate existing stores to more desirable locations, and to seek out more favorable terms when leases expire. Next, upon initially reopening our stores last summer, we focused on marketing on addressing safety concerns to build the confidence of our shoppers, while highlighting value and the hotter trending categories. In the fourth quarter, we also emphasize gifting. In 2021, we plan to launch bold new campaigns for each banner that reinforce our value leadership will also highlight the elements of discovery, variety and quality, which are all major strengths for us. Lastly, we prioritized investments in our associates stores, supply chain and systems to strengthen our infrastructure and support our future growth plans. Scott will outline our 2021 capital plans shortly. Looking beyond the health crisis, we are confident that more consumers will be drawn to our stores once they are back to more normalized routines and shopping habits. Id like to walk through the reasons why we believe we are strongly positioned to capture market share in the future. First, we are confident that our relentless focus on value and quality will be as important as ever for shoppers beyond the health crisis. Second, we are convinced that consumers will seek out store  our stores for our wide assortment of branded and fashionable merchandise. We see our excellent selection of brands and our global buying organization as key differentiators for our business. Further, we believe that brands we offer consumers will continue to be a major driver of incremental customer traffic and sales. We believe our flexible [indiscernible] buying will continue to be a tremendous advantage. Eventually consumers will be physically returning to work, socializing again and resuming travel. This is what we saw happening in Australia, where despite recent COVID shutdowns life had largely returned to normal during the fourth quarter and we saw strong sales trends return in our apparel business. Our buying organization is well-positioned to shift our spending in our other geographies to meet shoppers changing category needs once we move past this health crisis. Third, we are confident that the appeal of our treasure hunt shopping experience will resonate for people looking to be inspired and discover new products when they shop. We shipped to our store several times a week with new and different merchandise, so there was always something exciting for shoppers to see. With our rapidly changing store assortment, shoppers learned to buy something when they see it, because it may not be there the next time they visit. We believe that the entertainment element of our shopping experience will continue to be important. Customers tell us that part of the reason they shop us is for some stress relief, particularly during these times, and some meantime, which we expect to continue into the future. Next, we believe our convenience off-mall locations in urban, suburban and rural locations as an advantage as this allows us to reach a very wide customer demographic. In the U.S., roughly 80% of consumers are within 10 miles of one of our stores. This makes it very easy for shoppers to visit our stores. We expect to see incremental traffic once consumers return to their workplaces and go out more, as they will be passing by our stores much more frequently. We also see a great opportunity to capture share from other retailers that have shutdown completely or closed stores. We also believe this will lead to greater availability of inventory from both new and existing vendors. Lastly, we continue to aggressively pursue the significant opportunities we are seeing in the home category just as we have for decades. This includes increasing the HomeGoods divisions long-term target to 1,500 stores and our plans to launch e-commerce on homegoods.com later this year. Further, we have been increasing [Audio Dip] all of our banners to capture some of the incremental demand. In 2020, home accounted for almost 40% of our overall sales up from 33% in the prior year. Going forward, we are confident that the strength of our home buying teams at our global buying offices will allow us to keep bringing an eclectic mix of home merchandise at great value to our shoppers and capture additional market share. Before I close, I want to reiterate how great we feel about the long-term and our opportunity to drive sales post pandemic. At the same time, we are still facing several significant expense headwinds. Scott, well discuss this in more detail, but the cost pressures that we had pre-COVID, including supply chain, wage and freight continue to persist and COVID has made each of them worse. Of course, we also continue to have significant COVID related costs. I want to emphasize that we are extremely focused on our top line opportunities that could help to ease some of these pressures. In closing, I am so proud of the resilience and dedication of our associates, who successfully navigated our company through an unprecedented environment in 2020. I also want to add that as an organization and management team, this has been such an important year in terms of our global corporate responsibility efforts. As COVID has been evolving differently in different parts of the world, we have continued to prioritize the health, safety and well-being of our associates and customers, along with the financial stability of the business. 2020 was also a critical year for our inclusion and diversity work, which includes our commitment to standing up for racial justice and equity. Were committed to listening to and learning from our associates and taking actions to do better. I am confident as ever about the future of TJX. Longer term, we believe we have a tremendous opportunity to capture additional market share, even beyond the prospect of a resurgence in consumer spending and revenge shopping, once vaccines are widely available, longer term, we are convinced that our flexible off-price model has structural advantages with our entertaining and engaging treasure hunt shopping experience, differentiated assortment of branded merchandise and our excellent values. Our teams are energized and laser focused on capitalizing on the opportunities we see for our company. And I look forward to sharing our success going forward. Now Ill turn the call over to Scott for a financial update, and then well open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Id like to first echo Ernies comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment in 2020 and continued efforts in 2021. Ill start today with some additional details of our fourth quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, open-only comp store sales were down just 3%, despite the COVID related headwinds we faced. Average basket increased and was strong again, as customers responded favorably to our fresh seasonable mix and put more items in their carts. As to the cadence of comp sales, we saw improvement of each in  each month of the quarter with our Marmaxx, HomeGoods and TJX Canada divisions all achieving positive open-only comp sales in January. At Marmaxx, our largest division customer traffic in the fourth quarter was better than the third quarter and also improved each month of the quarter. As to overall sales, the decline was primarily due to the temporary closures of some of our stores. These closures were primarily in Europe, which was closed for 63% of the quarter, including essentially all of January. And in Canada, which was closed for 32% of the quarter. Overall stores were closed for approximately 13% of the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter merchandise margin was up versus the prior year. This was driven by strong mark on and a benefit from the timing of a shrink accrual. These benefits were partially offset by higher freight costs, as well as higher markdowns as a result of the store closures in Europe and Canada. Moving to the bottom line, fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.27, which included a debt extinguishment charge of $312 million or $0.18 per share. Earnings per share also included a negative impact of $0.05 from our tax rate, which was significantly higher than last year. This was due to the company moving to a year-to-date net income position in the fourth quarter and the related impact of the jurisdictional mix of profits and losses. Further as detailed in our press release this morning, we believe the temporary store closures in Europe and Canada during the fourth quarter negatively impacted sales by approximately $950 million to $1.05 billion resulting in a significant loss of profit dollars and about $0.18 to $0.21 of earnings per share. I want to also remind you that our EPS reflects significant cost headwinds in the fourth quarter, which more than offset some of our temporary expense savings. Let me take a moment to go through a couple of the larger ones. First, our net costs related to COVID accounted for approximately $300 million of incremental expense. These costs include extra payroll to clean the store and monitor occupancy levels, payroll for some store associates that we kept active to support the business while stores were temporary closed, the cost of PP&E and the fourth quarter appreciation bonus for certain associates. The increase in our costs versus the third quarter included extra payroll as our stores were open longer hours, partially offset by increased government relief due to the European and Canadian store closures. Second, we had increased supply chain costs. This was due to a lower average ticket and processing more units, as our merchandise mix continued to shift to a non-apparel categories, expenses related to additional distribution capacity and wage increases at our distribution facilities. As for inventory, our teams are doing a great job, procuring merchandise and adjusting logistics to get it to a distribution facilities and stores. As a result, our store inventory position is close to where we want it to be. To reiterate, availability of merchandise in the marketplace is excellent. Now Id like to walk through our cash flow and liquidity. First, we generated $4.6 billion of operating cash flow in fiscal 2021. As a result, we ended the fourth quarter in a very strong liquidity position with $10.5 billion in cash. Next, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, were planning to declare a dividend at the same rate subject to Board approval. Lastly, in the fourth quarter, we significantly lowered our borrowing costs by reducing our higher interest rate, longer dated bonds, through a cash tender offer and issuing lower interest rate bonds. The net result of these actions will lower our interest expense by approximately $32 million per year. Now Ill spend a moment on fiscal 2022. As we said in our press release this morning, we are not providing a financial outlook for fiscal 2022 because of the continued uncertainty of the environment due to COVID. As a point of reference, overall open-only comp store sales trends for the first three weeks of the first quarter were better than in the fourth quarter, despite the unfavorable one in the United States. In the periods before and after the unfavorable weather, overall comp sales were positive. In terms of fiscal 2022 profitability, we expect pre-tax margins to be higher than fiscal 2021, but to deleverage significantly versus our pre-COVID levels. This is due to a number of known headwinds that weve discussed many times before. As a reminder, these include the following. First, we continue to have the net costs related to COVID. In the first quarter, we are currently planning $225 million of net expense. At this time, we do not know or by how much these costs may moderate beyond the first quarter, as a reminder, most of these costs are in SG&A. Second, based on what we know today, we expect temporary store closures will negatively impact overall first quarter sales by approximately $750 million to $850 million and will result in some level of margin deleverage. This includes our stores that are currently closed in Europe and the majority of our Canadian stores that are currently closed or have been closed during the first quarter. Based on what we know today, overall, we expect stores to be closed for approximately 11% of the first quarter, which includes Europe being closed for an estimated 67% of the quarter. These expectations could be negatively impacted further, if current mandates are extended or new ones are put in place. Next, as Ernie mentioned, the headwinds of freight, wage and supply chain that existed pre-pandemic have not gone away. In fact, each of them has gotten worse in the current environment. On freight specifically, we continue to see capacity constraints and driver shortages, which has led to higher rates. Were also experiencing incremental freight costs due to our lower average ticket and moving more units through our supply chain. All that said, we remain laser focused on looking for expense savings throughout the business. We may also have an opportunity to offset some of these headwinds over the long-term, if we successfully drive outside sale increases in market share gains or see demand improve for the higher ticket categories. Additionally, if then buying environment stays beneficial, we could capture additional merchandise margin. Moving on, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fiscal 2022. This includes opening new stores, remodels, and relocations and investments in our distribution network and infrastructure. For new stores, we plan to add 122 net new stores, which would bring our year-end total close to 4,700 stores. This would represent a store growth of about 3%. In the U.S., our plans call for us to add about 30 net stores at Marmaxx, 34 net stores at HomeGoods and 12 Sierra stores. In Canada, we plan to add about 22 net stores and in TJX International, we plan to open up approximately 15 stores in Europe and 9 stores in Australia. As to our long-term store growth opportunity, we now see the potential to grow to 60 to 75 stores globally. In addition to the increasing HomeGoods by a 100 stores, weve also increased the store potential for Canada and Australia. In closing, to reiterate what Ernie said, we feel great about the strength of our business. In general, the stores that are opened are performing well, despite the numerous COVID related headwinds. Additionally, we are in a very strong financial position, which allows us to continue investing in our business to support our growth plans. All of this gives us great confidence that we will continue to successfully navigate this environment and be a stronger company, when we are past the pandemic. Now, were happy to take your questions. As we do every quarter, were going to ask you that you please let me your questions to one per person and one part to each question. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. Weve heard a lot about difficulty getting home products through the ports and also some concern around a shortage of apparel receipts later on in the year as the economy reopens, can you just talk about the buying environment in a little more detail and your comfort in your ability to stock the stores with the inventory you need as demand comes back?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Lorraine. Certainly, a question near and dear to my heart, as we talk about how we buy the goods and how we stock the stores, as you said, in terms of the demands by category, really since the beginning, when COVID  if you remember back, and I know we spoke back when COVID first hit and we could see our home business and some of our other trending categories were going to clearly trend differently than apparel, for example. So we were able to adjust as you could hear what we said in the script, how big our home business has actually gotten to over the last six months, we were able to adjust the mix in our stores very appropriately to that because our model is very flexible, right? So were able to do  and supply has been plentiful even though, there were little snippets of time when it wasnt so easy to get exactly what we want. For the most part, we got the categories that we wanted. When you ask about apparel, I dont think we werent trying to communicate that we werent able to get it. So apparel is pretty plentiful on the market. Its just not the consumer demand isnt there as great as it has been, I would say would be the way to put it. Having said that, I mentioned Australia where the environment is more normal and almost is the least COVID impacted a market that were in. Their apparel business has been very healthy. So we are predicting and there wont be an availability issue that as we start to go through this year, were feeling that apparel specifically second quarter into summer as the vaccine rollout becomes more widespread and people start to circulate out there more. I and the teams are anticipating a surge in apparel. Certainly, quite not every department, but a pretty big surge from where wed been harboring and probably gaining back a little bit more of the share within our store. No availability problem, Lorraine, as were sourcing across all the categories. And in fact as I always say to all of you, we have to really control our merchants from buying too much. Specifically, I would say, apparel has been where weve really had to slowdown of recent only because the trend isnt what it is in some of the other areas. Everything has been improving quarter-by-quarter. So if you look at Marmaxx, our business and when you talk apparel, I think domestically here, because obviously our Europe business was kind of shut in the fourth quarter. I cant give you as much detail there. But if you look at Marmaxx, we improved from a minus 10 in the third quarter to a minus seven in the fourth quarter, and then each month got progressively better in the fourth quarter for Marmaxx and barring the whether were starting the year off improved from where we were in the preceding months in the fourth quarter. So hopefully that helps you.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Boss [JPMorgan]. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on the progress. Ernie, maybe to dig into your comp improvement, despite that continued COVID restrictions and your model having little e-commerce, could you help elaborate on your comments around expansion of vendor relationships coming out of the crisis and also speak to any offensive initiative that you are taking to capture what others in the sector have quoted as potentially more than $10 billion of potential sector market share that could be up for grabs coming out of this pandemic?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Matt, great question. We talked about this stuff all the time. So on that  whats been helping us with our comp improvement is a little what I was talking to Lorraine about. So our merchants have really done a great job and shifting their  we shift  first of all, we shifted buyers around, some merchants around, in certain areas to go after the healthier and trending categories. Whats interesting is at the beginning of the pandemic, when the market was an upheaval we took a very, I would call it, very forthright approach with all of our vendor community, and they knew how important we were then. But I think whats happened and I think this is where were getting to the second part of your question on the expansion of the vendor relationships to help us. We talked about the 21,000 vendors that were dealing with. Weve been opening up a few thousand additional vendors, but theres always vendors falling off because we stopped buying certain categories, or unfortunately in the pandemic, youve had some other vendors kind of falling off to the side, as you can imagine. But we are meaning more to, I would say, the more branded vendor community across the board. And so if you listened to the script we made a conscious effort. I made a conscious effort to really highlight that one of the key differentiators of TJX. And I think this applies from us against other retailers maybe against other off price formats is our focus on brands is really second to none. So we and if you look back at my script, I mentioned across good, better and best. So we have had all of our teams on a mission to continue to open more brands, always continuing to do that because you get more newness that way, and you get more excitement in the mix. And then that combined with the market share thats out that you mentioned the $10 billion up for grabs. I think the way to do it as some of the other  think of the retailers who have struggled during this, its not your essential retailers, right? Its not that people, customers really need to go to right now, very task-based missions that they have to go on. Its really the more impulse or more fashion driven. In our case, were an impulse-driven retailer and you cant ask for a better situation for us to have more brands in the future, because we mean more to those brands and the fact that when consumers start to get more comfortable, they want to shop our entertainment. Its a perfect storm. And I just think the expression I would like to use right now, were feeling is a tiger by the tail and the business here, meaning once things start to open up and the consumer goes back to normalcy, I just think were really going to be in a strong position that continue to improve, which we  as you can see from the sales weve been doing every quarter. So a great question. Its really at a high-level, one of the most important aspects of our strong strategy medium-term and long-term.
Matthew Boss: Nice to hear. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Lejuez [Citi]. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. Two quick ones and then one high level, Scott, maybe can you just quantify the shrink benefit during the quarter also on the payables inventory ratio, inventory down, payables up, just curious how long that might continue that relationship? And just higher level, just given all the changes that have occurred in F 2020 from a cost perspective and any way you could frame for us, what the EBIT margin would look like if you were to return to F 2019 sales levels whether that be an F 2021 or F 2022. Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Well, on quickly not address unfortunately the last one, we  at this point, were not giving guidance in terms of, a lot will depend on just as you can see, right, what weve had in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter with a significant number of store closures, how much we going to have for COVID costs. I think we need a little more time and there are any public address fits as we move forward on terms of how much of the mix switches back to apparel, which will then help us both on the average retail, freight, some of the other productivity measures. I think theres a lot of uncertainty, although we think well be getting, it will have a first half, second half impact. In terms of freight costs, certainly spiked as we moved from the third quarter to fourth quarter, we will likely remain high at least on a TYLY basis as we move through the first half of the year. And we would hope due to things that were going to be doing and market conditions be moderating, but we dont know where thats going to level off. And that does relate a little to the mix of the merchandise as well. Weve been buying very good and the other thing, Ernie, I think, will touch on what level well be able to maintain and extend on that is to be determined. Also in certain things, weve had very good markdown performance, but as weve been chasing inventory at a very high level, particularly at HomeGoods. So again, I think that big cost pressures are going to be the ones that weve had in the past, where weve now had two years of deleverage on due to wages, supply chain costs, DC wages, opening up a bit, were opening a couple of facilities this year. But a lot will depend on when we get back to our sales because we still have to recapture a lot of the sales that we lost last year and get to the level and get back and hopefully surpass where we were going to be. So a lot of uncertainty of when were going to get, we know  we feel comfortable, were going to get back to sales, but is it going to be in the back half of this year? Is it going to be over a little longer period of time? So putting all that, its just too early to give  to be giving a number. In terms of the fourth quarter, what were seeing is that the shrink number was really just a time. Our shrink came in slightly lower than our last year number, but we had  we thought early on with COVID with all the closing and opening of the stores, the movement of merchandise that we had accrued for higher levels in the second and third quarter. And it came in better than what we thought. But that was offset by our freight. When you net-net look at all the ins and outs, we also had to accrue for additional markdowns this quarter, due to the Europe and Canadian closures that overall our merchandise margin, when you strip it all away was still up in the  lets call it in that 30 basis points range for the quarter after all of the ins and outs. And again, that largely be determined on how we do on our mark-on and markdowns for next year, whether we can continue that.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thanks, Scott. Good luck guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next well hear from Kimberly Greenberger [Morgan Stanley]. You may proceed.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. Thank you so much. I wanted to ask Ernie about two comments that you made in your prepared remarks. You mentioned that youre seeing a lot of real estate opportunities and in particular, both opportunities for new stores and relocations. Im wondering if you can share any sort of preliminary information on what kind of changes in rent rates youre seeing on those new leases and maybe give us some examples of what would be the factors that would motivate you to relocate a store, just so we can think forward about the real estate strategy. And then I think you mentioned that inventory in-store is close to where you want it to be. Im assuming not every category is alike, and if you can just give us some feel for where you feel like theres more inventory available than really you would like in the stores right now and where maybe inventory levels are a little tighter. Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Kimberly, what Ill do is, let me just comment on the real estate quickly, and Im going to turn over some of the when you were asking about the rate on the leases, Ill turn it over to Scott. But when we look at for the opportunities in the business, we do want to get back to even things such as remodels because our  one other things, weve seen over the years is our shopping experience is comprises many things. Certainly, the merchandise is number one. But our consumers have come to appreciate the environment theyre in as well as the shopping center. So when you ask about a relocation sometimes we arent in the most happening shopping center. And many  we have found that some of our best uses of capital have been relocation. So Scott will talk to all of that. At a high level, I would just say, it keeps us healthy and keeps our existing stores proceeding and staying up-to-date. So for the long-term health of TJX, its very important in every geography were in to keep spending appropriately. Obviously, we had curtailed that at the beginning of COVID, but Scott will talk to, why thats important, and by the way, why were excited about opportunities. Inventory, where that falls across in the store, first of all, we dont  I dont give out information as far as where we are versus where wed want to be. But I would just say that at the high level, the reason weve been very happy with where our sales have been proceeding. And you can tell what we did give is our home area, our beauty area which have grown in percentage which is where obviously thats not a secret. Those areas are healthy in the world around us. We have been getting plenty of availability and where we would run into pockets of categories within those worlds. Our buyers have done a great job of shifting around and we buy in different ways. So sometimes theyre buying goods that are landing within a week or two, and sometimes theyre buying some goods that are landing of a couple months out. But we have overall, as you can see, weve been happier with our overall inventory levels. Scott and I have talked about that recently in terms of where we are with each division and in full TJX. From where we were, if you remember back in the third quarter, second quarter, the third quarter, we were in a major scramble mode which probably somewhat impacted our sales than versus the healthier open-only comps where we are now. We will run into some little pockets there, obviously, where we were calling missing some departments a little bit more, and we couldnt get, by the way, some of that was really transportation of the goods. It wasnt necessarily availability. So right now, I would tell you across the board availability pretty much in any way we want it. Theres more  definitely more apparel out there than we would want to use across most every category. So hopefully that gives you color in terms of where were headed. Were just feeling really balanced on the way our inventory levels are right now heading into February and into March across every division. I mean, the only place that we are not happy is in Europe where were closed, because clearly we have inventory there and we cant do anything in terms of selling it. Scott, do you want to
Scott Goldenberg: Sure, going to capital and some of the things that you talked about on the new stores ramps, et cetera, I think overall the big picture is that, were starting to spend some of that, obviously, now that were in a position of strength on both the cash and on our balance sheet. Were spending  were going to spend in $500 million to $700 million more in capital than we did last year and more than what we did even two years ago. I think we have an open to buy, to spend more capital as we move through the year as we would  if we see opportunities for. And we see how our business recovers for either new more real estate than the 122 I talked about and/or more remodels that Ernie talked about as something to be using our cash for from timing. Were going to be doing what north of 350 remodels, I think last year we did several hundred remodels, less than what we had planned. So we would be viewing that over the next several years as we could be getting up even to 400 remodels a year or more to try to catch up and take advantage of that. Two, in terms of new stores, we would say, were not giving out a number, but its going to be  it will be more than the 122, probably at 150 plus for the next several years. I think theres great opportunity with all the unfortunate disruption in retail, we are already starting to see in all of our geographies when we are signing leases in store closures that have already happened in the past year and we would do, it doesnt happen overnight, but we would see that as a big opportunity for calendar 2022 and 2023 to get sites. I think part of  the bigger part of that is the quality of the sites without having to necessarily get them at rents that we would have paid just a year or two ago. So its not that its necessarily cheaper than our current cost base, but it would be cheaper than what we would have paid and probably locations that we otherwise would not been able to get. In Marmaxx division, particularly, but across all of our stores the relocations is an opportunity as we have hundreds of leases coming to renewal. And so we see a great opportunity to open again, to better real estate and potentially I think the number one thing is to have drive higher sales, but potentially even to keep our costs the same or lower. I think weve seen a fantastic opportunity in Europe in terms of cost reductions. A lot of it is the environment there is, as you can imagine, worse than it is here from a real estate with all the closures. And on a lot of our rent renewals we are seeing increases  decreases in terms of the overall costs that we have to pay north of 25% on a per store basis. So thats a combination of either the capital that youre going to get when we want to move into a store or the benefit were going to get, or just the actual reduction in the rent. So were seeing significant decreases there. Were seeing decreases before, but not to the level that were currently seeing. Were also seeing some phenomenal deals. So Im not going to name the specific sites, but in the last couple of weeks, weve seen stores where we were paying $900,000 and rent go down to $600,000 or 500,000 to less than $200,000, just phenomenal decreases in renewals. And also even landlords who want us giving us, extended rent-free periods because were an anchor tenant in a strip and they very much want us to be there. So, yes, I think thats a tremendous opportunity for us.
Kimberly Greenberger: All great color. Thanks so much.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Janine Stichter [Jefferies]. Your line is open.
Janine Stichter: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on the momentum. I want to ask a bit about HomeGoods, the increase of the target there. Im curious what went into it? How much of this was analysis you contemplated pre-COVID and how much is more the strength youre seeing in home right now? And then maybe some color on where these new stores are. Are they in new markets, existing markets? And then just lastly, an update on Homesense. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. All good, Janine. So we were already contemplating pre-COVID upping that target because our HomeGoods business has just been consistent. And by the way, Ill just throw these together. You asked about Homesense since similarly was heading to a good place, but obviously when COVID has impacted us everything, the tide rose overall with both these businesses. And were just seeing as the world changes in lifestyle and focus even when the vaccines all hit, youre still going to have a dynamic change around us, all in terms of how many people are spending more time still in the home environments and focused on that, regardless of whether theres an x percent that goes back to work, of course there will be. Theyll be a majority going back to offices, but all you need is a small percent going the other way and with a focus on the environment of home. So yes, we just feel like theres way more market opportunity as we move forward. If you look at the amount of home business being done online, and lets go back to the market share mission here, we feel, and of course homegoods.com, which will be later in the year, we sell bats and operated take online business, but we feel our Homesense business specifically really pulls from categories that are significantly done online. We feel Homesense can really eat into that online business. And recently, anecdotally Ive had friends that have bought goods at Homesense, and theyve used our delivery service, which again, in many cases is a third-party. But you are trying the  for example, the sofa or the chair, youre trying that actual sofa a chair there. And that is what shows up at your house within the next day or two. Again, we have same day delivery in many of those sites. And I think that is an interesting dynamic, which obviously the business is extremely healthy right now. But we feel like theres just so much more upside. And as you can tell by the number we gave you as the percent of TJX, that home has been most recently the momentum is so strong to think otherwise that we wouldnt continue to just grab more market share. So I hope that answers your question. Were very bullish on. Scott, I think
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to brief address a little on Homesense. I think what weve seen  everything that weve seen in the overall home business, it has been a little, Id say even up a notch on Homesense. So the comps are proportionally even higher at Homesense than they have been in the HomeGoods in the fourth quarter. Our retail has been  average retail has been strong. Our average baskets been strong. And I think the operational folks where we may have talked about it for the first year or two, because its obviously a mix of business where the payroll and other aspects of it are a bit more challenging. Theyve done a great job of working through the  how to make that business more efficient. So our four wall profits on Homesense have increased substantially this year with our volumes. And its made us much more optimistic and were opening up five Homesense stores this year as well.
Ernie Herrman: Its a great question. And Janine, the other thing is to Scotts point, I give the teams a lot of credit because theyve also managed to not, as we open the Homesense. With the Homesenses surging, theyre not stealing the HomeGoods sales, as you can tell are still very healthy nearby. And I give our merchants and that management team, a lot of credit and the field there as well, and keeping the stores looking different and differentiated between Homesense and HomeGoods. So they start with having a great mix in both the teams have done a great job on that, but theyve managed to do this in locations where theyre almost right next to each other. So really bodes well for the future.
Janine Stichter: Thanks. Thats helpful color. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Binetti [Credit Suisse]. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys. Thanks for taking all our questions here. Scott, just a simple question, with all the noise trying to model this, you guys mentioned significant deleverage in the model in this year relative to pre-pandemic. Is there anything  any color you can give us to what that mean? I know, if we look at the 10.6% margin in 2019, give us some thoughts on what a normalized comp would mean as far as how much headwind permit from freight from unit volumes going through wages, those kinds of things. Is there anything you can help us to contextualize that comment for this year?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, again, the biggest costs on this year will depend will be on the COVID costs. I mean, therell be significant as we talked in the first quarter and Ill let Ernie address it. But it will be to be determined as we move through the  on the COVID costs.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Michael, on the COVID costs, what we want to do is not  were not going to go in with a notion ahead of it and have a preconceived notion as to when well start pulling them out. As we see the vaccine set and the safety start to get aligned, we will start maybe in the back half, second quarter, we think little by little well start pulling them down. Is that what youre asking Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes.
Ernie Herrman: So were feeling that definitely opportunity there to  weve looked at it as just so you know, up till now, its a sales driver for us and weve gotten on our customer, we do reports, we do surveys. We are getting huge credit on our level of service and safety impact by the greeters weve had at the front of the store. If youve been in our store, youll see that in most stores, we have two greeters theyre really cleaning the carts as well as welcoming asking, do you need help? Were they treated okay and safely? And so thats had a huge impact, and Im looking at that as a form of marketing to help us with our top line for the future. And so that is, we want to be very careful as we pull that back, because all the indicators are that has been a big help on our reputation during COVID. So very good questions.
Scott Goldenberg: So Michael, to get to your question, a lot of it goes back unfortunately to  to your point at the end of fiscal 2020, we were at $10.6 billion, all things being equal. And again, saying a lot right now, if we had guided to approximately 10.2 to 10.3 last year on a three comp, if you would had the similar level, the headwinds of supply chain wage, et cetera, you would have gone down 30 to 40 basis points for another year. So as we said, nothings really changed in terms of store wage. In terms of that the DC  the two components that are a bit larger right now are the DC supply chain and the DC wage, as weve had both in our HomeGoods and Marmaxx DCs wage increases this year, which are going to be analyzing for most of this year those impacts and significant freight, what would have been over fiscal 2020 the last results. So those will largely depend on what level of sales, because you have a natural delever on the sales until you got back and recapture those sales. So if the delever was 30 to 40, its clearly going to  it would clearly be significantly higher than that without the COVID cost. And then those, we would expect to start recapturing some of that as we get our sales levels up. So its  but that 10.6 would have been going down. And then on top of that is the deleverage of the sales and the higher freight and other supply chain costs.
Michael Binetti: Can I follow-up a quick model question. Would you mind helping us with what the change was in the corporate expense line in the fourth quarter, I noticed this quite different than
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. There were some benefit  well, the biggest benefit, which was in effect at  thank you. Its a good point. Thats not a necessarily a go  well, hopefully not a go-forward benefit was this year we did not have bonus accruals or incentive accruals up to the level. Last year, its actually  both went the wrong way. Last year, we had a very good end to the year and increased our incentive accruals in the fourth quarter. This year, we obviously are not meeting our plans. And so we had the incentive accruals go the other way. So it was a benefit of almost 90 basis points in the quarter. Thats obviously next year we would hope to have a normal level of bonus accruals. And so thats the biggest difference. There was some  the rest of its just noise between fuel hedges and there was expense savings as a lot of companies maybe havent talked about it that much on metal costs and others as due to less people being sick that we had a benefit as well.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The final question of the day comes from Adrienne Yih [Barclays]. Your line is open.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. Ernie, this is a bit of a clarification on something that weve gotten for probably a couple of years. So as the global apparel brand manufacturers are reducing their footprint in off price, it sounds like youre finding sort of more disparate newer fresher brands that are replacing those. So its making it an even better overall treasure hunt experience versus focused on this handful or a dozen of these historical brands. So is that clear, is that the right interpretation?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, it is. And I will tell you to go along with that, Adrienne. As we  its funny, you mentioned that now its one thing I thought I didnt get to mention on one of the earlier questions. We are buying significantly more from our satellite buying offices this year, which actually speaks to a little about what you just asked because  probably because of availability around  its not always with the same vendors and maybe whats going on with Europe. So we have satellite offices, we have offices in Italy and in Europe and in the Far East and California. And so we weve had a disproportionate growth in purchases from those offices recently relative to our total during COVID. I mean, the good news in the vendor, this is not unusual when we  specifically in the home business, Adrienne. If you ever go to our store one week and you go to the next week, for example, in some of our categories where theres a lot of newness. So if you look at our food business, youll see lots of new brands thatll go in there and they maybe werent there a few months ago. And you dont tend to think of that area, but theres a lot of special labels in there that really become hot and quality and country of origin from Italy to domestic brands. And that happens throughout the store, but there are definitely more areas where I think brands have become  its really going to be a big differentiator of us from I think everybody else, because so many of the retailers around us in apparel, by the way, the apparel world is going very specialty private label driven. And what will be neat about our businesses is the customer, she or he can walk in and see an assortment of different brands that, yes, youd find them in depth in other stores, but theyre all going to be under one roof in a treasure hunch format if that makes sense.
Adrienne Yih: It totally does. And then Scott very quickly, weve been watching these container prices spiking over $5,000. And I guess the issue for us is, weve tried to go back and look at 2015 West Coast Port issues, but that was a U.S. specific issue. This is a global kind of the demand or supply issue. Are there any parallels to draw from that? Can you help us into P&L what is freight as a percent of sales? And I would imagine youre better position because you have a lot more landed goods versus imports. So any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Ill let Ernie address the piece of what you  obviously as vendors and others have to bring the goods in what theyll pass on and not pass on, because everybody has to pay the increased ocean container costs one way or the other, what gets passed through.
Ernie Herrman: Right. Yes. So I would say some of that gets mitigated when we buy through the brands. So a chunk of that gets mitigated because we go  our buyers look at what they can retail a goods at, and they factored into what the cost should be. And regardless of the vendor, whatever they pay for freight is, I dont want to say its not our concern, but its kind of not our concern when our buyers, theyre pretty straightforward about how they work that. Its something where were importing, which we do some of that business, then were going to get hit with that just like Scott said earlier.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the big picture on freight, its very difficult to start and youll see that when were just going to be starting to compare against our numbers in the first and second quarter, because we werent open for business for such large chunks of the business of the time. But if youre going to compare fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2020, its  youre in north of 60 basis points probably a two year impact of incremental basis points on freight. But its really going to be a tale of two stories. Its going to be significantly weighted toward the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, because most  we had the big spike ups. A lot of for us is well be renegotiating domestically our rail, our truck and our ocean in the middle of the second quarter. So we would hope to contract more capacity because a lot of what impacted us and others is having to go to more spot rates and just pay through than those that happened in the fourth quarter and a little what will be happening still. And also the mix of the goods was not ideal because the number one priority I think, Ernie would agree with me, make sure we were getting the goods and our teams did a great job to get the goods, but we were paying  we had to pay a premium in many cases. But were working on a lot of issues in our logistics area to reduce costs. And we think there will be opportunities, so well be able to take advantage of as we move forward through the next year and beyond.
Adrienne Yih: Very helpful. Thank you. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Adrienne. All right. I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our first quarter earnings call in May. And from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health and talk to you down the road. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q3  (2020-11-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded November 18, 2020. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020 and the Form 10-Q filed August 28, 2020. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States Copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear on that transcript. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to start our call today by expressing our sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their continued hard work and dedication as we navigate the business through this health crisis. They have helped us achieve monumental tasks over these past eight months. We are especially proud of their commitment to our health and safety protocols for both associates and customers. I want to give special recognition to our store distribution center and fulfillment center associates. We are truly grateful for their commitment to keeping our business open and moving forward, which requires them to physically go into work. In recognition of their efforts, we have once again awarded a majority of them an appreciation bonus to be paid in November, this month. We will continue to look for opportunities to recognize associates in the fourth quarter for their continued contributions to the business. As we keep managing through the global pandemic, I want to share our continued concern about the human impact of COVID, including on our associates and customers. I know the news around the resurgences is difficult for all of us to see. As an international retailer with operations around the world, we continue to follow government mandates in our regions, which means at this time we have some stores temporarily closed. Currently, the vast majority of these are in Europe, with only a very small number in North America. Moving to the business update. I'm going to start with a recap of our third quarter results followed by some comments on the fourth quarter and then move to the market share opportunities we see for TJX in the medium and the long-term. Now to our third quarter results. I am very pleased that both our sales and earnings per share well exceeded our plans. Overall open-only comp store sales were down 5% and earnings per share were $0.71. Further, sales exceeded our plans across each of our divisions. Our above-plan third quarter results reinforce our confidence in the flexibility and strength of our business model over the long-term. The third quarter marked the first quarter this year that nearly all of our stores were open. Despite the numerous macro headwinds, including COVID and its impact on consumer behavior and the limitations in cost of operating with new safety and occupancy protocols, we generated strong cash flow and saw a strong rebound to our top and bottom lines. We are convinced that we can continue our successful profitable growth once we are past this health crisis and the environment normalizes. To provide more detail on the drivers of our above planned sales in the third quarter, we believe that the combination of improved merchandise mix, higher store inventory levels, our focus on safe in-store shopping experiences and the restart of our marketing campaigns were all factors. First, we significantly improved our assortments and the seasonality of our product. We have made progress in flexing our buying dollars and shifting to higher demand categories. We saw strength in our Home, Beauty and Activewear categories across Marmaxx, TJX Canada and TJX International. It's great to see consumer seeking out our banners for the categories that they currently deem important. Our buyers have done a terrific job delivering great merchandise and values throughout the store for all of our categories including both the hot trending categories and the softer trending areas. Second, overall inventory availability and the buying environment are excellent. Our buyers have done a great job communicating with our vendors and leveraging our global buying offices in this environment. We've also added hundreds of new vendors this year. Our merchandise flow to stores has improved since last quarter and we felt good about bringing customers the terrific values they expect from us in the third quarter. We are -- we expect our inventory flow to incrementally improve throughout the fourth quarter. I especially want to highlight the outstanding sales results at our HomeGoods banner, we believe that our aggressive expansion of HomeGoods over the past five years has positioned us very well to capture outsized home share in this environment. Next, our merchandise margin was up significantly, with excellent overall inventory availability, mark-on was very strong. Markdowns were also better than anticipated as sales exceeded our plans and consumers responded favorably to our fresh merchandise mix. We also continue to receive very good feedback on our health and safety protocols from customers who have shopped in our stores. Our marketing organization works very closely with the store operations teams to develop clear and helpful signage to convey our commitment to a safe shopping experience to our customers. We believe our health and safety focus will be important to consumers as they decide where they are comfortable doing their in-store shopping this holiday season and beyond. Lastly, we generated very strong cash flow and further increased our liquidity during the third quarter. As we announced today, our current financial liquidity and flexibility gives us the confidence to reinstate our quarterly dividends subject to Board approval. We expect the dividend to be at an increased level compared to the last dividend we paid in March. Scott of course will talk more about this and the tender offer we announced this morning in his financial update in a moment. Moving to the fourth quarter and our opportunities for the holiday selling season. First, we are convinced that we will be a gifting destination again this holiday season. With our wide selections across many merchandise categories, we believe customers will find gifts for everyone on their list in our stores and online. And our treasure hunt shopping experience offers customers the element of discovery when they're looking for some inspiration for what to buy for the people on their holiday list. Second, we plan to flow fresh product multiple times a week to our stores and online throughout the holidays so that shoppers can find new gift giving assortments every time they shop us. Next, we believe our holiday marketing campaigns which started airing earlier this month will help drive customer traffic. We are highlighting our terrific gift assortments and excellent values with messaging such as spend less, gift better and big love small prices. In the U.S. and Canada, we will leverage the strengths of our retail brands together and multi-banner campaigns. In Europe, we are leveraging our campaigns across each of our European countries. As to e-commerce, we continue to add new categories and brands to our U.S. and UK online businesses. This holiday season, we are planning to offer an expanded assortment of gifts for those shoppers who prefer to shop online. We feel very good about what we have planned this holiday season. However, we continue to see significant COVID-related headwinds that we believe will make it difficult to achieve the level of sales that we would normally expect during this time of the year. First, is the recent resurgence of COVID cases and the consumer impact, in addition to leading to more temporary store closures, this also continued the uncertainty around shopping behavior. We see some consumers are still reluctant to shop in stores and others may make fewer shopping trips this holiday season. Again, we believe our health and safety measures will encourage consumers who are comfortable doing in-store shopping this year to return to our stores. Second, we anticipate some pressure during peak shopping times in some stores from occupancy limits and social distancing protocols. We have several initiatives planned to help mitigate some of this pressure and to improve traffic flow and speed of checkout. Lastly, we are seeing softer demand for certain product categories given the number of people continuing to spend more time at home. While we are emphasizing the high demand categories of Home, Beauty and Activewear, there is a limit to how much of our mix we would shift in the short-term to medium-term. Medium to long-term, while much of what I just discussed our macro headwinds that could persist until a vaccine is widely available and the environment normalizes, we feel very confident in the market share opportunities we see ahead. We are laser focused on the continued successful growth of TJX and seen numerous opportunities to leverage our strengths. First, we are convinced that our great brands at great values concept is an enduring retail formula that we will continue to be a major draw for consumers. Our surveys tell us that our customers love our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and we are convinced that this will continue to service extremely well when more consumers are comfortable shopping our stores. We believe our value proposition gives consumers a compelling reason to shop us in this environment and will continue to attract shoppers over the long-term. Second, we believe our relationships with vendors will grow even stronger as other retailers close stores. We see the power of our global sourcing from a universe of over 21,000 vendors as a tremendous advantage. Next, is the flexibility of our buying, store formats and distribution networks, which we see as a key strength in a rapidly evolving retail landscape. This flexibility allows us to offer consumers a broad mix of branded merchandise across a very wide consumer demographic. Fourth, we see a significant opportunity to continue our global store growth over the long-term. We are in an excellent position to take advantage of real estate availability to open new stores and relocate existing stores. Further, we plan to continue remodeling stores to further upgrade the shopping experience. As we look to capitalize on opportunities to attract more new customers in the future, we want them to have a positive shopping experience when they visit us to keep them coming back. Lastly, we see a great opportunity to capture additional share of the Home category, which has been strong for us for many, many years. In the short-term, we have been increasing our Home mix at all our banners to capture our piece of the incremental demand that is out there. Going forward, we believe the strength of our buying team which numbers over 400 Home buyers, our global buying offices and strong relationships with vendors around the world will allow us to capitalize on the best merchandise available in the marketplace and bring our shoppers exciting home fashions at terrific values Today, I am excited to share with you that we plan to launch e-commerce on HomeGoods.com later next year. We believe HomeGoods e-commerce will allow us to leverage both our strength in the home category and the power of our global buying organization and sourcing universe. We believe this will allow us to satisfy our current customer base which is expanding and continue to attract new shoppers. The passion of our HomeGoods customers is terrific to see, and we are looking forward to bringing them our great brands and values 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. In closing, I want to reiterate that the entire management team is laser-focused on navigating through these times to ensure the stability of the business in the short-term. At the same time, our sight remain on our strategic vision for the medium- and long-term and capitalizing on the numerous opportunities we see for our business. We are prioritizing our investments in our associates, stores, supply chain and systems to strengthen our infrastructure in positioning to execute on our growth plans. We believe we are in excellent shape to build on our leadership positions in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia over the long-term. TJX's successfully grown its business through many retail and economic cycles throughout our 43-year history, and I believe that we'll come out of this health crisis an even stronger company on the path to even greater success in the future. Again, and most importantly, I want to thank all of our associates worldwide who have shown an amazing commitment to TJX and have done outstanding work over these past eight months. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott for a financial update. And then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank all of our global associates for their hard work and commitment over these past eight months. Now, to Q3 results. As Ernie mentioned, open-only comp store sales were down 5%. We were very pleased that overall sales and sales across all of our divisions well exceeded our plans. Overall customer traffic was down but improved versus the second quarter. Average basket increased and was strong again as customers responded favorably to our fresh mix and put more items into their carts. Merchandise margin was up significantly this quarter, driven by stronger mark-on and lower markdowns which included a benefit due to the timing of markdowns between the second and third quarters. As to the cadence of sales, overall open-only comp store sales were sluggish in August and improved significantly for the remainder of the quarter, with September being the strongest month. While hard to quantify, we believe much of this improvement was due to a combination of a more seasonally, appropriate merchandise mix and improved in-store inventory levels as the quarter progressed. Moving to the bottom line, third quarter earnings per share were $0.71 which was significantly better than we anticipated. Earnings per share included a $0.09 benefit from our lower tax rate versus last year which was due to a true-up of our year-to-date tax rate as well as the shifting of income and loss positions across our operating jurisdictions. I want to also remind you that our EPS reflect significant cost headwinds related to COVID. Similar to the second quarter, in the third quarter, these costs primarily included incremental payroll in our stores for enhanced cleaning and to monitor occupancy. Personal protective equipment for our associates and incremental expense related to the third quarter associated appreciation bonus. In total, COVID costs accounted for approximately $270 million of incremental expense in the third quarter. As for our third quarter balance sheet inventory, the decline was due to a combination of items. First, we intentionally planned lower in-store inventory levels to accommodate social distancing and to account for the planned decline in our year-over-year sales. Second, sales were stronger than we expected in the third quarter, so we were replenishing our inventory quicker than we planned. And lastly, we continued to experience merchandise delivery delays due to continued bottlenecks in the supply chain. While overall inventory was down in-store inventory levels improved significantly compared to the second quarter and are close to where we want them to be in this environment. To be clear, availability of merchandise in the marketplace is excellent and is not a factor impacting inventory levels. Now, I'd like to walk through our third quarter cash flow and liquidity. During the quarter, we generated $4.1 billion of operating cash flow. This was primarily due to an increase in working capital and strong net income. We also benefited from lower capital spending and maintaining tight expense controls during the quarter. As a result, we ended the third quarter in a very strong liquidity position with $10.6 billion in cash. With such a strong liquidity position, we were very pleased to announce that we expect to reinstate our quarterly dividend in the fourth quarter, subject to Board approval at a rate of $0.26 per share. This would represent a 13% increase versus our previous dividend of $0.23 last paid in March of 2020. If approved by the Board in December, the dividend will be paid in March of 2021. Next, we announced this morning that we launched cash tender offers for up to $750 million aggregate principal amount for certain of the bonds we issued in April of this year. The goal of these tender offers and the financing, I'll discuss shortly, is to lower our borrowing costs by reducing the outstanding amount of our higher interest rate longer-dated bonds and issuing lower interest rate bonds. While we cannot give specific guidance at this time, if any of the bonds are successfully tendered, we would incur a pre-tax cash charge in the fourth quarter related to the extinguishment of this debt. Keep in mind, if nobody tenders their bonds, the charge will be zero, if $750 million of bonds are tendered, the one-time pre-tax charge could be in excess of $225 million. We will disclose the results of the tender offers and the approximate size of the extinguishment charge when available. We also disclosed this morning that we plan to issue new bonds maturing in seven and 10 years. We plan to use the proceeds of this offering together with the cash on hand to finance the tender offers, which are conditional on our issuing the bonds. We may also use some of the offering proceeds for general corporate purposes. As we said in our release, we are not providing a financial outlook for the fourth quarter due to COVID and the increasing uncertainty around temporary store closures and the consumer shopping behavior in this environment. As a point of reference for the two weeks of the fourth quarter, overall open-only comp stores were down 7% similar to the trend we saw in the last week of October. As a reminder, regardless of comp sales trends, overall sales for the fourth quarter will be negatively impacted due to temporary store closures. That said, I do want to highlight a couple of significant items that negatively impact our fourth quarter bottom line versus last year. First, we're expecting an increase in the amount of incremental COVID costs compared to what we saw in the third quarter. Second, there will be a negative impact due to the temporary store closings which are most currently mostly in Europe. Lastly, we expect higher incremental freight costs in the fourth quarter due to capacity constraints and higher rates. I also want to mention from a sequential standpoint, merchandise margin in the fourth quarter will not get a benefit from a shift in markdowns like we had in the third quarter. And further fourth quarter freight expense will be significantly higher than what was in the third quarter. Wrapping up, I want to reiterate the strength of our third quarter results, while operating in a non-optimal environment. We believe that our third quarter sales, earnings and cash flow demonstrate what TJX is capable of when nearly all of our stores are open for a full quarter. We believe we have been prudent in our financial approach to planning the business and management of our balance sheet and we ended the quarter in a very strong liquidity position. We are confident in our ability to manage the areas we can control like buying, merchandising and store operations. We have a proven retail business model and we believe we are set up very well for continued success once this health crisis is behind us. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Boss [JPMorgan]. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. And congrats on the business improvement. So Ernie maybe where do we stand today with inventory replenishment and supply chain constraint relative to our conversation three months ago? And just given the industry disruption as a whole, what's your confidence in accelerating market share out of this pandemic? Maybe if you could just touch on some of the off-price industry barriers to entry that you think are important?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Matt. Let me hit a high point, first of all, to separate at a high level the short-term versus the longer-term. So the short-term environment is really addressing the big picture you're getting at as what happened to stock price and to us, TJX as we kind of come out of this. The short-term environment right now, we would say is a little more volatile than it was at the beginning of the third quarter, when you look at on COVID cases rising, which were in multiple locations. So it's not just the U.S., we're talking Europe, U.S. everywhere pretty much we are. As we mentioned, we have a number of stores, over 400 stores closed in Europe right now. So it's a little more volatile short-term, however, I'm going to give you a complete 180 and just say we are very bullish on the longer-term outlook because that feels significantly better than it did at the beginning of Q3 when we didn't know where all of this was heading, Certainly the recent news of the vaccines and what that could do in terms of helping, as Scott mentioned, when customers get comfortable shopping stores in general, I think we are going to be positioned extremely well to come out of the box and gain more market share from brick and mortar or across many categories not just in the home area throughout the whole store, I think we're going to be positioned. So, if you look at all the store closures that have happened and I'm guessing you're kind of getting at that issue where this market share opportunity, but how is our inventory replenishment, I think you asked in the beginning on supply constraints et cetera, that we see getting incrementally better month-by-month as we move forward here. Certainly, there has been some, as you probably have heard industry wide, there were some West Coast slowdowns that have impacted some categories, but not to the point, in our case, where it has really saddled or had a material effect on our flow because we are actually right now fairly happy or pleased with the amount of inventory we have in really all of our divisions, all of the brick and mortar specifically. Of course, in Europe, right now, it's being shut down for a few weeks doesn't matter with regard to inventory, but we're feeling really bullish medium-term, long-term, inventory replenishment availability is pretty high. We've had to recently slowed down all of our buying and most of the divisions and departments within the stores because the availability out there is just as you might expect, it's more than it was a number of months ago, and I think that's just has to do with the cadence of the wholesalers now trying to get back on track and project where retailers are going to be and bring-in more goods. So, hope that answers your question with regard to inventory replenishment, supply, where we think the short-term is versus the long term. Again, this is why you're seeing us be a little more cautious on the fourth quarter because of the volatility out there. But again as we look into next year, feeling very good.
Matthew Boss: That's great. Maybe, Scott as a follow up, could you just help quantify the magnitude of merchandise margin expansion in the quarter, what drove the performance? And then with inventories lean exiting the quarter, what's the best way to think about merchandise margin opportunity in the fourth quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, the last part I'll have Ernie just jump in right there because I think I'll just briefly and I'll get back after Ernie talks. But our merchandise margin was strong across the board, across all our divisions. The mark-on was extremely strong and I think...
Ernie Herrman: Significantly.
Scott Goldenberg: And I think that in terms of the fourth quarter.
Ernie Herrman: And markdowns were also, Matt, this wouldn't surprise you because we were lean through a lot of that third quarter and we're still lean. And the way our sales were, I don't want to say, only down 5%, but down 5% was well ahead of where we had thought they would be based on the environment and the inventories, our markdown rates were all much better than last year. The percentages were less than last year, which was healthy. Inventory levels we show were lean, but if you walk into our stores right now, and this is any brand -- if you walked into Winners, TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods you would feel the inventory levels feel very appropriate based on social distancing, the way consumers shop versus three months ago, inventory average, store inventory levels are less than they are at this time of the year. So when you say you're down whatever the number is whatever percent you are against those levels, the stores are going to feel a little more naked than they are today. So, today they feel very appropriate when you walk in our store, inventory levels, which is why we're saying we're happy with them. We're happy with the way the turns are right now. They are not extreme in either direction, not to light, not too heavy. But again, we're trying to watch with what's going on the safety protocol and the social distancing and balancing that whole store experience with our sales.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, And just Matt to just go on a little in terms of the rest of the merchandise margin. There was the timing of the markdowns so that was significant worth approximately 50 basis points that benefited us in the third quarter. Having said that, we still were up -- we were up still quite a bit on the markdown so HomeGoods in Canada drove the majority of that as HomeGoods as you'd expect given the comp they had with chasing the inventory we had very few markdowns compared to at any point at HomeGoods. So that was certainly the driver of that but also strong markdown performance in Canada. In our gross profit, we also had savings in some of the things that get booked into their like travel and other things that we had savings where we also had some government credits and other things that get booked into that we're also saving. So -- and then, there was a small benefit -- well not small but 30 basis points benefited from the hedges in the quarter. But having said all that, yes, it was still an extremely strong merchandise margin in the quarter.
Matthew Boss: Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad [Evercore ISI]. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Thanks, good morning. I appreciate all the information guys. I wanted to ask a follow-up on your confidence in the market share opportunity longer-term, if we think about the consumer kind of step function migration online during this pandemic, is your confidence based on consumers kind of re-migrating away from online and coming back to stores, I know traffic isn't quite back to where it is, if you have any data around that or especially given the HomeGoods e-commerce announcement, are you -- do you have greater confidence that you're going to be able to get greater penetration in the digital channels and gain market share that way or is it a combination of both? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Omar. First of all, combination of both? Definitely. I would say way more impactful on the store capturing the market share opportunity with the stores. And the HomeGoods -- why I'm excited about the HomeGoods online business is as we believe it's very complementary to, I think even I've talked about this before. That is a group of some of our most-passionate customers are our HomeGoods customers. so clearly -- and then a lot of Home business is being done online and so there is a just such a big territory out there of market share we can go to grab from. But a bulk of the market share I still think is customers as witnessed by what the HomeGoods has been doing in comps recently, there's just a bulk of customers that really want to go shop our stores, and the market share opportunity as people get more comfortable for them to come back to our stores, we can just tell from what's been happening now in any area where it's normalized, we're running some really strong numbers -- sales revenue numbers in those markets. So the store closures issue across the country on brick and mortar because at the end of the day X percent of customers still would like to go to stores and not everybody wants to buy their apparel even online. They don't always want to buy a sofa, a chair, an accessory and they want to fill the fabric. Again we've talked about this before that when things normalize, we should get the increased market share because of all the store closures that have happened with brick and mortar. I believe we're going to capture a lot of that coming out of this. So it's a little of both, but I would say the store pickup is really where -- in the Home, I think HomeGoods will be one of the healthiest divisions as we move forward into next year in terms of the ability to just keep capturing, especially in the medium-term. Long-term, I think, as businesses start to gain and the vaccines kick in, I guess you could argue people will be less at home more, but I do believe businesses across the country and in other countries do have an X amount of employees stay at home that weren't at home. So if that's 25% of the office workforce base at home that wasn't that should still give win to the HomeGoods business I think for a handful of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons [RBC Capital Markets]. Your line is open.
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes, hi, thanks very much for taking my question. Ernie you sound obviously very bullish on HomeGoods market share opportunities, can you just speak to maybe how you're evaluating longer-term store count especially within that division. It seems like certainly you feel pretty optimistic about some of the opportunities out there? And then just as Home becomes a bigger piece of the mix, what are some of the margin implications we should consider just given higher freight typically associated with that category? Thanks very much.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Kate. I'll start off and then I'll hand it over to Scott. The -- on the store comps, we've started to -- obviously when COVID first started, we put a little bit of the brakes on, but we only did that for a number of months. And now if we look out, I think Scott might have it as we look out to fiscal '23 calendar '22. Well, first of all, we're still opening stores next year and then the year after we have now started to ramp those up a little bit because we're bullish on it. There is a great real estate opportunity out there as we've talked about. So what we wanted to do and this applies, by the way, with relocations in Marmaxx or in new stores and with HomeSense in Canada or our Home business is great across the board, but specifically HomeGoods, we've started to get more aggressive on FY '23 openings. Scott, I don't know if you want to jump in on that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think it's across the board. I think we have, I mean, again we -- as we've talked about the last two quarters we slowed down significantly. A lot of our openings this year that even on stores that we had signed and moved them from fiscal '21 to fiscal '22 or calendar '21. So this year, we're opening up approximately 50 stores. Next year, already in the hopper well north of 100 and will be harder than that, we're just not giving out our plans, but as Ernie said, we're signing stores across all of our divisions. And for fiscal -- and certainly signing stores for calendar '22 and we'd expect to have start growing up into that at least that 3% range of store openings as a percent of growth. There is a lot of opportunity, as Ernie said in his prepared remarks, so it's not just the store openings, we're able to relocate a lot of stores which we're going to be repositioning. And I think we'll be back on track of relocations next year across all our divisions with certainly a lot of opportunity in Marmaxx as well and then obviously with leasing renegotiate and above, so I think there's a lot of opportunity in the real estate and we're starting to, as Ernie said, sign those. So too early to give numbers for what next year and the year beyond look, I just won't be in the triple -- will be well north of 100 openings and growing significantly.
Ernie Herrman: I'll just jump in with one other thing, Kate, we're talking about HomeGoods total but another place where we're tweaking that and we'll be opening some stores because our trend there has also been strong is with some HomeSense stores scattered amongst the other total HomeGoods stores. So if there is -- if the real estate deal is right and it's near a HomeGoods right, Scott, we're going to take advantage of that with some additional HomeSense stores as well. Even though we might already be in the market again with the HomeGoods, again, as we've seen our cannibalization when we open up a HomeSense right near a HomeGoods has been close to non-exist if anything we're seeing a slight lift with the HomeGoods so because of differentiation. So again, that's our other vehicle. I know, we don't talk about it as much, but it's been performing well over the last six months.
Kate Fitzsimons: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to ask about SG&A, you spoke about the $270 million of incremental cost this quarter. Clearly you sounds some offsets, so I was just wondering what those were and if there will be ongoing savings? And then secondly, will the entirety of the $270 million COVID costs go away post vaccine?
Scott Goldenberg: So I'll jump in just to start on that and then I think what Ernie was alluded to in terms of the encouraging news on the vaccine is that over time stuff like the COVID costs will slowly get better. But right now, it's too early to say when our COVID costs are going to be decreased in the in-store.
Ernie Herrman: Right, my focus on that statement was more about the sales there. It was really about Lorraine the benefit we're going to see over time, all it needs is a few point swing in consumer comfort, the consumer feeling more comfortable to shop brick and mortar and that literally translates into a few point increased trend in our sales. So that's really what I was referring to.
Scott Goldenberg: But in terms of the COVID costs at this point it's too early to say that we have no plans at this point to be reducing our COVID costs, I mean when they reduce I guess we'll know there when we get there, but we're not going to be doing that until customers are going to be comfortable shopping in our store and taking those cost away. So at this point for the fourth quarter and then we'll address it as we get to year-end, we would expect to have the full amount of COVID cost continue to be implemented. In terms of the offsets to that and the third to fourth quarter, yes, we do have government relief that we've been getting, particularly in the third quarter from Canada and Europe that are still -- that were offsetting the cost unfortunately that will be decreasing in the fourth quarter as we will not have some of the subsidiary -- subsidies that we had in the third quarter so the net will be going up a bit. Also, as we increase our hours, we do -- we are increasing our costs for COVID in the fourth quarter, offsetting some of that is we've had pretty good savings in the third quarter on advertising, travel and other payroll related areas some of which we've talked about as we do have some closure of our fitting rooms et cetera. Some of that will be reduced as we open up the business and are spending money on marketing, we will have less savings so we would expect some of the net cost for COVID to go up in the fourth quarter. But overall, the net COVID costs and why we delevered 160 basis points of SG&A is the COVID costs were up a bit in the third quarter, but still we didn't have enough savings to offset that.
Ernie Herrman: If I could just also jump in Lorraine. One thing we're conscious about where we think it's a benefit to us coming out of this is really the last and we want to give up the strangely enough on the COVID cost is because we're getting a lot of credit with the consumer on our safety measures that we put in and with our associates, and then we get this from survey data where we're surveying constantly in different stores throughout the country and we're getting high scores which is one reason we think we're doing as well as we are actually. We believe our sales wouldn't be this good if the customers that are willing to shop brick and mortar right now are coming into us and based on the surveys that we've been doing are feeling safe and the experience of safe and organized. And so we know we're spending to do that, I'm almost looking at that spend is, yes, safety for our customers and our associates number one priority, it's almost indirectly a marketing business getting spend at the same time and I think that's going to plant a loyalty issue with customers coming out of this as we move forward. So to Scott's point, we are not -- on the COVID costs we're not letting go off those too quickly because we think it's helping our top line.
Lorraine Hutchinson: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez [Citi]. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey guys, thanks. A couple of quick ones. Ernie, you mentioned you signed up hundreds of new vendors this year. I think you do that every year, so I'm curious if you've seen any difference in the vendors that are coming on board with you haven't come categorize them versus what you would see in a normal year? And Scott, payables, inventory relationship looks a little out of whack, just curious if that's something that'll go back into normal, if so when and where there were something that has changed as a result of this environment and that will continue to benefit you in future quarters? Just those two items. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Paul. So the first one, very good merging question. Yes, there is a little different complexion on the new vendors because what's happening is they have tended -- on the new ones have tended to not be the big, huge, enormous household name vendors. They've been some of the more we would call them icing more niche type vendors that add a nice flavor to our mix because some of those vendors where historically they haven't had that many goods or the need because they're not huge vendors, but they give a nice eclectic excitement level to our mix. So it's been really need for us to -- and I get recaps frequently from the divisions, it's shown that we've really opened some vendors recently and we didn't think there were many vendors left that we weren't doing business with, but there are some of these niche vendors that we've actually been doing more business with in the last quarter that are making up more of those new vendor numbers then we had had before, whereas before you would have -- we'd open up more of the mainstream guys always new. Now, we've had some of these more special guys sometimes not huge quantity, by the way, but it's great because you feel there is a relationship that just started that should benefit us next year and the year after. So great, great question. It is a way -- because it's not just about the numbers, to your point, it's about the quality of who we're opening up.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes and Paul in terms of the overall inventory levels. I think, as Ernie said, we started to get to the level at the stores that we wanted to be, I think store inventories will still remain lighter than last year primarily due to social distancing and having planning our inventory ourselves lower than last year. So I think that will remain probably pretty constant and we're still chasing the good so we're -- overall DC level inventories will be lighter than at the end of the year than they were in the previous year. I think they will go down a bit from where we are now as going back to some of the efforts to Ernie alluded to in terms of mitigate the impact that the supply chain has, but overall we'll go down, but we will still not have the same levels. Just to be clear when you looked at the two previous years, we had some fairly significant inventory increases that we're going against and some of that was in the distribution center. So, when you look at it on a two or three year stack, it's not as different but I would say the big difference is just we'll have less distribution center inventory than we normally would have, and I think the overall freight aspects of it, we're going to be getting better, but it's still, as you probably heard from others the -- some of the capacity and other freight issues were not going away. I think we're just doing a good job paying for it to get the inventory into our locations this year.
Paul Lejuez: Scott, I was also asking about the payable relationship, inventory niche you've seen something change there on a more permanent basis or if that degradation that ratio might go back to something more normal?
Scott Goldenberg: That will be what we've seen is we had increase some of our payable terms across the board. We have decreased them but still at levels higher than what we well they normally would have pre-COVID that would be, to be determined, as we go through the next year. So obviously a lot as I in the prepared remarks said, a lot of our benefit had to do with the A, lower inventory levels but also significantly higher payables balance. That should start to normalize and that -- and some of that will flip as we move into next year. So it'll still be a bit higher in terms of the terms but it is going down.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good Luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger [Morgan Stanley]. Your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thank you so much. Ernie the long-term benefits in terms of just the positioning of the business was very, very clear. And obviously here in Q3, we saw exactly how resilient the business is, so it makes a lot of sense. I wanted to ask you about two things. First, the operating margin in the quarter even with the incremental COVID costs and I understand Scott that were a couple of different discrete items that benefited gross margin, but the operating margin on the business here in the third quarter was very much in line with what you've delivered for the last two years in the third quarter. So I'm wondering if there has been any learning in -- through this COVID period or any kind of efficiencies that you've been able to glean that would potentially allow you to deliver higher margins post COVID than pre-COVID?
Ernie Herrman: Right. See yes so Kimberly I get exactly where you're getting -- obviously, we're very pleased with the margin coming out of this. One of the dynamics that's going on to help offset the COVID cost is the extremely healthy merchandise margin, which the question is when we come out of COVID, will that still be to that degree and it's kind of a, you're in a weird situation where we're taking advantage of coming out of COVID and we're still doing this now as well as we look out what we've placed the opportunities in the marketplace at the mark-up, I think that Scott referred to has just been very advantageous. Do we believe there is some of that opportunity in the future? I believe there is some of it because we will mean more now even more than we did before to many of these vendors because of so many of the brick and mortar, guys going out and we're so branded focused. So if you're a key branded player and you want to deal with a solid retailer who is also again not very visible with the product, right, and it's part of a treasure hunt shopping experience, I believe there will be some benefits still going forward. I just don't think we will be able to maintain as to this degree. However, do I think we've learned some things from it to probably come out of this and say, hey, we've learned some ways to buy and work with certain vendors and inventory levels by the way Kimberly, to your point that maybe we can help with our markdown rates even a little more than we thought. I think all of our teams would say yes to those things. And so I think on the merchant side, which is a big chunk of what allowed us to deliver the margins right, Scott, in the quarter. I think we did have some pretty good learnings. I just don't know if we can move it to that degree on the margin rates over there long, long-term. Over the next few years, I think, yes, some good learning. Good question.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think on the expense side, it's a mixed bag. I mean a lot of the savings that we got in the second and third quarters were due to just shutting things down that would not necessarily be good for the business for in a looking out over a couple of years such as some of the advertising and capital and others which really cut to the bone which certainly we've benefited by. There are certainly areas that will be less, I don't think there are hundreds of millions of dollars like on travel and others which we will certainly have learned and we'll certainly do different things and some occupancy and other things which will benefit us in the very long term. But on the other hand, there are costs such as whether its wages in the distribution center or freight costs which are to be determined whether they are going to -- are they incrementally up and on what that growth will be like. So a net-net it's still -- it's -- we're still not -- it's not clear exactly how it's all going to play out.
Ernie Herrman: Especially, on the expense side.
Scott Goldenberg: On the expense side.
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, whereas on the merchandise margin side, I think, yes, there is definitely some learnings and more tangible things we can look to the future and say we should be able to use some of that for the future. I think the expense items are a little.
Scott Goldenberg: Right. I do think given our cash position and we'll have to see it's an uncertain environment, but we'll have to see how, where we end up at the end of the year going into the first quarter, but given the strength of our balance sheet at the moment, we certainly took on the COVID debt that we did in the early April timeframe that certainly we would look to as we're doing in the marketplace today, we would look longer term to try to delever the balance sheet as we move through next year and getting rid of some of those incremental interest costs that we had.
Kimberly Greenberger: That's great. Thank you for that color. That was extremely, extremely helpful. And I just wanted to quickly follow-up Ernie on something you said in your prepared remarks, you said something about there are limits on how severely you would be willing to shift your mix of goods in the short term as more people stay at home. And I was just wondering if you could just add a little color to that, that'd be great.
Ernie Herrman: So, we have actually been running on our trending. This is about how drastically would we shift our category mix, right, within the stores and I would tell you that we have, at this point without being too specific, we have been running at a little over half of our business that's being done at this point which is not the case quarter ago, in the hot, what you would call, the hot trending categories or departments within the business, and a lot of those obviously were the ones that we have benefited from a COVID environment. And then the others, so but that still leaves you with a chunk of the store that the one reason we were able to achieve a minus five is we were not -- you can't drop 80% in those other areas of the store, we wouldn't do that we wouldn't only run a minus five does that makes sense. So what I was trying to bring as a balance and in a treasure hunt shopping experience, we wouldn't want our store, we wouldn't want a TJ Maxx or Marshalls to be a home-only store, right, walk-in and that two-thirds of the store is home, that would not be a healthy thing. I'm giving you these extreme cases because I'm trying to answer your question without giving the exact numbers. But little over half of our business was done in the hot trending areas so that was very aggressive we got there very quickly. And then we're going to watch that balance, we actually continue to drive those hot businesses over the next three to six months, but we buy so hand to mouth as you know we can adjust based on trends, but we believe those hot categories will stay hot over the next six months anyway, as Home will go longer than that for sure. We just are trying to do as good as -- our merchants are doing a very good job on the non-trending areas, you would call them, and really trying to do the best mix of excitement in value. And we always talk about good, better and best brands et cetera and levels of product, in all of those areas that even aren't considered hot our merchants have been going out and really trying to deliver a great excitement and do maximize the sales, the demand that's out there, we want to maximize the sales within that demand that's out there on those non-trending areas. So, that's why I was trying to say we want to limit, we don't want to artificially swing a pendulum too far which as you know retailers can do that sometimes, you can get yourself into trouble.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And Kimberly, I would just add to that, that we're on some of those -- both the trending and the non-trending areas we're buying better in both. So one might not expect that, but we are and the second thing is...
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, you can see that Scott has been trying to get closer to the merchandising area of reason.
Scott Goldenberg: I'm not going to take the debate on that on the call, but also I think going back to what Ernie was talking about market share opportunities. Look, as Ernie said, we are still very much in business in many of those non -- in all of those non-trending categories and once customers start coming back both the ones that are in our average basket is up, so the average basket up is because they're curating their business to go a little less once they get more comfortable and don't want we're going to have more shopping visits from our existing, let alone the new customers, but once the customers who have been shopping come back in some of these non-trending categories they are shopping elsewhere, it was mentioned earlier, whether it's online or at the mass merchants, and I think those -- a lot of that those that benefit that others are getting, they're going to be shopping and getting going to our store for the values we have in those not trending categories. So, I think we will get market share back not just from the closed stores, but from others.
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely.
Scott Goldenberg: Who have benefited that once customers shop more in and want to and are comfortable going and doing multiple visits. We're going to get more than our fair share.
Kimberly Greenberger: Excellent. Thank you, both.
Operator: The final question of the day comes from Alexandra Walvis [Goldman Sachs]. Your line is open.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning, thanks for taking my question here. I had two questions, so one on HomeGoods, any thoughts at this stage on this -- on the potential for that online business as impacts as a percentage of the total and anything on the margin implications of that and given the cost of shipping some of that Home products? And then my second question which is a follow-up on this great discussions, Scott any thoughts at this stage on how much of the headwind that could be in the medium term as we go into next year or a little too early to talk about that?
Ernie Herrman: Okay. I will -- okay, so on HomeGoods I want to make sure I know I heard the first part. So we are -- so this is so early, so we're going to -- we're planning right now on launching HomeGoods.com in the back half of next year. And so right now, obviously, it is not something we would be giving our numbers out as to what we're expecting to do for business. Again what I would say is we're hoping it's going to be complementary to our stores because the way we might orchestrate HomeGoods.com will be different than some other home retailers because we have so many brick and mortar HomeGoods stores where we feel we can encourage a visit based on an online purchase and encourage not just the return but a potential visit to the store as well, as well as obviously do straightforward HomeGoods purchases. So, we're still again very pretty much a year away from the launch of this so we will not have any tangible numbers that we will be giving out on that at this point. And I'm sorry on the second part of the question was that about margins or on HomeGoods or...
Alexandra Walvis: Yes just the margin implications on HomeGoods specifically of building an online business given some of the...
Ernie Herrman: Yes, clearly it is not the same. It is a, I guess you would call it, a de-lever right, Scott to begin with without a doubt. Our mission here though is for the future. Again, it's more of a longer-term play to capture market share over the next five years. And there were so much, it's a bit of a tiger by the tail I would call with HomeGoods anyone that knows HomeGoods customers and their passion for it knows we are I think going to do a decent amount of sales fairly quickly. We're also going to try to help with the profit though we're going to operate this differently. I can tell you this, we're going to set it up where it's being done as a -- we would call it in conjunction with our HomeGoods business where we're going to take inventory that's been bought for HomeGoods and use that to funnel to our online business. So, we're going to be more efficient in the organization that we set up there from a cost perspective, different than most online businesses when you set it up as an entirely separate team. This will have only a small separate team where it's working in conjunction with our planning and our inventory HomeGoods and basically peeling the goods off from that. So that's going to be a really neat approach for us on it; so we're very excited about it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And not to end with negative news on some of the costs, but you alluded to the cost. So two other things one Ernie alluded to is the, probably the biggest one for the quarter is just the fact at the moment that we have 471 stores closed not in our control based on government announcements and current guidelines and they're closed in a point in time right now through sometimes the early December, where that impact is could be 3% to 4% of our sale. So if you do the math that's a significant amount of dollars and it's probably the biggest impact to the fourth quarter. And the second, you alluded to is on freight. Yes, freight cost will be going up. I think right now, we're paying higher rates, this will probably start to -- we will hope go down as we move through next year, but it could be 30 to 40 basis points of incremental deleverage in the fourth quarter. Again, but I think our guys have been doing a great job of getting the product and delivering it to our distribution centers.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Alex.
Alexandra Walvis: Great. Thank you for all the color.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Alex. Okay. So I think we've reached the end of our call. I thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. And from the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well and we wish you good health. Take care everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-08-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies' Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is now being recorded, August 9, 2020. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020 and the Form 10-Q filed May 21, 2020. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited in the violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of the transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Before I speak to our business update, I'd like to comment on the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, and the important issue of racial justice. First, we're thinking of everyone whose lives have been affected by the pandemic, including our associates and their families, customers and the communities we serve. As we navigate this unprecedented environment, I want to emphasize that the health and well being of our associates and customers has been front and center in our decision making. Next, I want to reiterate the important messages we have shared with our associates and customers on supporting racial justice. I want to be very clear that we stand with our black associates, customers and communities and we stand for racial justice. We understand that the diversity of our associate base makes us a stronger company and better able to serve our broad base of customers around the world. Inclusion and diversity have long been a priority at TJX and we recognize more than ever that we need to continue working to do better. We have increased our global efforts by pledging $10 million in grant funding over the next two years to organizations that are actively working on racial justice. Further, we are initiating several programs internally to help us continue to grow a more inclusive and diverse organization across our company. We will continue to share updates on our corporate Web site, tjx.com, where you can also learn more about our existing programs in the inclusion and diversity section. Now to our second quarter discussion and the amazing efforts of our associates. We are very pleased that nearly all of our stores worldwide and each of our online shopping Web sites were open for business by the end of June as we expected. I cannot emphasize enough how proud I am of the work our associates have done to bring us to where we are today. So many people across our organization have worked tirelessly to help us operate safely in the current environment, and welcome our customers back. To temporarily close and then reopen more than 4,500 stores in nine countries and dozens of distribution and fulfillment centers in such a short period of time was a monumental task that was terrifically executed by our teams. I want to specifically highlight the amazing effort and dedication of our store, distribution center and fulfillment center associates worldwide who came to work and kept the business moving forward in these unprecedented times. In recognition of their efforts, we awarded the majority of these associates an appreciation bonus in the second quarter, which will be paid in August. Going forward, we hope to identify more opportunities through the end of 2020 to reward and recognize these associates for their continued contributions to our business. Now to an overview of our second quarter results. For the quarter, there were many positives I want to highlight. First, I am so proud of our One TJX culture. While our stores were closed, our global teams came together and shared their collective knowledge and expertise to reopen the business successfully. Some examples include developing safety protocols and best practices for operating our stores, distribution centers and global offices, leveraging our global buying ops to source merchandise, working together to maintain our excellent longstanding relationships with many of our global merchandise and non-merchandise vendors, and identifying expense and capital savings and prioritizing investments. Second, we generated outstanding cash flow and significantly increased our liquidity during the second quarter, which gives us financial stability and flexibility as we navigate the current landscape. Next, we are very pleased with our second quarter results, particularly given our stores were only open a little more than two-thirds of the quarter. Both our top and bottom lines well exceeded our internal plans. Overall, open only comp store sales were down 3%. We saw very strong initial sales trends across all of our retail banners and countries, and great customer response to our compelling values. While hard to quantify, we believe some portion of this initial strength was due to pent up consumer demand as our average transaction size or basket was significantly higher than usual as shoppers purchase more items per visit. I want to point out that we saw this consumer demand and achieved the sales with little marketing investment in the second quarter. We have been a trusted value leader for more than 40-years. And as we reopened our stores around the world, the response of our customers was beyond what we could have imagined. We have always been grateful for the loyalty of our valued customers. And as we call it, the brand love, we saw from shoppers was absolutely fantastic. Further, what we are hearing from our customers, particularly on social media, has been phenomenal with millions of positive comments during the quarter. Fourth, merchandise margin was excellent. Markdowns were significantly lower-than we anticipated due to the greater-than-expected consumer demand and sales as we reopened our stores. Markdown was also stronger than we anticipated due to better buying, which also allowed us to simultaneously bring great value to our shoppers. Next, throughout the quarter, we saw strength in several categories across the business. We saw especially strong sales at our HomeGoods and HomeSense chains and in our home categories within all of our other chains across our geographies, as demand for home merchandise increased substantially. Specifically, HomeGoods delivered double-digit open only comp sales increases each month of the quarter. Lastly, we are very pleased with the initial safety satisfaction scores from our customers as we reopened stores. We have also seen shoppers make return visits to our stores, which indicates to us that the health and safety protocols we put in place are meeting their expectations. Now to the cadence of sales. Again, initial sales in our reopened stores exceeded our internal plans. Following the wave of strong initial demand, traffic and sales moderated as we moved through the second quarter and into the third quarter. We believe that this was due to a number of COVID-related factors, including the impact on consumer behavior and demand and lighter store inventory than we planned. As we reopened, we weren't able to optimize the inventory flow back to our stores like we would in a normal environment. In addition to delays ramping our business back up, government reopening guidance caused some misalignment in the timing of when we reopened distribution centers and stores, particularly in Canada. Further, our vendors and transportation providers were also ramping their businesses back up, which caused some logistical delays with merchandise arriving to our distribution centers. We have put strategies in place to mitigate some of these inventory delays going forward. Although, overall inventory was lighter-than we would have liked, we were very happy with the productivity of our store inventory and our turns were very healthy. As we look to the third quarter, one of our priorities is to be there for our customers when they are ready to be out there shopping. We are convinced that there is plenty of consumer demand for wide selection of merchandise and great values across all of our banners. We were pleased to see our overall customer satisfaction scores increase as we moved through the quarter. As to our merchandise mix, we are staying flexible as always and making adjustments to pivot more to the hot categories and trends that consumers want. We are not at our optimal mix yet but have made great progress in flexing our buying dollars into these hot categories in a short period of time. We believe there's a long runway ahead of our home and other hot categories, and we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of these opportunities. We are confident that we can continue to make improvements to our mix in the third quarter and offer shoppers compelling values. Overall products availability remains excellent. We are seeing new vendors across all categories and across good better and best brands reach out to do business with us. Further, we believe the robots availability will likely lead to opportunistic pack away opportunities across our divisions. While we are seeing great overall availability, there is not as much product as we would like in some of the hotter categories we are chasing. I want to be clear that we believe this is a short-term issue. We continue to buy extremely well, which we believe bodes well for our third quarter mark-on and our ability to offer consumers exciting values on high quality branded merchandise. Also in the third quarter, we plan to restart our television and digital marketing campaigns. The campaigns our marketing team have planned for the back half of this year are terrific and will highlight our excellent values. We'll be spending less but leveraging our dollars and the strengths of our retail brands together in a multi banner campaign in the U.S. and Canada. We believe we have the right mix of television and digital advertising plans to capture the attention of new consumers, while staying top of mind with our existing customers. Moving to our medium and long-term outlook. I want to emphasize why we are confident that we can capture market share and continue our successful growth around the world whenever the environment normalizes. First is our value mission. We believe consumers desire for value will remain as important as ever beyond the health crisis, and amazing value has been the core of our business for over four decades. Second, our flexibility is a tremendous advantage. Our flexible store formats allow us to chase the hot categories as we respond to consumer preferences and market trends. Next, we are convinced that our longstanding vendor relationships will continue to serve us extremely well. We work very hard to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with a universe of over 21,000 vendors and want to be their first call when they have off price opportunities. Further, we believe the global nature of our buying organization with 16 buying offices around the world and more than 1,100 associates sourcing merchandise from 100 plus countries will allow us to leverage the best opportunities wherever they present themselves and offer consumers terrific value. Fourth, we believe the appeal of in store shopping is not going away. Many shoppers continue to be attracted to the experience of walking our stores to discover something new and be inspired, and to assess the quality of the merchandise firsthand. Our customers have told us that our treasure hunt shopping experience is a source of entertainment and a way for them to have a release and some feel good me time. Next, we continue to serve a very wide customer demographic and see great potential to continue our global store growth long-term. A vast majority of our stores are in high traffic and off-mall locations, which are easy to access and provide consumers with the convenient and efficient way to shop. And lastly, we believe that once more customers are comfortable with in-store shopping again, we will be in a great position to gain market share as we have done from many years. As other retailers continue to close stores, we are confident we'll be able to capitalize on real estate opportunities for our global store growth and capture a larger piece of the consumers' wallet. We have great confidence that the characteristics and strengths of our business will continue to serve us well over the short, medium and long-term. I know we all very much look forward to the day when the environment normalizes. And when it does, we believe we will be an even stronger company and in an excellent position to continue offering consumers exciting brands and amazing values. In closing, I want to reiterate my appreciation to all of our associates worldwide who have done extraordinary work to reopen our operations. Even in this highly uncertain environment, we have great confidence in the future of this great business. TJX is a fundamentally strong company with a successful track record that spans over four decades, including several recessions. Further, the depth and experience of our management bench with their decades long tenures at TJX truly sets us apart and something I see as another major advantage. I can assure you that our entire team is focused on preserving the strength and stability of the Company in the near term, while simultaneously strategizing for the long-term. As we have seen throughout our history, we learn and adapt to market disruptions and we are confident we can leverage those learnings to drive our success in the future. We feel very good about the enduring competitive strengths of our business model and our long-term opportunities to keep bringing great values to consumers around the world. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for a financial update and then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie, and good morning everyone. I'd like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank all our global associates for getting us to where we are today. Their dedication and flexibility over the last five months is truly appreciated. I'll start today with some additional details of our second quarter results. As Ernie mentioned, we were very pleased with our second quarter results, particularly given that our stores were only open a little more than two thirds of the quarter. Overall and top and bottom line exceeded our internal plans with sales across each of our divisions higher than we anticipated. Overall, open only comp stores were down 3%. Although, customer traffic was down significantly, average customer basket increased significantly as consumers responded to our great values and put more items in their carts. As to conversion in our stores where we can measure it, it was up. Again, merchandise margin was excellent, driven by strong mark on and lower mark downs than we anticipated. Moving to the bottom line, I want to mention that our second quarter loss per share includes a significant negative impact from tax expense. This tax expense was primarily driven by tax loss carry back benefit that was booked in the first quarter and was reversed in the second quarter due to our better than expected results. As to our second quarter inventory, the decline was due to a combination of factors. First, we intentionally planned lower store inventory levels, primarily to promote associate and customer safety through social distancing, like fewer racks to have wider aisles in our stores. Second, we had stronger than expected sales in the second quarter, which created a need to replenish store inventories faster than we had anticipated. Lastly, we also had some delays in flowing inventory back to stores as Ernie spoke to. To reiterate, overall availability of merchandise in the marketplace is excellent and was not a factor in the lower inventory levels for the quarter. Now I want to spend a moment on some expense items. Again, I want to highlight that we were very pleased with our bottom line. During the second quarter, we continued to operate the business under tight expense controls. Through our One TJX lens, all of our divisions have collaborated to find ways to minimize costs without compromising the health of the Company. In the second quarter, we realized significant cost savings from the work we did in the first quarter to strengthen our liquidity. Similar to the first quarter, expenses were also reduced due to government credits, primarily related to paying our associates while stores were closed. These expense savings were more than offset by several incremental costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic, most of which we had anticipated. These included incremental payroll investments in our stores for enhanced cleaning and monitoring capacity, payroll for store associates we kept active to support the business, while stores were temporarily closed, incremental expense related to the second quarter associate appreciation bonus that Ernie referenced earlier and personal protective equipment for our associates. Without these expenses, our bottom line would have been much better. It is also important to highlight again, that we were only open for a little more than two thirds of the quarter and we still incurred expenses during that time when we were closed. These included store associate payroll when we were closed as well as rent, utilities and depreciation. As a reminder, about 65% of our expenses, excluding merchandise costs, are fixed that we can't pull back on when we're closed. Lastly, the lower inventory levels resulted in a greater proportion of our distribution and buying costs being expensed in the quarter, which we would not expect to repeat for the rest of the year. Looking at the remainder of the year, we expect incremental net costs related to COVID of approximately 250 basis points in both the third and fourth quarter, which does not include incremental interest expense. This estimate includes expenses for our ongoing COVID related payroll and associated personal protective equipment. Further, we are now expecting incremental freight costs and expenses related to additional third party providers that will help our North American distribution centers process goods. Additionally, as Ernie already mentioned, we hope to identify more opportunities through the end of 2020 to reward and recognize our store distribution and fulfillment center associates. Now I'd like to walk through our second quarter cash flow and our current liquidity position. During the quarter, we generated $3.4 billion of operating cash flow. The primary driver was sales flow through as the merchandise sold in the second quarter was mostly paid for in the first quarter. Further, the merchandise, our buyers bought in the second quarter will mostly be paid for in the third quarter. We also maintain tight expense and capital spending controls during the quarter. With our strong second quarter cash flow generation, we paid off the $1 billion we drew down from our revolving credit facilities back in March 2020. Further, at the beginning of the third quarter, we increased the amount of borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities by $500 million, and now have a total of $1.5 billion available to us. We ended the second quarter in a strong liquidity position with $6.6 billion in cash. Given the current environment, we will continue to be prudent with our expenses, capital spending and shareholder distributions. In fiscal 2021, we now expect capital spending to be approximately $600 million to $800 million, up from our previous range of $400 million to $600 million, as we resume some of our distribution center and systems investments to support our long-term growth plans. Regarding shareholder distributions, we're not planning any further stock buybacks this year. Also at this time, we do not expect to declare dividend in the third quarter, but remain committed to paying shareholder dividends over the long-term. Lastly, for the third quarter, we're planning overall open only comp store sales to decrease in the range of 10% to 20%, which is in line with the sales trends we've seen since the middle of July and the beginning of August. This wide sales plan reflects the uncertainty of the current environment and the difficulty in forecasting the impact of the global pandemic on consumer behavior, demand and traffic, as well as an anticipated slower back to school selling season. Further, due to this uncertainty, we are not providing any additional guidance for the third quarter or financial outlook for fiscal 2021 at this time. Wrapping up, we are pleased with our second quarter sales and our improved financial position. In these times, we believe we are taking the right approach to planning our business and maintaining a solid balance sheet. To reiterate Ernies points, the entire TJX management team has great confidence that we will successfully navigate through this environment. And whenever it normalizes, we believe TJX will be an even stronger company. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep this call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to ask -- it sounds like -- just putting all the pieces together that sales are being impacted by timely inventory flow to stores. Also, I think Ernie, you said in some hot categories, there's not as much inventory available in the marketplaces as you would like or as the demand would suggest. So I'm just wondering as you look forward over the next one, two, three, four months. Is there a point in time this calendar year where you think you get back into equilibrium where in-store inventory levels are sort of appropriate and flowing in a timely manner so that you can meet all of the consumer demand that's out there? Or do you think that we're really looking at maybe Q1 of next year for that normalization process? Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Great questions, Kimberly. Let's start with the -- so your question about inventory and then the hot categories not having as much availability in some of those, those are a piece of what's going on. But the other thing and we talk about it, we don't give a number is, there's a reduced foot traffic in our stores, that's really the biggest piece of this right now. I would say it's -- so there's a handful of things, which we did mention in the script. We just -- I don't think in the script we can get out in terms of the priority as much, or the ratio of the impact. But right now, the number one thing is consumers on non-essential categories, so non-trending categories, which I would say is more of your -- some of your apparel, more traditional casual or career related apparel, this is no secret for anybody across any retailers. Those areas are weak and the foot traffic coming in the store to begin with is off, because you only need say one out of every, say you had one out of every seven or eight customers, of the normal customer traffic that just aren't comfortable right now going to the brick and mortar. So right there, Kimberly, I think you have a chunk and that's probably a number, it's hard for us to measure it but that is from what we can see on the footfall of every reason. Now go to the other two things you brought up, both are accurate. We were on the inventory and we might as well go -- you're asking the question -- I figured we get these questions from a few of you. On the inventory, so here's how it kind of went. When we have the shutdown and then we were shutdown for those weeks. When we went to ramp up, I would say some of this on ramping up had to do less at the time has to do with actual availability of goods and more on actually getting the goods here. And then I guess in hindsight, we would say we probably -- yes. Could we have started pulling the trigger and buying a couple of weeks sooner? In hindsight, I would say that's accurate. The only thing is with all the variables at the time, we weren't running to just -- until we could get a run rate post the pent up demand run rate, which obviously as we talked last time, we were being very cautious about how strong was the runway when you got a couple months later and sure enough, you do have a foot traffic slowdown coming into the stores. So we got impacted by the inventory. Part was availability. More of it was just getting it here. And part of it then was also what had happened on getting it here and this is what's also been going on now as we enter the third quarter, vendors have had a hard time ramping up and shipping goods. So in their warehouses, they had to, as you can imagine, social distance and their productivity are their DCs, has also held back the ability for us to pick the goods up as quickly as normal once we write the order. So that's an interesting dynamic we haven't run into before. I believe that starts to go away over the next month or two as they figure out how to work more efficiently. And then your second question about hot categories. Yes. We've got some pockets in our hot categories of business. So in home, which clearly is a top performer for us and we are going to push more of our on order for the future into home. As you would expect, we still will not be picture perfect there, because there are some categories that we will probably not catch in the third quarter. Now your last part of the question I guess part three, Scott will scold you, because you've had three questions actually but that's okay. But we understand they're all connected actually. So the third part is, we think we will actually make more progress into the fourth quarter versus the first quarter. So you were talking about, now, do we think the availability for first quarter next year is tremendous? Absolutely. Because of the way all of the retailers had a shut down, which has resulted in tremendous packaway opportunities, which our merchants have really recently started taking advantage of. We actually hadn't taken advantage of them back a month ago. So, if you look a few weeks ago, we were actually down in our packaways, but we have very quickly in the last few weeks already started buying tremendous packaways for next first quarter. So I think all of these availability issues are really behind us for first quarter of next year. It's the transition third quarter, we're going to have some pockets of challenge for sure on inventory. We think by mid quarter, by the way, we're going to be in much better shape than we are now. But we're not going to be at last year levels by any means. We'll be somewhere in between is what Scott and I have looked at. And then when we get to the fourth quarter, I think we'll be in better shape again. I would tell you a driver is foot traffic. I will also tell you, we have the utmost of confidence that as we go through this and we start to come out midterm into next year given all the store closure, we just think we are going to begin to take major market share as little-by-little consumers get more comfortable going to nonessential retailers and little-by-little as we get to a more normalized environment, we think that's when we start to take up a lot of the market share from store closures and everything else that's going on around us, as well as home business and some of the other hard categories, which we haven't identified today. Sorry for the long-winded message, but your question kind of encompassed everything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez: Ernie, just curious you talked a little bit about the packaway merchandising. I'm curious based on what you're paying for that merchandise as to turn that on again. What are the expected margins on that product relative to what you might normally see for packaway merchandise? And then just second, curious you just talked about that down 10% to 20%. Are you buying inventory to that sort of comp level and managing expenses to that level and how quickly can you react to sales coming stronger than planned? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Let's take one at a time, Paul. So, yes, we are buying to that kind of level. But knowing how nimble we are with our flex -- and how flexible this business model is, once we see -- once we get to the more normalized inventory level, which again, we're hoping to get there in about a month, we will then be able to judge our inventory relationship to sales relative to the foot traffic. And from there we can start to decide, should we inch up the inventory even a little bit more, or a little bit less. But to your point, yes, that's where we're headed. And that is why we're giving you this range, because it's a wide range, as Scott is always saying, we could drive a truck through this thing in terms of -- because the variables in terms of traffic is what we can't control. So, we're controlling the controllables, which we feel great about. Ill tell you the other thing we feel great about is our inventory in the store that turns, and I mentioned it in the script. So here's the really healthy barometer. We are turning extremely healthy. And our inventory that's in the store, even the lean inventories, are really -- and most of our divisions were turning faster than last year. And the inventory -- the turn numbers, which we won't give you are very fast. So the customer is loving what we have in the stores. The productivity is great. We were just getting hit with not as many people walking in the store right now and we need that to normalize. But we are certainly, when she or he is in, they are buying, which is always a great barometer. So I think I answered the second. The margin question, which was your first. So the packaways, and I'm going to let Scott jump in on some other bigger picture margin. But we have been taking advantage of these market opportunities of packaways and the mark-on has been very healthy. Again, we can't give the number but it has been, I would say, significantly above last year on what we would normally have for mark-on on our packaways. The problem is packaways are still just a small number, but it's an indicator, because our off price goods and as Scott mentioned, our merchandise margin has been very healthy to begin with. So those evolved and we're happy with our merchandise margin. It's the top line traffic that we're more focused on right now. Scott, do you want to?
Scott Goldenber: Yes, first, just going back to Ernie's comment on the packaway, in the packaway inventory. Just at the end of July where Ernie said, because it's really just recently as he indicated that we've been buying the packaways and actually over the last few weeks, have been buying more packaway in the same time as last year. But at the end of the second quarter, the packaway -- since we we're not buying it early on or most of the quarter, it costs us 5% of the delta on the balance sheet just for the packaway difference. So we still were down considerably in inventory but that was certainly a piece of it. In terms of the -- your question about sales and all that, yes, we are certainly rightsizing the expenses to match the volumes in the stores, in the payroll. I think the overall approach is, we've spent a lot of time and money to comply with some of the COVID standards and customer safety. Certainly that's -- I think we've been doing a good job, it does -- it is -- and is costly to us and indicated that in the 250 basis points. But I think we're getting very -- as Ernie indicated, we're getting high marks in our OSAT scores on the customer safety aspect of it. So when customers are visiting the store, they like what we are doing and we are going to continue to do that. The people that are not coming back, we believe safety is still an issue. And that hopefully over time when they -- if they do try us and that they'll see what we're doing and they'll be comfortable, we're certainly convinced that we're doing the right thing there. In terms of customers, when Ernie said when they're coming back, again, it's a short period of time, but we're very pleased that a large -- and that's a large number of people that are coming back. The repeat visitations and the mirror -- they're mirroring what they did before pre-COVID in terms of the amount of visits based on the time that we're seeing. And clearly, we're very pleased with the home and the home only businesses where they're being viewed as an essential business as their traffic and volumes are not that far off from pre-COVID trends. In terms of when you looking at the overall -- and I'm not giving guidance, margins, but we've taken a strategic expense to cost management. So, at lower sales volumes, we're obviously the biggest deleverage on our SG&A and on our cost of sales is going to be due to having lower sales volumes not that we having cut costs. For example, we cut our SG&A costs significantly on a per store basis almost 17% in the second quarter, but not enough to offset the $3 billion in sales. So, I think we did a real good job. And as Ernie said, we believe we're going to get back and gain back to market share more, so we are not going to be cutting costs and cut cost to the bone that would impact our medium and long-term -- our long-term ability to operate. So, I think we're doing it pretty good job. As Ernie mentioned in the marketing, our marketing is less but we're doing more ways like running the tri-brand in Canada and United States to leverage what we are doing. So, yes, there will be a deleverage just due to the sales, but I think we are saving meaningful amount of costs.
Ernie Herrman: If I can just jump in there, Paul. The amount of social and many of you've probably seen at the social media that circulated from our customers the passion and the devotion to shopping our stores and you could absolutely get. You could feel the entertainment value and how they -- these are the ones that had obviously come into our stores during the second quarter. So that was really great authentic viral marketing that we were very pleased with. The other thing as Scott mentioned our payroll. And the thing I would like to point out is our mindset has been to come out of this whole situation when the business and the environment, the retail environment normalizes. We're doing everything spending now not looking at it as a short term. We're looking at what benefit does it pay back later? So one of the things on payroll, I was just in five -- I went to every one of our brands the other day domestically, and then every one of those stores, we have had and many of you might have experienced. We have greeters at the front of the store ensuring and presenting a comfort and safety presence as well as customer service. But every one of the stores we went in, they did not and why it was coming had two leaders actually in the front of the store. And we believe the part of our OSAT scores, Karen Coppola, our Head of Marketing who is very involved in this. We believe that those OSAT scores are pretty high because we're showing. And we believe this is for the future showing that safety is a priority for us. And we are thinking as customers get more comfortable that's going to help. So I wanted to highlight that as a midterm benefit we think coming out of this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks good morning. Noting that you've paid down the revolver this quarter as the cash flow is stronger than expected. Can you just update us on any thoughts around the dividend at this point?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, we have ongoing discussions with the board on those issues. I think given -- we are certainly extremely pleased both payback and then enhance the revolver. It's just too early at this point. I think we'll be in better position either at the end of the third quarter at the end of the year to address it. Clearly if our cash flow continues to improve and our overall cash levels, and obviously, we will certainly be re-examining that, but we'd like to get a little further on this year, before we make any final decisions. I think it's Aaron and I've talked about long-term we are very convinced we'll get back to the normal cadence just right now. We're being a little prudent and certainly probably than we started to do it this quarter with enhancing or increasing our capital expenditures. That would probably still be the next thing we would put more money into to support and grow the business and then obviously dividends would shortly follow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Trussell. Your line is open.
Paul Trussell: I wanted to ask about the meaningful sales spread, between the different divisions, and see if you can maybe dig in and give a little bit more detail, particularly the strength in home goods and whether you see maybe at least somewhat sustained into this quarter, maybe dig into some of the issues in Canada, and just any other color on our international environment that will be really appreciated?
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Paul. So first of all, let's start at the top of the sales trend as you just talked about. So home goods, but first of all, yes, we think that will continue not just to the next quarter, but through the fourth quarter as well and into next year, the dynamic of. Well, as you know, we have a tremendous business in home goods. It's been a fast growing business, pre-COVID. But now you have based on the behaviors of the consumer right now, going on externally with more people staying at home. And even if businesses reopen, if you have more people virtually working from home is the future might indicate, we believe home goods will continue. We are executing well. We are figuring out the flow there to improve from our current inventory position. Having said that even with our current inventory position, their inventory has been very productive and we are very happy with the sales. We just think there's more sales and market share, up for grabs in the home area. And we think home goods are well positioned to do that. So I think you don't need any color as far as that. Now let me go the other way, Canada, on the other hand, which you mentioned, we were very slow out of the box because we had a distributor. First of all, they had less when we finally opened and about, I think 75% of the chain, Scott, I think we opened up there when we finally opened, we did not have as much merchandise already sitting there in the distribution centers or in the pipeline going from distribution centers to stores and our distribution center there was not allowed to open for another few weeks, three weeks, I believe from the stores. So that really put pressure on our sales up there. And to this day we're still really behind on our inventory position there. We actually, I give that team a lot of credit within a matter of a few weeks. They went out and got additional processing help from a third party to help with the addition shall be given the social distancing that's required which had lowered productivity and our current facilities. We had gone out and very quickly got a third party to help and so their production going forward looks much better. But that's really the number one reason that they are such a spread relative to the other divisions. Then you go to Europe and Europe was a bit of a different tale and that they, we opened in Germany first and waves and sales were very strong, not the similar trends that in the states, at the first opening we're running big increases and then in the UK similar situation and then it got to the point where chasing the inventory again right going back but their trends we've been pretty happy with the trends over in Europe. I would say our division that right now we're trying to get back on track as fastest is Canada, so, and then our online businesses have been as you would guess, have been doing, had strong business, but again, they are only a small percent of our total. So that really doesn't move anything in the total in any big direction right now. So that's, I think when you look out you see Canada is getting better home goods will get even stronger Marmaxx is so the last one is Marmaxx has saying you know all the dynamics initially and then they had hit with a bit of an inventory challenge there. And we have the footfall challenge there which I think will still continue for a number of months. However, what we are doing the number one thing in Marmaxx very aggressive is putting our funding over the next three to six months into the hot categories and taking down we are take defunding and taking down the inventory in the softer areas. So that we think is going to bode well and those maximizing the sales within Marmaxx over the next three to six months, and we feel good about that strategy as we go into next year because Marmaxx, as you know, can do a pretty significant home business, as well as a few other departments there, which we won't say that are also keeping they're very hot now also that we think we can use to help increase Marmaxx sales. So I think that answers it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager.
Mark Altschwager: Some other retailers have discussed expectations for an earlier start to the holiday season. What are your thoughts there and how are you planning for it? And just any thoughts on how that might drive some go forward into Q3 versus Q4?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, interesting question Mark. We talked about that, and we've heard about that. So what we do is we will ship and this applies to all four of our brick and mortar divisions. Clearly we will ship some of the different holidays fairly early. We've always done that to get a read on whether then we, because we have a fair amount of it in our warehouse that we can then. As opposed to other retailers that ship, when they receive the goods in the distribution and they ship it right to the source. We have the, not a luxury but we have the flexibility to start shipping goods to the stores and then based on the, if more of the business is coming earlier, we can then ship more than we had planned on because we already own it, ironically in the seasonal businesses. So, we've heard it our planning areas. In fact, we've had a recent discussion in our couple of divisions hear about getting a read early enough to see if we can pull some of that business earlier. I have to tell you, we're not, I don't know about that theory though. I don't know why, I understand that people would like that to be to maybe help have a social distancing for the fourth quarter I just don't know if the consumers are going to, if they will represent that very, I don't know if they're going to behave that way necessarily. And with, if there's a lot of unemployment still, I do question the urge to shop earlier when in theory, some things could be better value the later they shop. So, great question, though. There has been a fair amount of press on that.
Deb McConnell: Jordan, do we have next questions?
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis. Your may ask your question.
Alexandra Walvis: I wanted to ask again on the comments that you made early on the product availability in certain categories. You mentioned there wasn't so much availability in some of the topic categories, but do you expected that to improve as we as we move through the years. I wonder, if you could elaborate a little more on what types of categories those are. And then help us to understand what's causing it, is it a very strong sell-through in those categories elsewhere in the market. Is it more a case of certain vendors cutting their own orders into the second half? And then it will give you confidence that you can, that there will be more variability in those categories going forward?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Alex. So it isn't a significant number of categories, it's only a small portion because -- and we know that because every week we track the dollars that we buy close in. And we are buying a significant portion of what we think we would buy within the major categories in a family of business. So it's not significant, but it's enough that it won't be as perfect as we would like and won't maximize every single dime. Having said that, I think we are going to be 95% getting what we would think we want in the hot categories. Now to your other question, we don't actually give what categories we're having gap since as far as you can imagine for competitive reasons. And then why we think this has happened is pretty simple. So this is where why we think it also gets better as you get to Q4 and then specifically Q1 becomes a non-issue is when COVID first started and a lot of the retailers had to stop taking orders, a lot of the manufacturers stopped the early fall or fall on order in certain categories. So all that happened is they stopped buying on their end. So naturally it wouldn't be because other people are taking, it's because the vendors, in many cases, stopped buying the imports. Do you see what I'm saying? So that's really the driver in most situations why that happened. But then as everyone has opened back up starting in the May-June and they start to see a run rate, there's a high confidence level that they will be back to placing more. And as you get to fourth quarter and really first quarter, there should be more than plenty. By the way, now back to your availability question. Availability right now is extremely high. When I point that out, it's only in some certain categories may be that we are not going to find some goods. Having said that, let me be clear, there is more out there than we could buy in total. So it's just -- it may not come exactly by category and some of the categories we normally would have been chasing. So it's not going to be a strategically by category or is perfect by category would be a better way of saying it. But in total, more than we can buy, even I mean right now more than we can buy.
Scott Golderberg: Yes, and just to reiterate a little what Ernie said, Alex, is that they -- what Ernie was referring to is we're committed in terms of as a percent of what we would normally buy through the third quarter, similar to the last year at this point. So we're placing, getting the goods. And in fact, over the last few weeks, we have been placing a significant amount of goods. And if anything...
Ernie Herrman: Actually more than last year.
Scott Golderberg: Significantly more than last year. Part of that I think is a little -- as Ernie said, a little catch up, but I think we're ordering at the rate that in another week or two will be significant ahead. Some of that is planned because there are, Ernie indicated earlier, some longer lead times. But we've now started to catch that and hopefully we'll totally right-size it very shortly. And so, yes, significantly more orders. So it's not the availability. It's across all of the different banners that we have. And I think we have -- taking advantage of a lot of the benefits that we have. Our buying offices have helped us greatly in terms of global buying offices around the world. So we feel real good about what we've been buying.
Ernie Herrman: And again, we are aiming -- we are focusing, we are placing a disproportionate amount into the hot categories, the trending categories, we call it versus the non-trending. And again, I did mention early, what a couple of you months. You can picture what consumers right now would not be running out to buy, just from the habits all around you and people are not really going to -- they want to be comfortable in the types of clothes they're wearing. They are not wearing anything on the bottom line of borderline of a dress here, type of apparel. And I think that would actually not surprise you. And if you look at the results of the stores, as everyone reports, I think that will mimic when you look at who's doing business where. That will give you a roadmap as to which categories just from a behavior of consumers in this country and the other countries around, and we're seeing similar dynamics across every country we're in.
Operator: Thank you. The final question of the day comes from Jamie Merriman. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much for getting me and fill at the end. Just a clarification. Ernie, I think you talked about seeing different traffic levels at HomeGoods versus Marmaxx. So our traffic levels, have you seen that same drop in footfall at HomeGoods or is it really a Marmaxx issue. And have you seen those traffic levels mirror or sort of spikes in COVID cases? And then I know with home tend to have higher freight costs associated with it, but are there any other factors to keep in mind when it comes to the cost structure of home as a category versus apparel? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, great. Very good questions, Jamie. So traffic levels, let me answer that first, very simply, yes. Traffic footfall just as we've been talking about this entire call is pretty dramatically higher in HomeGoods than it is in Marmaxx, just like you would expect. Again, Marmaxx does have some of the same business, but not nearly like a HomeGoods as you know. We have seen, the second part of your question, the COVID cases. So we have seen, and this applies not just to HomeGoods, it applies to Marmaxx, and Scott I think can talk to this a little. We have in the states where the COVID cases had ramped up. We had a little more of a hit in the footfall in those states, and we could measure it by seeing the sales were a little more impacted in the states where COVID cases ramped up, and there was a direct hit to us there. However, now as those states of leveled off, our traffic decreased relative to the average got better. So those hits have now decreased because those states are starting to moderate. So I think that answers that. Scott, on the freight?
Scott Golderberg: Yes. So yes, exactly. We've been moderating that impact. Still an impact, but it's certainly moderated significantly. The -- I think just an overall in terms of getting at your question of the mix. Some of the mix of the categories, I only want to just mention home, but there are other categories where, as Ernie indicated, chasing the hot categories the cost structure. The biggest difference really is the average retails have been down and would likely be down a fair amount in the third quarter and fourth quarter based on the mix trend. But at this point, we would say that it's kind of a wash that the mark-on that better buying is offsetting the cost for having the mix of the goods. So that's all I have to say about that. So I don't think net-net it's a impact.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Jamie. I would like to wrap up now and thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our third quarter earnings call in November. And from the team here at TJX, amidst everything going on, we hope you all stay well and we wish you good health, and please take care everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-05-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies' First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is now being recorded, May 21, 2020. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2020. Further, these comments, and the Q&A that follows, are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in transcript. Thank you, and now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that our hearts are with everyone around the world who has been affected by the COVID-19 global pandemic. When I last spoke with you in February, we could not have foreseen the magnitude of the impact the pandemic has had on the lives of so many, including our associates and their families, customers, and the communities we serve across the globe. These are unprecedented times, and we have made some very difficult decisions as a management team. At the same time, the efforts of our associates to support each other and the business through this health crisis have been remarkable, and I know we will get through it together. TJX has always been and remains a fundamentally very strong company. Throughout our 43-year history we have weathered many challenging economic and retail environments, and I am convinced that we will navigate through this as well. We have a senior management team with decades of TJX and off-price retail experience, and we are fully dedicated to managing through this crisis. We are confident that our flexible business model and abilities to adapt quickly to changing market conditions and customer preferences are critical strengths as we are reopening our business and planning for the continued successful growth of TJX over the long-term. In a moment I'll speak with you about the strong early results we have seen with our initial reopening which has been great to see especially for the teams working so hard on the preparations, as well as our associates who are welcoming back our customers. Moving to our first quarter results, the first quarter began with very strong sales and traffic trends, continuing the earlier strong fourth quarter trends. For the month of February, we delivered a 5% consolidated comp increase driven by customer traffic. All four major divisions had a February comp increase of 5% or better. Further, the strong comp trend continued into the first week of March. However, less than two weeks later, sales and traffic trends had fallen dramatically as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic intensified around the world. As a result of this crisis we closed our stores and online businesses in mid March, and saw an unprecedented decline in our first quarter sales. This rapid change to our business underscores the challenges that very healthy companies with strong foundations like ours have faced over the last couple of months. We believe we have taken prudent proactive actions to help ensure we are well positioned to recover from the impact of the health crisis on our business in the near-term, and return to our path for successful growth in the long-term. I'll talk you through some of the significant business actions we have taken, and provide an update on where our business is today. Scott will then give a financial and liquidity update. Okay, I am going to start with our store and associate actions. Beginning in mid March, as part of our response to the health crisis, we closed our stores in all nine countries and our online shopping sites, as well as our distribution centers and offices around the world. To ease some of the financial concerns of our hourly store and distribution associates, we continue to provide pay and benefits through the week ending April 11, and in some cases beyond this where country regulations differed. After that pay cycle, we temporarily furloughed the majority of our hourly store and distribution center associates in the U.S. and Canada, and took comparable actions with parts of our workforce in Europe and Australia. This has been the most difficult of the decisions we have had to make. For eligible impacted associates we have committed to paying their existing benefits, including healthcare during the furlough. Across the company, we kept a large number of associates active to support business continuity and to be well positioned to reopen our operations. We also established several global taskforce teams to help navigate through the crisis. These teams have focused on health protocols for all of our stores and buildings, store and ecommerce reopenings, merchandizing, supply chain, and communications for associates and customers. I want to take a moment to thank these teams and our global associates who are doing excellent work in the midst of this crisis to help our associates return to work and to reopen our stores and operations. I know we are all looking forward to the day when our business is fully open again and we can welcome our associates and customers back worldwide. Now, I'd like to update you on our reopenings. We are pleased that we have reopened as many stores as we have in May, as well as our four of our ecommerce sites -- all four of our ecommerce sites. As of today, we have reopened more than 1,600 stores worldwide. In the U.S., we have fully or partially reopened in 25 states. Internationally, TJX Canada has begun reopening stores in some provinces this week. Our stores in mainland Europe, including Germany, Poland, Austria, and the Netherlands are open, and stores in Australia are also open. Our stores in the U.K. and Ireland remain closed. Over the coming weeks we expect to continue reopening stores in a phased approach around the world, incorporating learnings from our initial stores reopenings. While the situation continues to evolve based on the government guidance we know today, we currently expect that we could be mostly reopened by the end of June. I want to emphasize that if states and countries establish guidelines to reopen we are opening at our own pace. We are incorporating new health and safety practices and protocols for our associates and customers, some of which were detailed in our press release this morning, and are available on our Web sites and store signage. In terms of initial trends, while it is still early and sales could fluctuate, we are pleased with the very strong sales we have seen in stores where we have reopened so far. In fact, for the 1,100-plus stores that have been open for at least a week, sales overall have been above last year across all states in countries where we are open. We believe these strong early trends speak to our values on a wide selection of merchandise serving a wide customer demographic, also the loyalty of our valued customers and pent up demand. Our treasure-hunt shopping experience has always provided retail entertainment with our constantly changing merchandise selections. In today's environment, we believe this kind of shopping experience can serve as a break in the day, and as some "Me time" for our customers, and in the future will continue to be a major draw for consumers to our stores. Also, with the vast majority of our stores located in strip centers and many in close proximity to grocery stores, our store locations are a convenient shopping visit for people making fewer trips from home. In our early results, we are seeing very strong demand at home goods and in our home categories across all of our banners, in addition to a couple of other categories. Again, I want to recognize our teams and our stores and DC associates who have worked so hard to reopen safely and successfully. During the crisis, our marketing team has been thoughtfully engaging with our customers, and as we reopen welcoming them back to our stores. Looking forward, our marketing group is focused on how consumers may want to engage with us in a new landscape, and are planning strategically for our marketing campaigns in the second-half of the year. I am convinced that we will continue be a sought after destination for value-seeking consumers both existing customers and new ones. We have powerful retail brands and deep customer connections. Further in this environment, we believe more consumers may discover our ecommerce sites which could also drive additional visits to our stores as historically a vast majority of returns from our online sites have gone to our stores. With all that said, we also need to think realistically around -- about our business for the remainder of the year. Right now, the majority of our stores remain closed and some states and countries have not set reopening timelines yet. Even when we are fully reopened, it will be very difficult for us to predict consumer behavior and demand as we will still be in a very uncertain environment. Further, we are expecting store operating guidelines to vary substantially across regions, states, and countries which may impact hours of operation and require some capacity limitations. Moving on, I want to spend a momentum on availability. The marketplace is loaded with inventory, and I am convinced that we will have access to plenty of high quality branded merchandize to offer consumers the category they want when they shop us. Our buyers have been in touch with many of vendors throughout this crisis and are staying on top of market and consumer trends. As we outlined in the press release this morning, given the length of time our stores were closed, we took significantly more marked downs than we normally would at this time of year. However, once we cleared through this inventory we are setup very well to start flowing fresher merchandized to our stores. I have great confidence that our buying team will make our stores and online sites compelling for our shoppers. As always, we will stay consistent with TJX's philosophy and offer consumers great value every day. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I want to emphasize that we see the strengths of our flexible value based business model being as important as ever, both in this evolving retail landscape and over the long term. Let me reiterate the key points. We serve a very wide customer demographic with the categories and fashion trends they want. We are 4500 plus stores with a flexibility to expand and contract merchandized departments rapidly depending on consumer preferences and market trends. I want to highlight that approximately 50% of our revenue in 2019 was from non-clothing categories which speaks to our wide assortments. Our world class buying organization has more than 1100 associates, many with decades of experience with TJX. We sourced from a purchase universe of more than 21,000 vendors and have buying offices around the world. We believe that our treasure hunt shopping experience with our off-priced values and every changing selections has always been a tremendous draw as well as shopping entertainment for consumers and that it will continue to be important in an evolving retail landscape. Our distribution network is designed specifically to flex to our off-price buying. We are setup extremely well to receive all sizes and kinds of opportunistic buys and allocate them to our stores with frequent shipments. All of these give us great confidence in our ability to continue offering shoppers a terrific selection of branded fashionable merchandize a great value and then exciting, compelling shopping experience. Now, I will turn the call over to Scott for our financial and liquidity update.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning everyone. I would like to first echo Ernie's comments and thank our global associates for their flexibility, excellent work, and dedication over the past couple of months. I will start today with a high level overview of our first quarter results. Our first quarter results were significantly impacted by the temporary closure of our stores for approximately half the quarter due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our revenue fell short of our plans by about $5.5 billion, and we missed out on the merchandized margin we expected on those sales. This accounted for the majority of our pre-tax income variant for our original plan. Additionally as we outlined in the press release today, we had an inventory write down charge of about $500 million. Also, as Ernie mentioned, we continue to pay all of our store and DC associates for a minimum of three weeks after we closed our stores. Further, we kept a large number of associates active to support business continuity, and to be well positioned to reopen our operations. These associate actions resulted in an additional $450 million of payroll while all our stores were closed from March 19 on. In the first quarter, we took a number of actions to reduce expenses, which resulted in about $550 million of cost reductions. It's important to note that these actions began to benefit us later in the first quarter. Additionally, expenses were reduced by approximately another $200 million due to government credits related to paying associates when stores were closed and continuing to pay benefits for furloughed associates. The combination of these expense items I just mentioned net to an additional $200 million of expense in the first quarter. This makes up the remainder of the pretax income variance or plan after the negative impact of the loss merchandize margin. Before I move on, I want to mention that in general, approximately 65% of our total costs excluding merchandize costs are fixed, and about 35% of variable. On lost sales, we're not able to reduce most of our fixed costs. Therefore, the majority of our expense savings will come from variable components of our cost structure. Now I'll walk you through several financial actions we have taken as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. We started the year with a very strong balance sheet and these actions have further strengthened our financial position and allow us to maintain liquidity and flexibility during this period. I want to emphasize that our priority has been to prolong our cash flow and liquidity, so we can emerge from this as strong as possible. As Ernie mentioned, we started to see sales and customer track profit trends declined significantly by mid-March. As a result, we immediately focused on shoring up our liquidity through the following actions. First, we suspended our share buyback program. Up to that point, we had bought back about $200 million worth of TJX shares. We do not anticipate repurchasing additional stock for the remainder of fiscal 2021. Second on March 17, we notified the banks in our revolving credit facilities that we were drawing down the full amount of $1 billion. Next, we successfully issued $4 billion of senior notes with maturities of five, seven, 10 and 30 years at an overall weighted average of 3.85%. As we've discussed in our 10-K, we did not declared dividend in the first quarter. As a company with decades long history of paying dividends, this was another difficult decision, but we saw it as appropriate and prudent given we were furloughing associates raising capital and focused on preserving liquidity. At this time, we do not expect to declare dividends in the second quarter either, but I want to be very clear that we remain fully committed to paying shareholder dividends over the long-term when the environment and our business stabilized. Next, while taking the actions I just described, we were simultaneously reviewing all of our operating expenses and evaluating our fiscal 2021 capital expenditure plans. For capital spending, we're now planning it to be in the range of $400 million to 600 million versus our original $1.4 billion plan; most of our capital spending has been delayed. Moving to operating expenses, as you would expect, we cannot immediately suspend most of our expenses upon temporarily closing our stores. One of our initial priorities was to continue paying associates for a period of time, while also focusing on preserving liquidity. We also took other actions in the first quarter to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary expenses. These included right sizing items such as advertising, and other non-business critical expenses in the short-term. Going forward, we're planning for incremental expenses, specifically related to COVID-19. These include new payroll investments for the front of our stores, including monitoring capacity and enhanced cleaning as well as investments in personal protective equipment for associates. We're also expecting some lower productivity during the time due to the implementation of new social distancing measures in our stores and distribution centers. The last action I wanted to discuss is rent. We paid most of our rent through April. Over the last few months, we have worked with many of our landlords and negotiated through some of April and a meaningful portion of our second quarter rent payments until later dates. The prudent and proactive financial measures we have taken so far have reduced our cash burn going forward. We believe that we have adequate cash, even if sales were to be down close to 50% over the last nine months of fiscal 2021. To be clear, this is not our current sales expectation. It's just direction to give you a sense of our liquidity position. Now I'd like to walk you through our first quarter cash flow and a reconciliation of our ending cash balance. We ended the fourth quarter with approximately $3.2 billion in cash. As I mentioned earlier, we added another $5 billion through our note issuance and credit facility draw down. Let me take a moment and walk you through the significant cash outflows during the quarter that got us to our $4.3 billion first quarter cash ending balance. First, as Ernie mentioned, we're seeing a very strong sales trends to start the first quarter. So, our buyers were buying into these trends. When our stores closed temporarily, we still had a significant amount of committed merchandise on its way to us and in our distribution centers that needed to be paid for. Therefore, even though sales have stopped completely, we were still paying for merchandise that we were intending to sell in the first and second quarter. These merchandise payments accounting for the biggest outflow of cash during the first quarter. Next, even though we reduced expenses as we moved into April, we still pay the vast majority of our normalized expenses payable in the first quarter, while the expense reductions benefited our P&L in the first quarter, most of our capital benefits get delayed into the second quarter. In summary, given the timing of our store closings, we still paid the vast majority of our originally planned merchandise cost expenses payable and payroll in the first quarter. However, our revenue was lower than our plan by $5.5 billion. These three items alone accounted for most of the decline in their cash balance. Further on the shareholder distribution side, we saw an outflow of approximately $480 million, which included our fourth quarter dividend payment and our first quarter share buyback prior to suspending the program. I want to be clear that our significant operating cash flow in the first quarter is not indicative of our expected cash flow for the remaining quarters of the year. Many of the actions we took as a company in response to the crisis went into full effect at the end of the first quarter, and will be more beneficial to cash flow beginning in the second quarter. Lastly, given the high level of uncertainty in the environment, and many factors outside of our control, we are not providing a financial outlook for the second quarter for the remainder of the year. I want to reiterate that we have made swift and decisive actions to strengthen our liquidity and reduce our expenses. We are confident the steps we have taken position us well emerge from the crisis in a strong financial position. Now I'd like to turn it over to Ernie for some final comments.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. I want to reiterate my gratitude for our global associates, who have persevered through these challenging times and have supported each other and the company. On our last call, I spoke with you about our corporate responsibility programs. I want to mention that in this environment, our commitment to corporate responsibility remains core to our company and our work in this area continues. Clearly, we are very much looking forward to the time when we are fully open again. Our teams have been working very hard to make our reopening safe and successful and it has been great to be able to welcome back our associates and customers as various regions reopen. While COVID-19 is currently causing significant uncertainty in the world, TJX remains a very strong company. Throughout our long successful track record, we have navigated through many different environments and challenges as a company, which gives us great confidence in today's environment. In recent years, we have gained significant market share across the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia. We believe we can continue to grow our market share in the long-term as the retail environment evolves. We are convinced that our value mission which has been core to our business since the beginning will continue to resonate with consumers as much as it ever has, and continue to be our enduring retail formula over the short-term, medium-term, and long-term. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we'll open it up for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Boss. Your line is now open.
Matt Boss: Great, thanks, and great color, and congrats on the initial reopening strength.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Matt Boss: Ernie, maybe to breakdown your overall store reopening productivity, can you just elaborate on some of the performance you're seeing between Marmaxx and HomeGoods, and any material differences you're seeing in the U.S. relative to Europe as stores reopen?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Matt. Well, there is some color I can give you to that. We mentioned in the script our home business has been particularly strong, and I would say that's consistent. You can extrapolate from that that our HomeGoods business has been even stronger than our Marmaxx business. Having said that, both are clearly exceeding what we had expected would happen when we opened up these boxes. Also, Europe same -- I would say not much of a difference, a similar dynamic in Europe. Kind of went in a little bit of a different order, Matt. So let me give you a little of how this all transpired so you get a viewpoint on what I'm talking about with some of these sales trends. On May 2, we had only opened in the U.S. with 46 stores in South Carolina, okay, and then after that shortly thereafter we had about 13 stores in the Netherlands that opened, then 13 stores in Austria, very strong out of the box, and then what happened is around May 9, we had about 490 stores open between the U.S. and Poland. We actually opened up in Poland there about 46 stores. That brought us up to, as of May 9, about 562 stores. May 11, we had another chunk, 500 stores -- 503 to be exact opened. That was a combination of 354 in the U.S. and almost 150 in Germany, and again same dynamics of selling over there I would say in all of those, whether it was Austria, and Netherlands, Germany, but what has happened is when you we have these strong trends and we haven't been able to get the flow back in some of the earlier stores, such as in South Carolina, the first thing that I talked about with you is that those initial 46 stores. So it'll happen, and has happened in Europe as well, is the stores -- the euro, you start dropping against the last year a little bit and doing a little bit less than last year volume after a number of days, because we don't have any -- or I'm exaggerating, we have a lot less inventory in the store because we couldn't ship back quickly enough. Our DCs have just been getting opened, kind of as we speak, and so once we get the flow back to all of those locations in Europe and in the Carolinas. By the way, North Carolina came shortly after South Carolina, we had a similar dynamic, but in every case when we first opened and had the merchandise, clearance and regular price, we were opening up out of the box. You've probably seen on social media the lines outside the stores. The year-over-year we were running in those locations. To your initial question, home was better than the non-home areas. Having said that, we had a number of categories, also as I mentioned in the script, that were doing well and Marmaxx, and helping to drive those, this year, over outlying performance. So overall, again, just very much more sales and traffic than we had expected on these reopening, and I hope that answered your question.
Matt Boss: It does, and I've definitely seen the pictures. Scott, maybe to -- 
Ernie Herrman: Seen the pictures, yes.
Matt Boss: Oh yes, and Scott, maybe to follow-up, what timeframe are you targeting for a return to clean inventory levels at your concept? And then how do you balance clearing excess inventory versus taking advantage of the opportunistic closeouts that are clearly in the channel.
Ernie Herrman: Okay, well, I'll take that part, Matt. The -- so first of all, we went in right away when we were opening the stores, and we took our markdowns on the goods that had been sitting there that were seasonally oriented. If goods were more commodity based or basic and weren't seasonal we did not have to mark them down. So we addressed aggressively all of the categories that we felt were seasonal, and we took an initial marked-it-down on those, but they turned very well, and our business on our clearance in all of the stores we opened has been extremely successful. Also I would tell you better than expectations, ironically. So we attacked the markdowns, and then we're in the process now, Matt, of getting the flow from -- because remember, Scott mentioned it, we had inventory in the DCs. We were buying to the plus five comp sales trend early in the quarter, so we had goods in the DCs that we still can use to ship back to the stores, which we're in process now of doing here and in Europe. So then we will get into the process of talking about -- of course there's incredible availability in the market. So now we will be in phase or step C of looking at what's in the market, but only doing that as we ship what was in the warehouses already to the stores. So I think that's kind of the steps we're taking. The markdowns, as you know, as a company we're aggressive on clearing goods, that's why our returns area always so healthy. So we're already going in, if goods aren't moving on the first markdown, we will sub them quickly and bring it to the second markdown. We haven't had to do that very often yet in this initial reopenings.
Matt Boss: Perfect. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Scott, do you want to jump in?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, and not -- really not much to add in terms of what we did, and in terms of, not that we're giving guidance, but color on the second quarter. We would still expect to have incremental markdowns in the second quarter but not to the level of the first quarter, primarily due to really that same thing that even by the end of May we're still going to have more than 50% of our stores not open, and depending on the timing of some of those stores when they were open. Obviously some of them are large markets, potentially like California, New York, and in the U.K., Matt, we could -- it's to be determined if we need to take incremental markdowns to move those goods. I mean normally we -- you know how many times we [turn 00:02:24] on average our store inventory, it's close to 12 and overall six times. So effectively when we're going to be opening many of -- most of these stores that we would have already had no inventory in the stores and distribution center, they'd all be -- would have already turned. So we still have some potential liability there.
Matt Boss: Thanks -- 
Ernie Herrman: Matt, I would just jump in and echo something that Scott just said, which is a key point we wouldn't want anyone to forget during this call. Is that the amount we're anticipating right now having about 48%-49% of our stores open by the end of May, because there's a few other tranches going. Canada is opening as we speak about a hundred stores today, that's a portion of the 1,600, and then we have other states that we are know -- we'll get to about that point that Scott mentioned. Unfortunately we can't control our own destiny on the fact that half the other stores still aren't open and it's not up to us. So that could create an issue on the markdowns, which is what I think Scott was getting at. That is a little out of our control. I'm confident when we open we're going to do the business and we'll figure out how to address all that non-current merchandise. It's just the getting open is still the thing that, again, isn't under our control.
Matt Boss: Great, thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Walvis. Your line is now open.
Alex Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. My question follows up a little bit on any color on some of the trends you're seeing in reopened stores. What are you seeing is the strongest, is it traffic or are you seeing strengths in the basket size? Within Marmaxx are there any categories that are resonating particularly well? I'm thinking here perhaps that home is performing particularly well within those banners, and is there anything you can comment on at this stage in terms of whether there are differences between the stores that have opened fitting rooms versus those that haven't? And I think you said you were opening fitting rooms in Canada, so perhaps no color on that just yet?
Ernie Herrman: Okay, so we'll -- Scott and I will tag team here. I will, Alexandra, give you the first part, which is traffic. Well, the traffic is strong in most of the locations, but some of it is about a -- we're getting a higher conversion and a bigger basket also in some locations. So, in Europe, for example, that's been more of a dynamic there. Traffic is obviously -- here's the funky thing, we're doing capacity limits, so we're right now limiting the amount of traffic in most of our locations that we allow at any one time. So it's difficult for us to measure what the actual traffic would be. Scott, our average basket has been healthy, right, if you want to jump in on that?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think the most important thing that we've seen is that the average basket, particularly in the United States, but also in Europe has been significantly higher, and we're putting several more units in the basket, and again, some of that is maybe due to we're selling more clearance merchandize, but overall there's just more, significantly more units in the basket for an overall across all both Europe and the United States, both of them.
Ernie Herrman: Now, we do wonder and believe some of that's due to pent-up demand because when you have the pent-up demand and they haven't been shopping, when you get that, that first one job to shop, you're likely going to get a bigger basket. They haven't been out for a while. However, relative to some of our first openings here, we are a couple of weeks later, and it's still been really strong. So at first we thought it might have been that and now we're saying that might be part of it, but not as much as we thought.
Scott Goldenberg: And part of it, it probably just relates to the fact that customers who are coming to the stores and making to go out in this new environment, really want to be shopping and buying. So I think that goes to earn these points on, why the conversion like where we measure it in Europe, we know is significantly higher.
Ernie Herrman: And answer to your question regarding certain categories, yes, clearly, we're calling out home, we don't opt to give the information on the other categories really for competitive reasons as to what are but there are definitely I would say there are definitely category trends, which will be different. We will sell families a business differently post-COVID now than we did pre-COVID, and that's okay for us specifically, because our business model is so flexible, our merchants are able to and our planning and allocation teams which on our last call, I give a lot of credit to because they were able to tailor the store to the right mixes for last fourth quarter, and really, they were a key player in doing that, they will be key as well in this post-COVID time between the buying teams and our planning and allocation teams, planning the families of business appropriately based on these trends is what I'm very confident and we will be able to do and fortunately we buy so much hand to mouth here and the way the market has so much availability, that's why I go to a, I would just like more of our stores to get open, and I think we can strategically accomplish that.
Alex Walvis: That's super clear. Thanks so much, and then one more question if I may on e-commerce, you mentioned that the e-commerce sites have been strong since you reopen them, any change to how you're thinking about the potential for e-commerce within the business over time?
Ernie Herrman: So, great question, and of course our instinct would be to think during this time period, as many e-commerce businesses in the market have catapulted their sales of recent understandably with people being at home. It has been for us a basically 2% business, so do I think in the short-term, we could over index on that I do. In long-term, I think once all our stores are open, and we forgot how to operate obviously differently in a more safe manner, in the environment we need to operate. I think it will settle back down, it will probably still be healthy. We're getting very healthy. Well, we're getting very healthy reads on it, but we are having, we've been shutting it down early in the day. So any of you have shopped our sites, you will see in our TJ Maxx or Marshalls.com sites after few hours in the morning, we have had to shut the site down because when we started the sites up and the same as in Europe, we ensured safety for our associates went in with a more limited capacity output due to safety standards, social distancing, et cetera, many other things, and so, we consciously knew, we wouldn't be at full capacity and we would let it evolve over the next month. So, right now, we within a few hours are hitting a capacity that which is I guess you would call it a high class problem, and our intention is obviously keep building as we're learning how to operate safely for our associates. We will keep ramping that up further to the point, we hope to be back to the growth over the last year significant numbers, but I would say strategically nothing it will change in terms of the total TJX. We will not look to e-commerce as our major leveraging point to get us through COVID and out the other side it'll be complimentary as it always is. One of the nice things though again, as it will probably grow a little disproportionally, the returns at a high rate go back to our stores, which is still one of the silver linings, and it is complimentary to us. Again, as we're looking for market share, going after younger customers, whether in COVID-19 environment after just like we will before, and I think that's it.
Alex Walvis: Great. Thank you so much.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is now open.
Omar Saad: Thanks for all the information. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted a little bit more color on the inventory landscape. You know, is it how are you thinking about packaway in this unusual time versus your typical period? Any issues in the home supply chain that is obviously an incredibly strong category we're hearing from a number of retailers. Not sure if there are any issues there we should be thinking about, and then one quick follow-up on e-commerce, maybe you could talk a little bit more why you shut down the e-commerce business during the quarantine period. Is that logistical and operational, answer to that question? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, let me start with the inventory supply availability in the market. Omar, pretty straightforward here in that, first of all, there will be an unusual amount of packaways available. Some of these goods based on the way so many stores were shut wouldn't necessarily have to be packaway for a long period of time, it could be something that's that we buy and we ship it in little offseason, and we ship it to our southern stores. The strange dynamic is there's so much goods out there right now, that a lot of us will not able to use that we believe there is going to be a lot of packaways or a holdover being done by actually the vendor community. So for the first time, obviously, this is a strange environment, and we hope we don't run into this again for numerous reasons. It will be packaways at the vendor level, if that makes sense to you. A lot of holdover goods that will probably be showing up in the first quarter of next year. So that's what really will be happening from what we can see with inventory out there. Home supply is a non-issue for us. We have so many - what is not going to be happening from what we can see at home, and even in our full apparel categories, whether in Marmaxx or Winners T.K. Maxx, is we will go dynamic that already was starting to happen last couple of years is it seems based on our temperature checks with many of our vendors, because all of our buyers and merchandise managers have been working from home and staying in touch with the vendor community throughout this process is a strong feeling that we will probably be even more important to the vendors, and that applies to the home area as well. Coming out of this as we reopen, if more important than perhaps we were even going into it just because of the nature of what's going on. So we've all seen it before what happens to off price and what happens to TJX doing chaotic times. I would say it that way that we totally trust the model and that model has always shown us and this will be no different that there will be a lot of goods I may not fall perfectly by home category the way would ideally want it. So we're prepared for that, and that's why at a HomeGoods or Marmaxx home or Winners home, T.K. Maxx, HomeSense up there. These guys are good at flexing their categories based on where the trends are, and the trends are going to different a lot also, people being more at home, people maybe getting into cooking more at home, you can imagine what that would mean for some of the trends around the board. So I think the answer is that. E-commerce, real simple on e-commerce it was about associate safety, health and safety of our associates in our situation again going back to it was only 2% of our business. So we did not want to risk associate safety on what's very small. It was never that meaningful for our cash flow or for customer interaction. It was more important to me that our associates stay safe, especially when this was just erupting so to speak.
Omar Saad: Thanks, Ernie, all the best.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Omar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti. Your line is now open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, thanks for taking our questions here, and thanks for all the detail. Can you talk about this a little bit with Omar's question, but I know you guys always try to front run this and talk about inventory being available in the marketplace, but are you taking any actions other than what would be normal that suggests you're expected to be making bigger buys in the near term, other off pressures have noted some actions to prep for - I would say significantly more inventory to pack and hold, and then I'm also curious, if you -- what you think when you hear some of the bigger vendors that are public companies mentioning on conference calls, that they may change their business models a bit to packaway some inventory and repurpose product for what seems like the first time to hold it given the unique dynamics of this period in the economy?
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Michael, so in the first question, the biggest -- so there are clearly bigger buys out there. Our mode of operation right now has been with the merchants to take it. We're really taking it week-by-week right now. So we have all of our teams they communicate very regularly. Our Group President, Richard Sherr has been really helping to spearhead a lot of the communication with our division presidents across all the divisions so that we're approaching the market strategically, with a current amount of information. So what we've been doing is regardless of the availability out there, we don't want to buy too much too soon, the temptation would be for us, and remember what I said at the beginning of the Q&A, is we are right now utilizing a lot of the order that had already hit us that is in our DCs. So for current window, we're using some of that and yes, we do need to now supplement with these stores being better than we planned on. We are going to supplement with some buying, but we're trying to do it in a very methodical surgical approach, and so we're taking it step-by-step to keep an eye on the environment and where did the retail go on the product by the way, because we won't buy anything if we can't show significant enough savings against the out the door or out the online door of the other retailers. So I would say we're probably going to be a little different, and by the way to your second question, with the vendors doing their own path -- that's kind of what I referred to at the beginning of Omar's. Yes, we think there is going to be in addition to us doing X amount of packaways, there is going to be a lot of vendor packaways, where the vendors are going to carry over or repurpose, I think was the word used, and we do believe I think that's an accurate call out that we're hearing as well, and we'll approach those deal-by-deal, brand-by-brand, and item-by-item, so good questions.
Michael Binetti: Thank you, and let me follow that. You mentioned in the press release and on the commentary, taking some social distancing actions. I guess as you get to parts of the year where the stores are typically very, very crowded, I'm thinking about back-to-school and holiday. There will be challenges and driving positive traffic in those periods if these restrictions are still in place.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, there will and so we have teams right now working at how to minimize those challenges. So you could have something like I'm not saying that they were definitely going to do it. One of the options is you expand your store hours, so you can get -- you don't have to crunch -- try to crunch the busiest time periods and the amount of people. Now it's an interesting dynamic as we have gone in our earliest states, we use either 20% or 25% capacity limits, and South Carolina, we were still running over the last year numbers because again you have to orderly create lines outside that we have to space coming in, and you can do it in a consistent manner, but it definitely will create pressure and there will be operating costs that Scott and I talked about all the time that will be baked in to having to operate at different types of paces like that. So right now, for example, we don't have our fitting rooms open. So, that's one thing that creates helps with efficiency. We did it for safety, though. That is our motive there, but I have faith in our teams figuring out how to deal with the safety issues that they come up, but it will be a challenge.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think as Ernie said, I think it's more toward the very end of the year in your November, December timeframe, and it's I think only and to be determined we're obviously only been doing this for a few weeks. The large majority of our stores will not be impacted at all. It's the higher volume stores and potentially some of the stores in Europe than others where they eat, where they do a lot more sales per square foot than we even do in the U.S. So I think it's something that we sell several months to figure out I think also we don't know what the dwell times and others could be less and the average baskets are higher, we'll have to see does that stick as Ernie said or not before? So I think we have some time to work it out, but I think it's more toward the end of the year where that will be impacted if it does impact us.
Ernie Herrman: Michael to Scott's point, we don't -- that's a good point though, back to school for us doesn't, as you know we're more of a consistent retail volume like month by month, but we don't have that type of spike really till holiday. So our back to school would be manageable. I should have pointed that out.
Scott Goldenberg: And yes, one other thing, just to add on that and again, this is early days, couple of weeks, just as you know particularly in Europe, where that would be more of an issue than in the U.S. given the number of high streets and shopping mall and high volume locations we have. We have seen a flattening at least where people are working more at home, where the shopping patterns have more flattened over the week than on the week than on the Saturday, Sunday, which could help with deal with some of those occupancy limits that Ernie talked about.
Ernie Herrman: The one dynamic which globally, I'm sure this will apply to many. So we're seeing right now, if the customer wants to kind of cut back on how much he or she goes out shopping, we could continue to see that average basket be higher with a little less visits, and you're doing it off of not as many people coming through. So, it will be interesting to see. I don't know how that we've never been through this, how that translates at holiday. It'll be interesting to watch that dynamic as well.
Michael Binetti: Interesting, thanks for all the detail guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons. Your line is now open.
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes, hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. I guess as we're trying to think about some of the traffic dynamics as you alluded to in holiday, you guys had noted previously success with some of our omnichannel capability in markets such as the U.K. with Click and Collect, I understand obviously e-com is still a small percent of the business, but is there any view on maybe evaluating more omnichannel capability just across the greater percent of the store base or more regions, just as you're trying to get that traffic? And then secondly, my question would be on marketing dollars, we've seen them be cut back across the industry just given certainly the sales pullback, but you guys had alluded to a marketing message into the back half though. So, just kind of curious on your thoughts on marketing as we come out of this, how are you going to communicate to the customer the values and trying to gain that market share? Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, let me well so for holiday with e-commerce with Click and Collect, that is something in the state, I think we're still more prepared for that in Europe, where it's almost like you'd have to do that, where the mail service will not leave it at many flats or apartments or houses. So we are not -- I don't think we would be prepared here in the States to do the Click and Collect as readily, and that would just be an operational logistics challenge for us. We're just not ready to handle that right now, and based on this year, the way we're trying to get up and running just in terms of fulfilling orders on the side, I would think that would be something for down the road, we would take a look at. So good question, I understand where that would come from, we love Click and Collect it's creating a visit to the store. So I think you'll see us continue to ramp that up in Europe, by the way, just not domestically here. Marketing is interesting, and just you triggered something, Kay when you asked the question. The other thing we had to do with all of our stores that we opened here ironically is we got these, we did not mark it, and in fact, because our capacity was getting hit and we are trying to learn from it as we open during COVID, our capacity was getting hit to early like in South Carolina and some of the other markets. We have actually minimized our marketing, and we have gone to in most we cases we have opted to not do Saturday openings because we are getting so many customers, and it was difficult to our associates to manage. We are moving our openings to Mondays and as well as not doing any substantial marketing as well. So right now, in the short-term, I know you have questions about later, I just wanted to point that out to everybody if things normalized, Scott and I have talked about this, we want to and marketing is one of those places where we would certainly bring back some of our discretionary spending, right, when things when normalize. So, we would be looking at not just marketing in the big picture, we would be looking at capital which obviously we put a halt on spending. I am sure we look at -- we will reassess our dividend. We would pay back our revolving credit, and one of the key things after that is we would be looking at what do we do with our marketing budgets in terms of the fall and bringing that spend back to a normal thing because I think you remember, Kate, I talked on this -- right, it's a great question, I talked on many calls about how effective our marketing I think has been over the last year or two in helping us gain the market share, and we would have a great messaging campaign which I would tell you right now our marketing teams are working on. Of course, they are chomping at the bit waiting for us to say go and we get to that day when we are opening up in locations to start marketing at a different level. So, we will be there. We will have our usual creative messaging I think which will speak across all the different demographics. It's just we have to I think for another couple of months here.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think to Ernie's point, right now it's -- we still have lion share of our stores still to open. So, we are doing most of it digitally, and through social media, email, and our influencers, and going forward clearly as Ernie said depending on where we at, we would obviously do - we will shift to do more national advertising and other things that we traditionally do for building awareness, getting new customers into the store et cetera, but little too early for us to be committing exactly on the timeframe, but that would be generally how it would go.
Ernie Herrman: All right, next question.
Operator: Our final question of the day comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. On your buyers -- on your buying organization, I am curious what percent of your buyers are back and active in the market. Were they all completely shut down for a period of time? If so, how long, and then, separate, I think you mentioned 21,000 vendors that you do business with, where can that go? Just want to get a sense of the size of the pool. That's 21,000 out of how many folks can you possibly have relationships with? Where do you stand today, and how do you expect that number to grow or strength maybe during this period? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Great questions, Paul, I will start with the first one. Buyers were -- so the buyers I have never been disconnected I would say. Everybody has been working from home. In fact many of things we had to do when COVID hit were we had to talk to vendors about many different things. Our buyers were all engaged in dealing with the vendors. They have not yet -- and the second thing you mentioned was a shutdown. Yes, there were shut down. We shut them down completely from buying anything. When we got to that -- when you -- this has never happened before. When you get to the point where you have to shutdown 4500 stores, you have to stop buying because you would just be eating through cash like crazy, and we didn't want to cause more strain on vendors or us et cetera when we didn't know what the light was at the end of the tunnel when can we sell product? So, having said that, they are all in touch with their manager and all ready to go, in fact, some of the surgical buying that we have talked about doing based on the recent sales trend [technical difficulty] that we have in the limited -- in the basically, I know we're saying we have 1,600 stores open; we really had 1,100 till yesterday. It's with the recent batch today that gets us to 1,600. [Technical difficulty] We had about 400 in the States and 100 in Canada [technical difficulty] that jump up to 1,600. So, but of that 1,100, we will [technical difficulty] this is a little like the question when we used to have, I don't know how long [technical difficulty] 10,000 then went to 15 and [technical difficulty] and continue to grow just at a slower rate, because [technical difficulty] what tends to happen in these times, and this is an extreme time as more vendors are still looking for who's the retailer that I should try to do business with, and we're very [technical difficulty]. So, I would guess this will grow a little bit. I can't put a number on it though.
Scott Goldenberg: So it's just one thing, going back to store openings and Ernie just mentioned and that is that, although we don't have firm dates and we said we have approximately 50% out, and based on what we know from different, you know, the different government, government agencies and stuff where they dictate these things around the country and around either rest of our world [technical difficulty], the global we have stores where we estimate that we will be open for approximately 65% of the quarter compared to what we would originally compared to a normal 100%. Just two minor caveats to that is one a lot of locations where we have not opened, the California, New York or higher volume locations, whether it's the U.K., Toronto, Montreal, California, New York, et cetera, and also just not that it's a big deal, but the spread of our quarter, now the first six, seven weeks of the quarter are higher volume per day quarter than the back half. So when you guys are trying to think about that, it's not in our control, but that's just the way it flows, and so, just wanted to get that out, and at the same time, because we're going to be -- we're still closed for much of the quarter, we're still paying as we said, a large number of associates who are still not fully working similar not as the same extent of as the first quarter, but still paying associates, and we think again as Ernie said, it's been critical, it's very effective for us being able to jumpstart the positions and we continue to believe that over at least what will hopefully be just a few more short weeks before we have a lot of our stores or vast majority open. So, again, just wanted to get that out.
Ernie Herrman: Okay, thank you all for joining us today. We will be updating you again on our second quarter earnings call in August. From the team here at TJX, we hope you all stay well, and we wish you good health for you and your families. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is now being recorded, February 26, 2020. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Aelan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 3, 2019. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in transcripts. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website tjx.com in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Before I speak to our results, I want to start with our thoughts on the Coronavirus and the Australian wildfires. Beginning with the Coronavirus. Our hearts are with the people around the world affected by this outbreak. Although TJX does not operate stores in China or the other countries that have been significantly impacted as of today, we have several global buying offices and our buyers who travel the world. We are monitoring the situation closely with the health and well-being of all of our associates being our top priority. As to the bushfires in Australia, we were deeply saddened by the devastation in that country. We are grateful that our Australian associates were all safe. To help with the relief efforts in Australia we have made donations to save the children management international and the American Red Cross has been designated to support bushfire relief in Australia. Now to our results. We are extremely pleased with our outstanding finish to 2019. Fourth quarter consolidated comp store sales increased very strong 6% well above our plan and over a 6% increase last year. Our earnings per share of $0.81 were also significantly above our plan. I am particularly pleased with the strength of the comp store sales growth at each of our four major divisions delivered a comp increase of 4% or higher. Customer traffic was once again the primary driver of these increases. This quarter marks that 22nd consecutive quarter of traffic increases at TJX, and Marmaxx. I also want to highlight that both our apparel and home businesses for the company were strong and in-line with the consolidated comp. Clearly, we gave consumers a compelling reason to shop us and make exciting purchases throughout the holiday season and beyond. For the full year, we also delivered terrific results. Full year consolidated comp store sales increased 4% and EPS was $2.67, both exceeding our original and most recent plan. Annual sales increased 7% to $41.7 billion well surpassing the $40 billion milestone. We were thrilled with this achievement for our company. More importantly, we believe we are far from finished growing. Once again, each of our four major divisions had strong customer traffic increases that were the primary driver of comp sales growth. 2019 marks the 24th consecutive year of consolidated comp store sales growth and the 12th straight year of customer traffic increases. This is a testament to the talented people that we have across our company. And I want to thank them all for another year of excellent performance. Looking ahead, we see plenty of opportunities to keep gaining market share around the world. The first quarter is off to a solid start, and we have a number of initiatives underway to keep driving sales and traffic. Longer term we're convinced our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience and excellent values will continue to attract more consumers in the United States and internationally. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and full year numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Arnie and good morning everyone. As Arnie mentioned, fourth quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased a very strong 6% which was over a 6% last year, and again well above our plan. We're pleased to see strength both in apparel and home businesses throughout the quarter. Our comp growth was driven by increases in both customer traffic and units sold. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude the growth from our e-commerce businesses. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.81 up 19% over the prior year $0.68, and well above our expectations. Now to recap our fourth quarter performance by division. We are very pleased at each of our four major divisions exceeded their comp sales and pretax profit plans. Further every division delivered a sequential comp increase versus their third quarter comp growth and achieved these increases on top of strong comps last year. Additionally, customer traffic was up and the primary driver of our comp store sales increases at each of our divisions, a trend we saw every quarter of the year. At Marmaxx comp store sales increased to strong 6% over a very strong 7% increase last year. Again this quarter we saw strength in both in our apparel and home businesses. Segment profit margin increased 20 basis points. HomeGoods comp store sales increased a strong 5% in the fourth quarter over a 5% increase last year. We were very pleased with the strong sequential comp improvement for both the quarter and on a two year stack basis. Segment profit margin was down 10 basis points. TJX Canada drove a fourth quarter comp quarter of 4% over a 4% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 40 basis points. At TJX international comp store sales grew an outstanding 10% in the fourth quarter on top of a 5% increase. Again this quarter we saw comp sales strength throughout Europe and in our Australian business. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was up 10 basis points. Now to our full year consolidated fiscal '20 results. Consolidated comp store sales grow strong 4% over a very strong 6% increase last year; customer traffic was up overall and increased at each of our four major divisions every quarter throughout the year. Full year diluted earnings per share were $2.67 a 9% increase over last year's adjusted $2.45. I'll finish with our financial strength. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal '20, free cash flow was a strong $2.8 billion. We continue to take a disciplined approach to capital allocation and our ROIC is one of the highest we've seen in retail. Now let me turn the call back to Ernie and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal '21 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. I'd like to start with some additional full year 2019 highlights, which I will pull it out for you. Again, we are very proud of our strong comp sales increase over such strong results last year, and that we well surpassed the milestone of $40 billion in total consolidated sales. I also want to highlight that we have grown our consolidated sales by more than $10 billion in just the past four years alone, as we continue to capture market share. In 2019, we added 223 net stores. And over the past five years, we have opened more than 1,100 stores. We achieved this growth in an environment where we have seen thousands of store closings across the retail sector. We now operate over 4,500 stores including more than 1,200 outside of the United States. We were very pleased with our innovative and differentiated marketing plans, which we believe successfully drove customers to our stores and online. We believe that we are continuing to attract shoppers of all ages to our stores, including a significant amount of Gen Z and Millennial shoppers, which bodes well for the future of each of our four major divisions. Next, our overall customer satisfaction scores continue to increase. We continue to incorporate the valuable feedback we receive from shoppers to improve their experience. We are having success with our loyalty programs and see additional opportunity to drive more store and online cross shopping. We believe that all of this will allow us to continue to grow our customer base overtime. Lastly, we continue to make important investments in our supply chain and systems to support our global growth plans. Now I'd like to recap our full year divisional performance and our confidence that we can continue our successful growth going forward. At Marmaxx sales surpassed $25 billion and comp store sales increased 5% over a very strong 7% increase last year. With an average comp store age of about 20 years we believe this is an outstanding indicator of the underlying strength of this business. In addition to opening new stores, we continue to remodel and relocate stores to keep them fresh and inviting for shoppers. At TJ Maxx, we introduced a new store prototype and the early customer feedback has been terrific. We also launched Marshalls.com earlier this year and are happy to now offer shoppers in both TJ Maxx and Marshalls the convenience of online shopping. We continue to see excellent potential to keep growing our largest division. At HomeGoods full year comp store sales increased 2% over a 4% increase last year. We are very pleased with HomeGoods strong finish to the year with their fourth quarter comp being significantly higher than the first nine months. HomeGoods surpassed $6 billion in sales this year. And we still believe we can capture additional share of the US market and other market. At TJX Canada comp store sales increased 2% over a 4% increase last year. TJX Canada also delivered a strong finish to 2019 with a fourth quarter comp that was much higher than the rest of the year. We opened our 500th store in Canada last year and full year sales for the division top $4 billion at TJX Canada further extended his leadership position as the largest off price apparel and home fashions retailer in Canada by far. We continue to see significant opportunity to keep gaining market share in Canada. TJX international had an outstanding year with comp store sales increasing 8%. We are particularly pleased that we saw strength across all six of our European countries and in Australia. Our research shows that we continue to significantly outperform many other major European brick and mortar power retailers further widening in the comp sales gap. Going forward, we see an opportunity to grow sales in all of our existing countries. Back to e-commerce we saw another year of double digit sales growth. In the US we had categories and brands through our TJ Maxx, Marshall's NCR sites. In the UK we are very pleased with the continued growth of tkmaxx.com and with the success of our Click and Collect program, which we believe has been driving incremental visits to our stores. Longer term, we see the potential to launch e-commerce for some of our other banners and countries. Before I sum up, I want to spend a moment on corporate responsibility. The key point I want to make is that our smart for business, good for the world thinking has been our philosophy throughout our history. We are incredibly proud of this great company and our culture. Just as we deliver real value to our customers every day we believe our company also delivers real value throughout many corporate responsibility programs. As these programs continue to evolve, you can learn more about them on our website, tjx.com in the responsibility section. And I really encourage you to take a look at this. In closing 2019 was another great year for TJX following many great years. I could not be prouder of their tremendous efforts and excellent execution across our organization. Looking ahead, I see TJX in a position of enormous strength. As always, we remain focused on our off price fundamentals and delivering great merchandise at great values to consumers every day. Our 2019 results demonstrate once again the appeal of our values and treasure hunt shopping experience. Our increases in customer traffic and units sold effectively tell us that we are attracting customers and that they like what they see when they shop us. The consistency and the flexibility of our off-price retail model through both strong and weak retail cycles throughout our history underscore our confidence. We see plenty of merchandise available to support our continued growth. We are confident our world-class buying hours organization, which numbers over 1,100 associates and our vendor universe of over 21,000 vendors are major competitive advantages. I also want to recognize the exceptional talent we have across our entire company. We are extremely proud of the long tenures of so many of our associates and as we continue to add hundreds of stores and expand our organization, our focus on attracting, developing and retaining top talent remains crucial to our continued successful growth. It is our associates who bring our business to life for our customers every day. As we look at the retail landscape, we continue to see plenty full market share opportunities out there to be gained. As long as we execute well, we are convinced we will keep attracting more consumers across a wide demographic and keep growing our retail banners successfully around the globe. Our relentless focus on value will continue to be our winning retail formula. Before I turn the call over to Scott, we know you may have a lot of questions related to Corona virus. What I have to say is that at this time we have not seen an impact to our business and it is too early for us to speculate about the future. Again, our priority is the health and wellbeing of our associates and we have made certain adjustments in terms of travel and our global buying offices. We are monitoring the situation closely and thinking of everyone worldwide who has been affected. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie. As Ernie mentioned we're monitoring the Corona virus outbreak closely, but at this time we have not included any potential financial impact in our fiscal '21 guidance. Now I will start with our full year guidance. We expect fiscal '21 earnings per share to be in the range $2.77 to $2.83. This would represent a 4% to 6% increase over the prior year's $2.67. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $43.9 billion to $44.2 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a neutral impact due to translational FX. We're planning a 2% to 3% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. This would be down 20 to down 40 basis points, versus 10.6% in fiscal '20. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.3% to 28.4% compared to 28.5% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales in the range of 18% to 18.1% versus 17.9% last year. For modeling purposes we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.5%, net interest expense of about $16 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $1.2 billion. Moving on to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx we are planning a comp of 2% to 3% on sales of $26.7 billion to $26.9 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.0% 13.2%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion. We're planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 9.8% to 10%. For TJX Canada, we're planning a copy increase of 2% to 3% and sales of $4.3 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency is expected to be in the range of 12.0% to 12.2%. At TJX International, we're expecting comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $6.0 billion to $6.1 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency is expected to be in the range of 5.4% and 5.6%. Moving on to Q1 guidance. We are expecting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.60 versus last year's $0.57 per share. We are modeling first quarter consolidated sales of approximately $9.8 billion to $9.9 billion. This guidance assumes a neutral impact due to translational FX. For comp store sales we are assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. First quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 9.6% to 9.8% range versus 10.1% in the prior year. We're anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.3% versus 28.5% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 18.4% to 18.5% versus 18.3% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 24.8%, $4 million of net interest expense and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.21 billion. It's important to remember that our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter. Now to our store growth plans for fiscal '21. We plan to add about 170 net new stores, which would bring our yearend total to approximately 4,700 stores. This represents store growth of about 4% and similar to past years, reflects our plans to close only a handful of stores. Beginning in the US our plans call for us to add about 50 stores at Marmaxx, and approximately 10 Sierra stores. We also expect at approximately 50 stores at our HomeGoods division. In Canada, we plan to add about 25 new stores, and at TJX International, we plan to open approximately 25 stores in Europe and 10 stores in Australia. I'll wrap up with our fiscal '21 cash distribution plans. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 13%. This would mark our 24th straight year of dividend increases. In fiscal '21, we also expect to buyback 1.75 to 2.25 billion of TJX stock. Now we're happy to take your questions. To keep call in schedule we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Paul Lejuez.
PaulLejuez: Hi, thanks, guys. Scott, sorry if I missed it. But did you go through the gross margin and SG&A detail just kind of the moving pieces within each of those line items in fourth quarter, specifically, also I was curious about merchant margin and what your assumptions are for merchant margin in first quarter and the full year of 2020? And then, just big picture on the HomeGoods business. You had some execution issues, I think, this past year, curious if you could say that those are behind you? Thanks.
ScottGoldenberg: I guess, I'll try to - I know there was like 5 or 6 questions, but I'll try to get to the first few of the gross profit. The gross profit performance in the fourth quarter, which was up 40 basis points versus last year was due to strong merchandise margin, which was up substantially, which was primarily due to better buying. As you would expect lower markdowns on the strong sales and less freight. Part of that was due to some, as we call that are in our earlier calls that even around the fourth quarter as we move from the third to the fourth. We would be renegotiating some of our rates that did happen, rates did go down less - we came in better than we expected. We also had some mitigation strategies in place such as trail utilization, other things. So our expense opportunities for good and we saw some freight. We had the same I would say continued pressure from supply chain. So overall, it was primarily driven by strong merchandise margins in the fourth quarter. In terms of, I think your second quarter was about Q1 gross margin. It's unfavorable '20. Again, this is probably pretty much the similar sort for the full year and the first quarter. Merchandise margin is essentially flat, up slightly on ex-FX basis. So we have better buying but then we're off - it's being offset by the continued supply chain pressures which are pretty similar for last year. We do have a - if someone asked about tariffs and like. We have a little bit more tariff pressure. Although tariff were less in the fourth quarter than what we originally thought, because they took the government dropped some of the tariff on the list for the items. We are still cycling the tariffs, which are a little more first half weighted as many of them were not implemented into the back half of the year. So I would say merchandise margin better buying offset by the supply chain pressures, which is a bit similar to our full year story. The only thing I would note is on the first - we're a little more first half weighted and first quarter weighted a little more of the supply chain pressure due to our ticket being down a bit more in the first half of the year. At the moment from what we see than we expect in the second half. And I'll let Ernie jump-in on the second.
ErnieHerrman: So Paul on the HomeGoods question. Great question. We did have execution issues there. I have to say that the fourth quarter, the 5 comp on top of the last year 5, truly exceeded our expectations. We were hoping to, as we have talked about earlier in the last couple of calls, hoping to have some incremental progress over the prior trend. And we were pleasantly surprised to be able to run such a strong comp on top of the 5. I would tell you that we made great progress in some of the execution areas in terms of really fixing a lot of the imbalancing, a lot of the execution challenges. However, I'd say we still have a little bit of work to do there. And so we have not totally fixed them. Part of what happened is we got some, I think additional business drivers out of other areas of the store to a greater degree, as well as a great progress on fixing those areas at the same time, which led to this above plan or expectation performance. So I couldn't - I have to tell you, I'm very proud of that team for regrouping and the whole HomeGoods team. I think from the merchants to really the planning and allocation area in terms of the way they flow the goods was also a place where I think they just did a sensational job on coming back. And if you think about the Q4 business of which HomeGoods obviously has a strong Q4 business being home related and gift giving related. The way our planning and allocation teams across the entire Corporation. I know you asked about HomeGoods. But I would tell you a similar dynamic happens at every division, which is one reason our fourth quarter was so strong as our planning allocation teams and each of the four major divisions I think just did a fantastic job all around that that really helped propel our fourth quarter in addition to obviously, it was key at HomeGoods. Great question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Alex Walvis.
AlexWalvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. Arnie you talked a lot in the prepared comments about market share opportunities around the world. I wonder if you could take a moment here to tell us how you think about your market share in each of the key areas, maybe in domestic home domestic apparel, and then in some of the international markets? And where you see those biggest opportunities for market share gains?
ErnieHerrman: Sure. Alex, obviously you're asking a question near and dear to my heart and to this team in terms of what are the opportunities strategically. How do we look at this as we continue to go forward? I would tell you that one of the opportunities - if you're asking about domestic home apparel also in part of your question was International. Clearly one of the dynamics happening here on our market share gain is there's been and continues to be a fair amount of store closures of brick and mortar store closures in every geography that we're in. And there seems to be continuous - it's been steady over the last couple of years. And if you look at even year to date that continues. So obviously we do a lot of analysis at looking at a high level in terms of overlapping categories. So just like you mentioned, home or apparel. When we look at what's happening with store closures or what's happening with the market share slicing at the pie, we look at the categories that we're in which are home and apparel, accessories, any categories that overlap. And then we say what's our opportunity at the retail level based on the market share vacated by those stores that closed. And then we look at our - the same time our great relationships with vendors and all the different availability that's been around everywhere. For the last couple quarters as you know, we've been talking about all the different categories and vendors that have had availability and all the different levels that are from good level vendors, to better to best level vendors. And that would apply to Europe, Canada, U.S. and it applies to actually go home areas and apparel areas. And so when we look going out at market share opportunities, we just feel like it's right for the picking. And our business model and our emphasis on brands and quality at a price is what we ensure that our buyers are always focused on. So we continue to add to the buying team to ensure that we don't run out of all the additional vendors that we open and that we're always opening new vendors, which creates more availability, but it creates more treasure hunt shopping experience. So at the end of the day, to your question, why do we think we can seek any market share is we're going to keep having more exciting treasure hunt, experienced stores with more vendors, more categories and more changing mixes as we continue to move forward, which I not throwing a lot out there, which is really one of our advantages is we're creating this entertainment experience, which you didn't asked that in your question, but that is one of our key differentiators that is allowing our brick and mortar business to be really a different type of brick and mortar business than what the other retailers are delivering. So hopefully that - that's probably more than what you asked for. But I think that answered your question.
AlexWalvis: That's fantastic. Thanks so much for all the color there. Maybe one quick follow up for Scott here. Any comment on how we should expect the freight to impact gross margins in 2020 and what the puts and takes are there?
ScottGoldenberg: We have slightly less freight, you know, built in as a deleverage next year versus this year. I think that was not a significant difference, but a continued to improvement.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Matthew Boss.
MatthewBoss: Great. Thanks and congrats on a blowout fourth quarter, guys. Ernie. Maybe what do you believe is driving the inflection more specifically in your international business if we think both about brand availability and customer reception to the concept? And Scott, on that note, just how would you size up the long-term store saturation target for TJX internationally, as we see here clearly?
ErnieHerrman: I'll start, Matt. So I think internationally one of the things driving, yes, we've had more better brands within our mix, and we continue to add the team in Europe and in Canada. They have really gone after more fashion and better brands. And fortunately, the availability has been there but at the same time, you're planting seeds for the future, because now we've created these strong relationships with these vendors who want to have the continuity of the business with us. And at the same time with the economy being the way it is on these geographies, I guess we're a little lucky in that value. Our business is off price value. And value is so critical to those tough environments. So you can see there when you look at the results of even the online results have been stellar and their brick and mortar results, Scott is always showing me analyses which show we're picking up hundreds of basis points of market share in Europe. I'm actually underplaying that. And I really believe that nobody else is doing branded value like we are in those markets. We've always had a high penetration in Canada, but our penetration in Europe right now in the markets we're in as you know, from a comp like we just delivered. And forget the fourth quarter. Again, I'm proud of that team all year along and how the European team is executed. And it's really all about the value, nobody else - no other retailers there whether online or brick and mortars delivering branded value. There are some retailers, I won't say their names, but they're delivering more private label price pointed goods. But nobody else is delivering through better brands that have value. And that's why I think the - that's where the inflection is and where the opportunity continues to be.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes, I mean, in terms of just I think, Europe, given the strength of their comps all year was certainly a poster child of the consistency we've been - we've talked about this but consistency of their sales inside London, outside London throughout the UK, Scotland, also incredible consistency around the overall 10 comp and a 8 comp for the year in the rest of Europe. I'd like to particularly call out Poland was extremely above plan and above the overall average. And that's despite, even having less opening days on Sundays. But again, I think it's the - as Ernie said it's about the allocation process has been great. Obviously, the brands that they're getting the customer satisfaction scores, had been up in Europe and also in our domestic divisions, which certainly means, we're doing a good job. And again, it goes back to the other thing Ernie mentioned the e-commerce in Europe, where we have a bigger penetration of our ecommerce sales. We are very pleased to see that the ecommerce sales were strong and the comp stores in the stores are also both were working in tandem. So I think that's another real positive.
ErnieHerrman: One other, Matthew, one other development, not development, dynamic going on. I mentioned the flow of our planning, managed by our planning allocation is across the divisions but in Europe as well as the other divisions, we are becoming as witnessed, I think by our healthy fourth quarter performances over a number of years, were becoming a more gift giving destination clearly for a lot of consumers. And what once maybe wasn't as cool to give a TK Maxx or TJ Maxx or Marshalls bag has now become very cool. And which lines up with our younger customer base that we've been going after over the last five or 10 years. So I think we have that that's another inflection that I think is helping us as our gift giving initiatives.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes and just one other thing. I mean, it goes back to the market share, but also taking, with some of, obviously Ernie called that the number of store closings, there's been. We - call it all our real estate teams, not just in Europe, but everywhere, where clearly, we think we've been improving and positioning our stores whether it's in relocations and or opening new stores. And our new store performance across the board and in Europe has been particularly good.
MatthewBoss: Great. And then just one quick follow up. I know it's early, but as we think about the potential sourcing disruption related to Corona as it relates to product availability? I mean, historically disruption is an opportunity for the off price sector. I guess help us to assess this situation. Do you think some of the disruption could create additional product availability for you and some of your off-price peers?
ErnieHerrman: So right now I would have to tell you that really to us, our most important focus there is the humanitarian one. And we're really thinking about our associates, the health of them and the people around the world. We have no stores in China or the other countries that have, as we said, been significantly impacted as of today. We have global buying officers and buyers who are traveling. Our first priority is their wellbeing. But it's really too early for us to summarize anything bad could happen down the road. We're just more upset by all of the really sad stories that are happening around the globe. And so it's kind of what we said in the script.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kate Fitzsimons.
KateFitzsimons: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. I guess my question would be expenses, just with the calm coming in better in the quarter, you know, overall SG&A did land ahead of your plan. Did you opt for greater reinvestment in the quarter to fuel the top line? And just curious as to how we should think about expense dynamics to the extent that comes, run better comps run better than two to three in Q1 as well as calendar 2020 just in this quest for a global market share. Thank you.
ErnieHerrman: Kate, great question. This is a bit of a nuanced one that between answering your question on how it impacted the fourth quarter versus the full year, not all of the same things apply. Obviously, we're very pleased with our overall flow through on the beat of 30 basis points and 5 pennies. And yes, it would have been stronger. The strong operational performance caused us to have a few bit more expenses, more than at times we would normally flow through. Because of the strong performance versus our both our, our plans and our guidance our incentive accruals were higher but also absorbed more in the fourth quarter than what would normally have been spread throughout the year if our performance had been equal versus - beat versus plan across the board. So we were truing up a lot in the fourth quarter. Overall, I would tell you the incentive accruals and all that were similar collapsed year and our plans are similar next year versus this year. So a bit of that was just the timing and what you had to account for. Our supply chain pressure and store wage came in as expected. So that was not an issue. A kind of ironic, not ironic, but the way the accounting works is that, due to the extremely strong sales over plan, our inventories came in a lot less than our plan. So a kind of a dynamic, you don't see it to this point where we capitalized a bit less expense than we wouldn't norm normally have as the inventories came in lower. So again more, I would call that more of a timing issue. So again, a bit more than what you'd normally would've seen. And again, as we tend to do when we sometimes have extremely strong performance, we made a contribution to our foundation. So that's not something that would be necessarily a first quarter, second quarter impact. But in this case at the end of the year we did make one. And we had some unplanned legal expenses. But I would not expect to be, you know any at this point, any notes as we move through next year. So again, overall very pleased with the flow through.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Omar Saad.
OmarSaad: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning, a great quarter. Congrats on the year. Two really quick questions, the initial comp guide two to three, I think last year, a year ago, you guys started the year guiding the three to four. Just wanted to see if there's anything to read into that there, anything you're seeing on the, on the horizon this year that makes your outlook a little bit different. And then I was also hoping for maybe to expand the discussion on international, talk about the profitability, especially as you're competing there and those markets. Are you trying to get to scale in certain markets where we can see the margins building in that business over time? It just feels like your international footprint globally kind of growing. But I know each one is a, it's really a market by market basis. Thanks.
ErnieHerrman: Great questions, Omar. Actually our sales guidance is similar to last year. We were at the two to three last year as well. So that's pretty much apples to apples. And I would say that given our EPS guidance, you realize we've talked about this before. Our intention always is to surpass those goals. So, we believe in trying to stay prudent and conservative in our plans. And believe me, every member of the team from the executive team all the way through the organization, whether it's - it doesn't matter which division you go to, everybody is moving towards surpassing those goals. And that their goals are to surpass the goal. So, we just believe this is in this environment, the right way to plan the business for a number of reasons.
ScottGoldenberg: Yes. I'll try to hit out. It's a bit of a difference. If you look, just explain fourth quarter for international and full year, again, extremely pleased with the 10 comp. And you would, you might ask infer why did we not leverage better. The underlying merchandise margin excluding the FX was favorable, but unfortunately the fourth quarter we had 70 basis - approximately 70 basis of excess FX pressure. So that was one of the major drivers of why at least for the fourth quarter and actually hurt us all last year was some mark on pressure. Again that answer I gave you on the capitalized inventory they - with the strong comps they capitalized less expensive. So again was a more of a timing difference. So, overall as you would have expected we would have been up extremely in a very high double digits if not more in Europe if not for those two items. Last year when we guided - this year we're guiding up Europe 20 basis points. Last year when we guided and we beat that. And substantially we guided down 80. Again we are up primarily due to the mark FX, impact on mark on this year; we have less pressure on FX, pretty similar expense pressures from FX from store etcetera. And so I think that's why we're planning our guidance or our guidance is favorable, extremely favorable this year than what we went out for last year. So, that's not much more to add there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Adrian Eves [ph].
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Good morning. Let me add my congratulations. Very well done. Ernie, my question's for you. It's following up on your comment about better opportunities sort of at every level in every geography. I recall you mentioning sort of ecommerce dislocation as a secular trend that benefits you. Would you go over that again and the sources of availability that come from that? Thank you very much.
ErnieHerrman: Sure. And yes, we have talked about that before. It's kind of a neat, dynamic from two perspectives, which is the opportunity - first of all, I think we've talked about this that e-com is providing a bit more for us now about validation of our values, whether it's the vertical brands being online or other non-vertical brands, because the consumer can see clearly what the value is there and that we have much better value in our stores. But more importantly, and I think this is what you're getting at in terms of the opportunities of availability at different levels of product because the good news is the ecommerce business across the board has just has a plethora of sub-money brands across all different levels in all categories. Everyone's gone into e-com, which is great. And but with that yields is more availability. And I think over the last three or four years that has been a plus to us in terms of availability that wouldn't necessarily have been in some of these categories before with some of those brands. Very difficult. And I think this is what we talked about in a little bit of what I think you're getting at difficult with those retailers to forecast accurately. The young businesses, the amount of units they should buy in an item or a category is a little more volatile than if you are brick and mortar with many years of history. And so that by its nature has been an added, I guess, like you started off with your question of added better opportunities. And that by the way, that is creating these additional, better branded opportunities across every geography, specifically in Europe and in the US. That's really where we've seen a lot of the e-com of, the byproduct of that coming from e-com business. Great question. And yes, we stated by the way, and that we are continuing to see that as, we move here into the first quarter.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Yes. Would like to hear your description of it. Thank you very much and best of luck.
ScottGoldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
LorraineHutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. As you think about the full year, can you just talk about little bit more about the operating margin puts and takes where we are in terms of laboring inflation, how you're planning freight for the year in total, anything you've taken into account from a tariff standpoint, and then any other factors, we shouldn't be thinking about?
ScottGoldenberg: Thanks Lorraine. So answer it two different ways. Obviously, we have a 6% EPS growth at the high end, which is similar to last year's 6%. We are down 20 to 40 basis points, which is less than last year on the same comp growth of 2% to 3%. So what that implies or whats built into our guidance is stronger or better operational growth this year due to higher merchandise margin, as were planned up this year versus last year at this point in time. Our plans were, we had it, merchandise margin plan down. Part of that is due to your point on freight. Last year, we had less of a headwind from freight, but we also had some better mark on or better buying built into our plans. This year - we do have a small tower of hand witness here, but I wouldn't say that and FX offset each other. So overall better merchandise margin, better buying with less headwind from freight. The operational growth. So you'd say okay, our supply chain and other costs are about - we're saying are similar and offsetting each other, similar last year. But due to the stock growth that we had last year and doing a buyback in the same range of the 1.75 to 2.25. We have a lower benefit of our buyback of almost approximately 1 full percent. So higher operational growth, lower buyback hands while we have a similar 6% EPS growth on the 2 to 3 comp. Our supply chain. We continue to open up stores. We have a distribution center that opened last year in the second half of the year at San Antonio. For our Marmaxx chain we're opening up a HomeGoods, DCM Lewistown, and Ohio in the back half of next year. Hence, the supply chain pressure is relatively similar to last year. All the other things, all the other ones tend to balance out. So say it another way our headwinds - slightly less headwinds, that we're planning this year because of freight but being offset by a lower benefit from the share buyback.
LorraineHutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Binetti.
MichaelBinetti: Thanks for and congrats on a nice quarter. Scott, I guess I want to back up and just ask a little bit about margins in the leverage profile here. I think you usually talk about 20 basis points of leverage on every point of comp beat. I think you'd beat the comp point - the comp plan by about 3 to 4 points in the fourth quarter in pretax margins by a little less than would be implied by that maybe 30 or 40x currency. Can you just speak to I guess some of the puts and takes on leverage? How it rolls for you? Is the 20 basis points for pointing comp the right way to think about if we do start coming in above this year? And then I also want to ask on the HomeGoods business. The margin outlook for the year I know there's obviously some discrete pressures you just mentioned wages across the whole business and then maybe some more freight pressure focused on HomeGoods since past couple years. But given the exit rate of 5% at comps in the guidance for another year, similar margin compression in 2020, compared to 2019, I think the store growth slows a little. So maybe the preopen expense a little less, but I know you're still building up a supply chain fast. If only the margin profile would improve a little this year. Is there potential for the margins to beat on that business if comps come in better or should we think about it are there offsets we should think about to that?
ScottGoldenberg: So to answer of your first question, it again goes back to the answer where the fourth quarter flow through was 20 basis points, I'd say 15 basis points on the camp is probably a reasonable number. But this quarter we had, as again, we had the confluence of the timing of how the incentive accruals came in. We had the foundation. We had some unplanned, legal expenses and then the capitalized expenses related to the inventory. So again, along with saying some of those were obviously - almost everything there was unplanned, some of those would have flown through better in typical times and some of them were in essence are discretion in terms of foundation. And then there were some unplanned expenses. So I think, normal basis, it is still - I think it is still a good metric. This quarter was a couple of different items that caused it. And really more of the timing that it came in the fourth quarter versus one of the first 3 quarters. In terms of HomeGoods. The question on the overall margin. Well, first of all, again, the thing I'd focus on this year from up - again, we certainly love the way we ended the year in terms of significantly beating in our fourth quarter. As we - this year's guidance down 70 is substantially 50 basis points better than what we guided to last year. And two pieces of that, these new store investments are down a bit, but unfortunately this being offset due to the timing of the way to distribution centers opening at Lewistown. That the overall headwinds are a pretty similar, but merchandise margin is flat this year despite still having freight pressures. But certainly less freight pressures than what we have seen in the past. So I'd say the 2 pieces are slight improvement in the store deleverage, from the new stores and also stronger merchandise margin as freight has been monitoring. So those are the 2 big benefits versus last year. But I think the ability to flow through and outperform on and above plan comp is equal or better at HomeGoods as it is probably at any chain.
ErnieHerrman: Michael, I would jump in and echo what Scott just said as far as our objective there just like any. And we have a healthy comp plan there. But the team has made improvements on some of those execution issues. And as I mentioned what happened in the fourth quarter or some of their other businesses. They are really having strong success - there any division, that division also is in a mindset to try to outperform their plans. So that is definitely the attitude.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question. Our last question today comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
KimberlyGreenberger: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks for squeezing me in. Great way to end the year. Ernie, I wanted to start just with a question for you on HomeGoods. The 5% comp in Q4 represents a really material level of acceleration from the first 3 quarters of the year. I'm wondering if you can just talk about the way you saw the year progress at HomeGoods. And what were the differences, you think in the fourth quarter that allowed for that level of acceleration?
ErnieHerrman: Kimberly, great question. And it goes back to I believe, if you go back to not the third quarter call, it would have been the second quarter call. And we talked a bit about some of the not good execution we were having in some of the key categories there. One of the things we try to do and almost every family business has a balanced mix. And so at that first half of the year, we were getting hurt in some of the categories where we were not giving the wide assortment balanced mix in a way. And I really don't want to give what categories they were. But in a way that would have driven the sales and some of those areas were rather large in terms of the impact on HomeGoods. And as we got into third quarter, those areas started to get better. We had a little bit of improvement in the third quarter, if you remember, and to your point that we had major improvement now in the fourth quarter. And as I said before, it was a combination of really making; I would say 75% to 80% fixing the execution issues. But really, as I mentioned earlier, a lot of other categories. We found, the buyers found great opportunities to drive additional sales over what we were even hoping we were going to do. So you had bought, a chunk of the store that was really just outperforming any other trend that they were doing in the first part, which really comes back to execution. I would tell you that our field in addition to the planning allocation area there which flow the goods, 6 less selling days. Okay six less selling days and these guys managed to - as did Marmaxx, as did every division, six less selling days and we have this 6 comp on top of the 4 comp. So, I'm very proud of the team. The Marmaxx guys great also on their flow through. But specifically to your question that went after great gift giving and every division, I would say the other acceleration as I've talked about before the gift giving by our marketing teams have really supported the divisions across the board in terms of yes, you have to have the right goods. Yes, the stores the field organization in HomeGoods was incremental and as well as at the Marmaxx but the marketing teams also there. We really liked our creative on our tribe branding for holiday on the holiday campaign which I think we've gotten great feedback from across the board, HomeGoods was part of that. So, really, we were fortunate, Kimberly in that we had kind of had all Saunders [ph] hit. And I have to tell you we did not Scott and I did not we were pleasantly surprised. We were not thinking we would get to a five. We knew we were getting incremental progress from where we were. But we're very happy with what that team did. Hopefully that answered your question.
KimberlyGreenberger: Yes, it's really great to see. That was perfect, Ernie. And then just one very quick follow up for Scott. Scott, if I step back and look at 2020 in totality, if a year from now we're looking back and you all have managed to deliver a 4% comp rather than the 2% to 3% that's contemplated in your guidance. Should we expect this roughly, excluding any FX pressures that might come that are not contemplated. That operating margin is sort of roughly flat for the year. And is that how we should think about the business on a go forward basis that is sort of 4 comp is a stable operating margin?
ScottGoldenberg: We're planning 2 to 3 comp. And if you're saying would we hope the beat it. I think, as Ernie said, we strive to beat it. And we'd hope to flow through 10 to 20 basis points, certainly on a 4 comp, if that's what was, if that was to happen. So, yes, I mean, that's - but I'm not saying that's our goal, our goal - what our go forward model is, I'd say if we beat it that if we do run a 4 comp, that's what would our goal would be.
KimberlyGreenberger: Fantastic, great, thanks and congratulations.
ErnieHerrman: Thank you, Kimberly.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q3  (2019-11-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the TJX Companies' Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, November 19, 2019. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Aelan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 3, 2019. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in transcripts. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor section of our Web site, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our Web site tjx.com in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our strong third quarter results. Our consolidated comp store sales increase of 4% was well above our expectations and over a very strong 7% increase last year. Earnings per share of $0.68 were also significantly above our plan. I am particularly pleased with the continued strength of our largest division, Marmaxx, as comp store sales increased 4% on top of a very strong 9% increase last year. Once again, we saw strength in both Marmaxx's apparel and home businesses. In addition, I want to highlight the terrific comp and traffic strength of our European business, which drove the 6% comp increase at TJX International. In the third quarter, customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp store sales increases at each of our for major divisions. Clearly, our great values and eclectic mix of quality branded merchandise continue to attract shoppers around the world. Further, this quarter marks the 21st consecutive quarter of customer traffic increases at TJX and Marmaxx. With our excellent third quarter results, we are raising our full year outlook, which Scott will detail in a moment. Looking ahead, the fourth quarter is off to a solid start. We are seeing fantastic product availability across a wide range of brands, and we are in a great position to keep flowing fresh merchandise to our stores and online throughout the holiday season. Longer-term, we are excited about our potential to keep gaining market share and continuing the successful growth of TJX in the U.S. and internationally. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning everyone. As Ernie mentioned, third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 4%, which was over 7% increase last year and well above our plan. Customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at each of our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp sales increases exclude the growth from our e-commerce businesses. Third quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.68, up 8% over the prior years adjusted $0.63 and well above our expectations. Now, Ill recap our third quarter performance by division. We were very pleased that every division delivered a comp increase at or above their second quarter comp over strong results last year. Further, each division exceeded the profit plan -- profit margin plan. Were seeing good momentum at all our divisions heading into the holiday season. Marmaxx comp sales increased 4% over a very strong 9% increase last year, and were driven by customer traffic. Once again, both our apparel and home businesses were strong, which points to Marmaxxs ability to keep raising the bar. Segment profit margin increased 10 basis points. As we being the fourth quarter, we are excited about the initiatives we have planned to keep driving sales and traffic during the holiday season and beyond. HomeGoods comp increased 1% in the third quarter over a strong 7% increase last year. We are very pleased with the HomeGoods two years stock comp increase of 8%, which is a significant improvement compared with 2% two-year stack comp increase in the first half of the year. Segment profit margin was down 40 basis points, primarily due to expense deleverage on the 1% comp. Customers love HomeGoods and we are very confident in its enduring appeal for consumers and the fundamental strength of this division.  TJX Canada's third quarter comp growth of 2% was over a 5% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 180 basis points, primarily due to transactional foreign exchange pressure, higher supply chain costs and lower merchandise margin. We are excited about the holiday initiatives we have planned in Canada and longer term, are convinced we will continue to gain market share in that country through our three Canadian chains. At TJX International, comps grew a very strong 6% in the third quarter. Again, this quarter we saw strength throughout our UK regions and across Europe. In Australia, comp performance continued to be strong. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 20 basis points versus last year. We remain very pleased with the sharp execution of this organization and the terrific result despite the uncertainty of Brexit and the challenging European retail environment. I'll finish with our investment in Familia, which we detailed in our press release. We are excited to have an ownership position in a profitable off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in Russia. We like Familia's strong financial profile and management team. This investment allows us to gain exposure in a new region of the world with an established off-price retailer that has significant growth potential. We are always looking for ways to increase value for TJX's shareholders, and see this as a good use of cash with an attractive return profile. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie. And I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '20 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Now, I'd like to highlight some of the opportunities we see to keep driving sales and traffic in the fourth quarter. First, we are set up extremely well to offer consumers exciting compelling brands for their holiday gift giving. We expect our stores to be as branded as ever across most families of business this holiday season. We are seeing fantastic product availability in the marketplace and our buyers are taking advantage of it throughout numerous categories for wide range of quality, good, better and best brands. Second, we expect to be flowing fresh merchandise to our stores and online even later this year, and multiple times a week throughout the holidays. Regardless of the number of shopping days this holiday season, I am confident consumers will get their shopping done and visit us for exciting gifts for everyone on their list. In addition, post holiday, we remain focused on being a destination for guests throughout the year. Third, we feel great about our holiday marketing campaigns that started airing earlier this month. I hope you have had a chance to see them. Across our divisions, our campaigns are bold in order to distinctly position us as "The Shopping Destination" for inspiring gifts at amazing prices. We also are leveraging our campaigns across digital and social media platforms. Each of our four major divisions will be actively marketing every week throughout the holiday season. Next, we're planning to capitalize on the holiday season to promote our loyalty programs. These programs are important vehicles for us to continue to engage with customers and encourage more frequent visits and cross shopping. Next, we believe our stores provide consumers with convenient and efficient way to shop this holiday season. Our off-mall locations make our stores very easy to access. Once in our stores, shoppers are able to scan an extremely wide selection of merchandise across multiple categories in a very timely manner. Again, we will have something for everyone's shopping gift list in-store and online where they can shop us 24/7. Lastly, we are well positioned with our gift cards, and believe that many consumers will be looking to use them right after the holidays. We feel great about our initiatives and our plans to transition our stores post holiday and are confident that are fresh and exciting selection of merchandise will entice shoppers when they visit us. At the e-commerce, we were very happy with the launch of marshalls.com in September. We are excited to offer consumers the convenience of shopping, both Marshalls and TJ Maxx online whenever they want. As with tjmaxx.com, we are differentiating marshalls.com's offering from our Marshall stores to give consumers a compelling reason to shop both channels. In both our U.S. and UK online businesses, we like the growth and metrics that we are seeing. In closing, we feel great about our momentum heading into the fourth quarter, which is off to a solid start. Long-term, we are confident that we have a significant opportunity to continue growing our customer base and gaining market share around the world. We believe the growth we have seen in Gen Z and millennial customers across all of our major divisions for the last several years bodes well for our future. As always, we remain laser focused on executing our off-price business model. We believe our unwavering commitment to offering consumers excellent values on great brands and fashions, combined with our treasure hunt shopping experience, will continue to be a winning formula for TJX. Now, I'm going to turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. And then, we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Before I provide our detailed guidance, I want to spend a moment and update you on tariffs. Based on the tariffs in place now, we've started to see some pressure on our margins from the goods we see directly sourced from China. This includes the merchandise that we are committed to and the changes in tariff legislation that was announced after our Q2 call. For Q4, our guidance now includes the negative impact from these tariffs. Now moving on to our Q4 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.74 to $0.76, a 9% to 12% increase over the prior year $0.68. We're modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales in the range of $11.7 billion to $11.8 billion. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.4% to 10.6% range versus the prior year's 10.6%. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.6% to 27.8% versus 27.8% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 17.1% versus 17.2% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.8%, $5 million of net interest expense and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.22 billion. Moving on to our full year fiscal '20 guidance. We are raising guidance for fiscal '20 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.61 to $2.63. This would represent 7% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.45. This EPS guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $41.2 billion to $41.3 billion range, a 6% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes 1% negative impact due to translational FX. We are expecting a comp increase of approximately 3% on a consolidated basis. We expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.4% to 10.5%. This would be down 30 basis points to 40 basis points versus the adjusted 10.8% in fiscal '19. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.3% compared with 28.6% last year. We're expecting SG&A, as a percentage of sales, to be approximately 17.8% versus 17.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.7%, net interest expense of about $12 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $1.23 billion. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we now expect comp growth of 3% to 4% on sales of $25.4 billion to $25.5 billion, and segment profit margin in the range of 13.4% to 13.5%. At HomeGoods, we are planning comps to increase 1% on sales of approximately $6.3 billion and segment profit margin to be approximately 10.4%. For TJX Canada, we expect a comp increase of 1% to 2% on sales of approximately $4 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 12.3% to 12.4%. At TJX International, we now expect comp growth of 5% to 6% on sales of $5.5 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency is expected to be approximately 4.9%. It's important to remember that our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. In closing, we look forward to giving you fiscal '21 guidance on our Q4 earnings call in February. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is from Alexandra Walvis.
Alexandra Walvis: My question is on the investment that you made in Russia. Can you talk a little bit about the decision-making process behind that? Why, this market in particular, where you see the growth potential? And how are you thinking about the sort of build versus buy when thinking about new retail formats? Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: The first thing is, you know this, like anything we approach we felt this was a terrific opportunity to become a strategic investor and a business that is pretty much what our off-price and apparel and home fashions business is. So it was a great opportunity for us. It allows us, as you look down the road, a strong financial profile where we see a slightly accretive addition to our earnings beginning in fiscal 2021. But when you boil it down, one of the things that really hit us when we were first engaged with looking at Familia is the DNA of that business is very similar to the way they approach the business, very similar to what we do. You have a strong financial profile where they have profitable margins, low cost structure. They have significant store growth potential with more than 275 stores today, including nearly 50 stores opening in 2019, so you start adding all of these aspects, and by the way, we did a tremendous amount of due diligence. So Scott Goldenberg, Doug Mezy, who is our Senior Executive Vice President and we had Glenn Brenner. We had a whole team that really engaged, did multiple visits. We had Bank of America involved, advising us, PWC. We really were highly engaged on all facets of it, strong management team. Ill tell you one thing that to the core, which was important to us is the relationships that we established during the process. We could tell that their merchant teams were compatible with our merchant teams. In fact, they had set themselves over there with a 100 buyers already in place, and a strong heads of buyers which we love to see, because were very merchant focused. Everything in that model over there as they continue to gain market share in Russia, just screams out that it's very much a nice TJX relationship and investment on our part. Scott, I dont know if you have anything to add
Scott Goldenberg: So just to echo a few things, Ernie talked about important stuff in merchandizing, a lot of families of businesses are similar but there's lot of categories that they still can, both expand and new ones to go in, so we both a lot of great opportunities ahead. But also from -- as a finance guy there, we love their strong balance sheet, their operating cash flow. They finance all of their working capital and store growth from internally generated funds. So love that characteristic about it and still have room to pay a dividend, so well of the financial characteristics. And just in terms of Russia, again, Ernie mentioned the number of stores. There is a lot of white space to open up, and they are really the only effectively off-price retailer in Russia.
Ernie Herrman: Alexandra, theyre expecting to add a similar number of stores over the next three to five years, which is very exciting. And just so you understand, as we move forward, Scott Goldenberg is actually going to be a Board observer and Doug Mizzi will have a seat on their board. Doug Mizzi again, who is our Senior Executive Vice President, who oversees Canada and Australia. So we will have a continued strong relationship in terms of our investment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Ernie, I guess, strongest two-year stack in seven years at Marmaxx, again, despite the highly competitive and promotional backdrop that we're hearing from other retailers. Can you speak to some of the wins that you're seeing across both apparel and home that's really driving this consistent momentum? And anything you particularly highlight as opportunity as we look into the fourth quarter and holiday?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, the two-year stack was strong. I would like to say, which of course, I would do with the teams here. Not as strong as maybe it looks on the two-year stack, because the last year number in Marmaxx was up against a relatively weak number, the third quarter before and full transparency. So having said that, yes, even if we added all three years, as we've done extremely well on our third quarters here, these past two quarters particularly have been driven I think by a branded content and opportunistic. As I mentioned in the beginning of the script, what we'd like Matthew is the availability across a lot of good, better, best brands across numerous families of business in the store, has allowed us and it's really started last year in that third quarter. We've been able to go after a lot of brands within all the different families of business and apparel particularly.  Home has been -- and yes, our home business has been very healthy as well. And I think our teams have done a really good job there going after the category trends there. So less about the brands in our home business and more about the category trends, which I think have been integral to why we've been putting increases on top of the increases. One of the -- and you're talking about Marmaxx. Ironically, one of the things that I just mentioned in terms of that branded content and the branded push we've been having. We feel it's important in every one of the divisions in TJX to keep us differentiate in every geographic area that we're in. So Marmaxx has certainly been the epitome of that, I would say, in the last quarter. But Europe has really had a similar push and more availability on that front and great execution on the categories there in apparel and home as well. And as we go to fourth quarter, I think that was kind of the second part of your question. What we're looking for there, because of the branded content has been so good in a lot of the apparel areas. Oh, by the way, accessories, it's been excellent too, for us; women's accessories as well. Those areas tend to be strong giftable areas for holiday. And so we see the momentum. We've made a lot of the buys for holiday in those areas, obviously, by this point in time. And we have great visibility into that branded, more branded than ever content going into fourth quarter. So great question.
Scott Goldenberg: Matt, the only thing I would add to what Ernie said is just the, like we've seen for, when business is very good and we have the higher comps, is the consistency of the comps across almost all of the regions in the United States and the consistency among on all of our types of stores, the suburban, ex-urban, et cetera. So I think it's the consistency of the comps as well that bodes well for lifting the overall comp.
Matthew Boss: And then Scott, maybe just on SG&A. Well, I know, you're not providing formal guidance today. Just any puts and takes to consider on the expense line as we look ahead, I think would be really helpful.
Scott Goldenberg: Again, no real changes to what we've talked about before. I mean, the supply chain cost, both for this year and going forward is still is the biggest one had mostly having to do with building out our infrastructure investments. But no real changes, wage, all the other ones are similar. Wild cards, obviously, are tariffs, FX, et cetera. And the only other one I would talk about would be probably a little better than what we thought is freight costs due to some of our own strategies that we put in place plus the renewal when we had some of our contract renewals that we said would happen at the end of the third quarter were a little better than we would have thought on some of the inbound freight and some of the outbound freight in terms of what we've been trending. So I think the positive news there. But overall, nothing significantly different than what we've talked about and elaborated on last quarter.
Ernie Herrman: And Matt, I would just like to -- I'm going to circle back also to your question, because one of the thing hit me on the two year stack in Marmaxx. One of the things they've done that's been really terrific, I think I've discussed this with many of you in the past, is the planning organization there that flows the merchandise, we've been chasing a trend. So the buying team and the planning team have just done a great job at staying on top of the sales trend by region of the country and by family of business. So Scott was talking about how the regions have all been healthy. Sales by category have been widespread, but the planning area in Marmaxx I think has done an outstanding job of being able to flow to the sales above plan, because that's not always easy. It's very complicated. And I give our buying teams in Marmaxx and our planning teams, a lot of credit to be able to chase a sales trend that was clearly higher than what we planned it to be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: I just wanted to ask about tariffs, Scott, if I could. It seems like the fourth quarter gross margin guidance, which does include tariff impact, is for sort of flat to 20 basis points of declining gross margin. It seems really quite modest. So were there some remediation efforts you were able to put into place? I guess, I just would have thought maybe there would be a little bit more pressure, but that you guys seem to be managing through it very nicely so far.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, I'll start and then Ernie will jump in. Yes, so overall in the fourth quarter, some of what we've been seeing both in the third and fourth quarter, third quarter and what we think in the fourth quarter is we had improvement in markdowns due to the better sales in the third quarter. We see some opportunity there in the fourth quarter as well. We have seen better buying as well as we move through the third and fourth quarter. Tariffs that we did have more tariff expense due to some of the changes in tariff legislation but mostly, the bigger piece had to do with -- as we committed to goods there were more tariffs that we had to spend. We also, compared to the freight cost as I mentioned just earlier, have come down slightly. So there's less freight costs in the fourth quarter than what we would have seen in the first -- certainly, the first three quarters of the year. So yes, the margins are planned up and would have been up a bit more evenly as we split some FX pressure, primarily internationally. But yes, I think there has been better buying. And Ernie, you can talk about it a bit.
Ernie Herrman: One the benefits that we had is we believe that a lot of vendors have been bringing goods earlier this year, which has been advantage of us and has helped us in the third quarter to mitigate tariffs as such. The issue unfortunately going forward into 2020 is more challenging than that, because we don't have as much visibility as we move forward into next year as to whether or not we can keep mitigating like we have. It remains to be seen what happens with the vendor and competitor pricing. Consumer demand, potential tariff pass through. And we have so much of fiscal '21 that is not committed to versus currently where we have the visibility for this fourth quarter, so much over the next year. We have just a small portion committed to that, it's kind of up in the air, and we're a little suspect as to what we can mitigate for next year. As well as we also unfortunately know that on some of our direct imports, which in the scheme of things isn't huge number. We know we are getting here with tariffs on those. So I have to tell you that for next year, it's a bit of a wait and see, again, until we start to get a little closer to that time period and see what happens with the vendors.
Kimberly Greenberger: Does that your commentary, particularly regarding vendors and their behavior with bringing goods in early? Does that relate to your comments at the end of Q2 or on the Q2 call where you talked about the product availability out in the marketplace is basically some of the best that you've even seen? And does that remain the case?
Ernie Herrman: So I think that has been a help. To the degree, I would say it is not a major driver though. So when we go to our European markets, Canada, here all the markets have had way more goods and it's in categories with the tariffs actually. It's like, yes, some where tariffs are and a lot where tariffs aren't. So that would tell us that it's just a general availability through the roof. I still think some of that, Kimberly, relates to the e-com businesses around the board, because the e-com business, as I think many have been off their projections on sales, and that is creating -- it's less the department stores, it's more the e-com business creating more spill off of merchandise. And I do believe a little component of that might have been tariffs coming in early. But it's beyond what that number would have been.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about the performance with Homesense, and what you might be seeing in terms of cannibalization of the HomeGoods concepts where those two go head-to-head in the same market? Also, curious how you're thinking now that you've got 20 something the Homesense stores, about the best location for Homesense and where it should play relative to HomeGoods in the market? And any early view on how many you might be opening next year? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Paul, I'll start and then Scott can talk to maybe next year stores. But in terms of the cannibalization, what start off as --. So first of all, our Homesense sales had tapered off for a little bit weren't as strong as we had hoped. Part of that is some of the categories that were weak in HomeGoods were also weak in HomeSense. So that was holding us back. In terms of the actual transfer sales, we've seen in total about where we planned it to be. And what it is is the nearby stores have actually had a little less transfer, but stores are little further away than the nearby HomeGoods, because HomeGoods trades -- HomeSense draws from a large radius as is HomeGoods, by the way, more so than a Marmaxx. It was hitting some of the other stores. So in total, we end up with almost identical to what our transfer sales have been planned after cannibalization. So I would say on that front, pretty much on plan. We, in terms of store opening, Scott, do you want to talk about where were at, which as I?
Scott Goldenberg: We really, Paul, havent given any guidance at this point in terms of any of the store openings were doing next year, so still going to have a healthy number of both overall stores for HomeGoods and all that. I would say that our new store openings, in just general thinking about HomeSense HomeGoods, is pretty much on our pro forma or better, so we like what were seeing, both on our HomeGoods stores. HomeSense stores, I think, the one thing we had to do is still work to be done. One thing we have not seen when we were contemplating the model was the amount of wage, freight and certainly in tariff impact, as Ernie has mentioned, a little more impacts for home business. So I think those were pressures that were non-contemplated where we first created the model. Having said that, a lot of work has been done too, and weve seen the results of improving the operational side of the business in terms of some of the expense management has continued to get better. Our margins are continuing to improve. And I think still work to be done, but all moving in the right direction. I think the differentiation in all that is what we would have expected. So I still, as Ernie said, I think, we still think we have lot of room we can improve on the sales and still on operating. But overall, feel pretty good about, like I think as weve seen recently in just home businesses in those categories, were certainly a little bit hit harder in the HomeSense than even the general HomeGoods business.
Paul Lejuez: Just one follow up on Familia. Do you have an option to buy a larger stake at a certain price as part of this initial investment? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Were not going to comment on any of the details. I think overtime we could buy more, but not going into go into any of the -- any further at this point. Obviously, we like what weve done and thats about all we'll comment on now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kate Fitzsimons.
Kate Fitzsimons: My question is on inventory. Could you just speak to your overall inventory strategies? Inventories were up 13%. Should we think about a greater pack away number pushing that inventory balance higher year-on-year, just given what you are seeing with the buying environment? And at 9% on a per store basis, there was a mention at later flows in your prepared commentary. Just any color on how youre thinking about product flow plans for the fourth quarter, and how we should think about that inventory that would be great. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: So this is -- there is a few different reasons why were very comfortable with where we are. First thing is, the inventories are up. Yes, there's a little bit more packaway. That is not the drivers though. It is not that big of a number in the scheme of things. Part of this is -- we had a couple of years where actually our sales were ahead of our inventory growth. So, we are playing a little bit of a catch-up there. But, the number one reason is we're chasing the trend of our business with a market that has been absolutely loaded with goods that we want to take advantage of. And this is really the time when the ultimate opportunistic approach of TJX really comes through. So, this is like primetime for us to say, okay, we are going to -- because we logistically are set up with one of the few retailers, who can flow goods to the stores differently than we own them in DCs. So, what we're able to do right now is even some of it wasn't a packaway, we're able to buy very aggressive if we think the deal at the right cost and at the right retail provides an exciting deal, chase the trend. And the trend in Marmaxx specifically has just been so strong that youd want to keep doing that, obviously. And that's a big driver of that inventory number you're talking about. And then, this allows us to really try to maximize the sales as we go into fourth quarter off of a strong, as you heard about our two-year stack that I think Matt had asked about back in the beginning, that allows us to continue to kind of propel for a healthy two-year stacks as we go forward. And if we end up a little long in something, some of these goods could become packaway, because we bought it so advantageously. So, it's really the ultimate chasing of the business trend. Also, there's a little of the compressed holiday selling window that's entering into play. I think, that's a piece that said, hey, we're better off having this little bit of a reserve inventory to kind of drive the top-line. And again, start with the fact that we're able to buy these goods at advantageous costs. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add to what Ernie said, so we liked what we did last year with a little bit more enhanced flow. And this year, I think, we took a step above that. So, it didn't cause the third quarter ending inventories and to be higher. It's not affecting our operational business. This would be obviously more staged in our distribution centers, waiting to be flowed out to the stores. And as you can see in our third quarter, as we talked about our per store inventories, where we wanted to be, particularly at Marmaxx, and our markdown rates came down. So, we feel good about the overall management and go forward. Obviously, I think, it will come down. But, there will still be more packaways likely at the end of this year, when we end the year than what we had in a prior year.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Sole.
Jay Sole: A lot of retailers talked about how maybe August was okay, but September was really tough because of weather. It just sounds like from the comp at Marmaxx that you didn't see that kind of trend. Was that the case? Like, can you talk about maybe what you saw by month and why maybe you weren't impacted by warm weather or whatever was going on in September?
Ernie Herrman: Jay, we don't break it down by month. But, what I can tell you is we had a fairly consistently healthy quarter in that sales -- it wasn't one of these quarters where it was like up and down. It was just pretty consistent. So, again, we don't give breakdowns by month, but it was consistent.
Jay Sole: And then, maybe if you can just talk a little bit about just the -- little bit more on the transportation cost. I know you sort of said it came a little bit better. Do you -- maybe, is it possible to dimensionalize like how transportation costs, when you renewed those contracts, changed on a year-over-year basis, just maybe directionally?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I'm not going to unpack it all. But, the biggest piece for us was on our inbound rates were significantly less than what we had planned. Again, there was a step down on the outbound rates, but less to do with the negotiations with just a bit of a natural dropdown on what those increases were. So, that was the biggest driver. Fuel costs have been not a big factor. I think, one of the things -- we're not going to go too much into -- overall, the rest of the rates, whether they were ocean rates or intermodal rates, still had low the mid-single-digit increases, so no real change there. The one wildcard for next year, which is to be determined [ph] is the ocean freight, in ocean freight, there's going to be some requirements for a low sulfur fuel to be determined when that's going to go into effect, but it could have some higher rates on the ocean freight next year. But overall, it was really -- it was the truckload deliveries on the inbound that were the biggest savings. And that's really what it is. So, that's it, Jay, on that.
Operator: Your next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Ernie, I wanted to ask you a follow-up to one of the comments you made about the inventory availability at the end of the quarter being really good. You made a comment that a lot of it is coming from the e-commerce channel. I'm trying to understand exactly what that dynamic is. Is its traditional retailers e-commerce businesses that are overstocked in those DCs are ending with too much inventory or are you seeing it from pure e-commerce businesses? Maybe help unpack what you meant by that. I would appreciate it.
Ernie Herrman: So, Omar, across all fronts, so what you have is you have your vertical -- and here's the good news, it's fairly widespread. So, you have your vertical e-com players, so brands that have their own e-com sites, difficult for -- I would, by the way -- and I would lump all e-com players into the challenge and their defense predicting me -- remember most -- almost all the goods they're selling on their websites are imported goods with long lead times. So, they are trying to predict e-com sales by category and item, not so easy to do. They don't have all the years of history that brick and mortar retailer would have. And it's always been a little bit more volatile for those guys to try to predict their needs relative to -- and that's on a category or an item and on their needs. And that whole challenge applies really to the vertical e-com players as well as the guys that have brick and mortar and e-com sites, because you're still running into a challenge of being long on certain categories because the need -- the sales just haven't been what you thought. By the way, doesn't mean they don't have categories where they -- sales were better than they thought and they didn't have enough, right, in total. In total its just -- because there were so many e-com players now spread out across the board, it is yielded from whether the vertical guys or the multichannel guys that has yielded -- and by the way that applies to whether it's accessory categories or apparel categories, hard lines, I would say, there is a growing chunk of our off-price buys are coming from that channel, and those are the reasons. If you were kind of wanted -- if you spent a week in one of those offices there in e-com, youd see how -- where you are placing goods so far ahead on a website and trying to predict the need, its just very difficult. And most of them are on a high growth pattern, which adds to the volatility of their ability to project.
Omar Saad: This is really helpful insight. Fair enough. Thank you very much. It's really helpful, Ernie. Thanks. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Mark Altschwager.
Mark Altschwager: You had a nice change in trajectory in the HomeGoods operating margin in the quarter. You raised your guidance there for the year. I was hoping you just a little bit more about the drivers to that performance and the upside to your expectations. And, how should we be thinking about the margin trajectory on HomeGoods from here?
Scott Goldenberg: I'll jump in Mark for a second on that. I think, similar to what Ernie is just saying about the buying environment, I think, HomeGoods has taken advantage all year, particularly in the third quarter of buying better than what was planned, even despite having as Ernie indicated, higher tariff impacts, but we -- certainly a lot better buying. We were able to leverage some on the markdown line, even with the one comp, some of that's a technical opportunity versus the prior. But nonetheless, we controlled the inventory very well. So, merchandise margins were certainly a big factor there. As we said also, when we did the first call at the beginning of the year that the supply chain costs and the freight costs would be more first half weighted. And the supply chain piece of it was going to be a bigger impact in the first two quarters because we cycled the opening of the Cataract, [ph] in New Jersey distribution opening in the third quarter. So, started to see that drop a bit. So, that was a piece of it and the freight costs are going to be lower in the back half of the year than the first half. So, those three components made up the rest. And then, I would say HomeGoods did a particularly good job on the lower than planned comp of mitigating and doing a great job of expense management. So, that was substantially better than what we had thought. So, the combination of expense management, the lower change in the supply-chain and the freight and the better merchandise margin due to better buying primarily was the difference between the third quarter and the first half of the year.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. And then, on HomeGoods, I know you talked about some of the inventory mix being a drag on that comp last quarter. Do you feel like youve worked through that -- some of the suboptimal inventory as you head into the fourth quarter?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Mark, I would say we actually still have work to do on some of those areas and departments that we have not been happy with the execution. So, stay tuned on that. I think, we have a lot of work to do. We have other areas that I think have actually ticked up and that's where youre getting the sequential improvement. In those other areas, I would say were still not happy with where we are and hoping more by the first quarter that we would have those more straightened out. So, yes, still more work to be done. Im very happy with the way were entering the quarter in total in terms of better momentum than where we were six months ago, but not really specifically in those categories.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. And best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. Do you see any opportunities to take price to offset some of the tariff pressure next year, or should we model tariff offsetting any easing of freight costs, as we look to fiscal 2021?
Ernie Herrman: Hi, Lorraine. Actually, we do not see that at all for the next year. In terms of tariffs, we have not moved -- we havent seen any retails moving in the environment. So, thats part of -- we are going to be the last retailer to ever do any retail adjustments. And we have not seen in any of the categories an ability on our part because we havent seen it in the competition. We havent seen any retail strangely enough going up. Some of the categories where -- and specifically in the home area where the tariffs have hit, are actually areas that are under pressure in terms of value. And we probably wouldnt be the -- there is some of the less likely areas that we could actually raise retails. We would like -- by the way, we would like to, I wish that was the case. And so, as a result, when you go to the next year, again, this is why we are apprehensive about saying that we can mitigate the tariffs because it could be a challenge based on the lack of a visibility that we have now right now. Its just having us on the standby, the standby mode. And we really dont want to commit to being able to mitigate, at least not today.
Lorraine Hutchinson: And then, do you have any insight or guardrails around how next years earnings growth could look in those scenarios?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Ill jump in, Lorraine. Yes. So, I think, basically, since we havent -- as Ernie has said, we havent bought the vast majority of the goods, its still early to tell. There is just too much volatility and what could or could not happen with the pricing. So, well comment it, obviously, on that we get to the next call when three plus months from now we should have a better indication of what well have, at least a meaningful amount of buying, having taken place. So, not the answer you probably want to hear, but were not going to barely go through any scenarios or give any guidance at this point in time.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Kernan.
John Kernan: Good morning, guys. And thanks and congrats on all the moment as we head into next year.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
John Kernan: Scott, a question on SG&A. Youve made quite a few investments in supply chain this year, both on the SG&A as well as CapEx. Just wondering how that effects your ability to leverage SG&A as we go into next year and just how we should thematically think about SG&A as a source of long-term margin upside?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, not commenting too much about next year guidance, supply chain, most of our -- we spend a lot of money, a lot of its in remodelling our stores, opening new stores, opening new distribution centers in the short-term to medium-term. The growth on adding new distribution centers is still a deleverage point for us, it should be a similar amount. And that's about all we're going to say long -- and we're not really going to answer the longer term piece of it at this point. So, it's -- I don't want to comment on what may or may not happen several years from now. At the moment, I would just say, same thing I said in the last call, looks to be a similar amount of deleverage, at least just specifically talking about supply chain.
John Kernan: Any color you can give us on CapEx in terms of where that -- the direction into next year, obviously stepped up a bit this year, I think related to some of the supply chain investments?
Scott Goldenberg: Again, too early to make the call. I mean, we stepped up our capital this year, a couple hundred million, but it looks to be at this point, less than what we thought. We think, our cash position will be a bit better than what we thought. That's really due to a combination of a lot of factors. So, I think CapEx will be -- probably would not be that much different into what we had planned it for this year. I think, this year will end up less, which means will just be a timing of capital moving for projects that didn't get done this year into next year. So, but we're not going to give a specific number. I would say this year's number is a good guide to what we would do next year.
Operator: And we do have time for one final question. Our last question today is from Bob Drbul.
Bob Drbul: Just wondering if you could comment on TK Maxx in the UK and what's happening there. And I'm not sure, if you gave this, but the mix for the Russian investment in terms of the merchandise mix, vendor overlap in terms of apparel, just sort of how that shakes out versus where you guys are today? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Bob, on the TK Maxx business, we couldn't be happier, obviously. The one thing we -- in the earlier release and the script that we cant highlight as much as I'd like to talk to right now with you is just the market share that we keep capturing. And it's just been off the charts if you start actually looking at whats happening in retail over there. And again, I would go back to our teams have just done a fantastic job. And that goes from every portion from their logistics, from their flow and their planning area there, similar as to what I mentioned at Marmaxx earlier. They have kept not easy to drive the sales trend to those comps when you -- again, as you know, culturally in this Company, we plan conservatively. And they are right now running strongly ahead of what the conservative plans are. That requires a buying team and a merchandise planning team and a store execution and logistics, DCs, marketing team. Scott, of course would say a finance team as well, that would all be contributing to a strong trend there that is really right now performing very well. So, just very happy with, again, in terms of the mix you were asking about, it really goes back to what I said in the beginning though. They have just delivered, in their case, more of the better and best branded goods. So, yes, its across almost every family of business. I happened to just be there a week ago. And when I was in the stores, I was just seeing with the teams we were looking at the branded content throughout the different categories of goods. And I really haven't seen it to that level really ever before on one of my visits over there. And Scotts actually been there recently. I think he and his guys have seen the same thing. Scott? 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Id just jump in. I'm not going to comment on the merchandise content. But, in terms of the overall, I mean, some of the other factors we just love, what we see there's that conversion has been great across all of their markets. The performance, like we talked about Marmaxx across consistent -- really consistent across all of the countries that we do business there. The new stores are performing well. We're opening a lot of vendors, which I think Ernie was alluding to. Some of it's due to e-commerce. Vendors -- one of the things that we particularly like and have alluded to earnings, talking about the market share, but our performance versus the best we can determine versus retailers, whether it's in Europe or the UK, that outperformance, particularly in the UK is strikingly better and is also much, much better than the European retailers. So, love that. We've maintained that delta. And we've done a pretty good job in the last two years of maintaining our margins compared to what a lot of other retailers in Europe have done with the pressure that's been due to -- with both Brexit, wage, and the FX impact, which they have a lot and the currency. So, feel real good about how we've held up. And certainly, as Ernie commented, the number one thing being this great top line sales. So, yes, feel real good about our business going into the holiday season.
Ernie Herrman: And then, your part B, Bob, I think was on Familias mix. Right now, we wouldn't comment on how much it overlaps or not. I will tell you -- and I think Scott said this in the beginning, they do run a full line store, similar to what we do. And they have home division; they have multi families of business. And I think there's some obviously vendors that would overlap and a fair amount that don't. But again, we think it's a good relationship.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think, yes, two things I just want to add on that. There is, I think plenty of merchandise, same thing we would say here with us and competitors, and there's plenty of merchandise availability in Europe as well. But, one thing I just do want to also add is our e-com business in the UK is particularly strong in combination with the strong brick and mortar. We're almost -- we have bridged the 7% of UK sales on our e-com with strong brick and mortar, so that you feel real pleased with how we're doing both segments there. And almost 50% of goods that are ordered are Click and Collect. So again, that's something that a bit differentiated there with our e-commerce business.
Ernie Herrman: And one of the pluses, as you know, we talk about here is our e-com business, we purposely keep it differentiated, so that we don't cannibalize our stores as much. So, over there, maybe not as differentiated as here, but still differentiated with the goal of having the customer shuffle. So, I think that was our last question. And we've enjoyed the call. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-08-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies' Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At that time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, August 20, 2019. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Jordan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 3, 2019. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on website, tjx.com in the Investors section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'll start with our second quarter results. Earnings per share were $0.62, which was at the high end of our plan and was over strong result last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased 2% over last year's very strong 6% increase and in line with our plan. Once again, customer traffic drove the consolidated comp sales increase and was up at each of our four major divisions. Further, this quarter marks the 20th consecutive quarter of customer traffic increases at TJX and Marmaxx. We were particularly pleased with the comp increase in our Marmaxx apparel business, which was in line with the chain. We believe we have been attracting consumers across all age groups, at all of our major divisions and gaining more younger customers. In today's difficult retail environment, we are extremely pleased with our sales and customer traffic increases, the strength of our apparel business and the market share we've gained around the world. This underscores the consistency of our business and the enduring appeal of our off-price values and treasure-hunt shopping experience. Looking ahead, the third quarter is off to a solid start. We are laser focused on executing our business model and have many initiatives planned to keep driving sales and traffic in the second half of the year. We have plenty of liquidity and are in an excellent position to take advantage of the marketplace that is loaded with quality goods, goods which are widespread across categories and a range of brands. We are convinced that we remain in a great position to capture market share around the world for many years to come. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 2% over a strong 6% last year and in line with our plan. Customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increase. Our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce sites. Second quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.62, up 7% over the prior year's $0.58 and at the high end of our plan. Now to recap our second quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comp sales increased 2% over a very strong 7% increase last year. Further comp sales were once again driven by customer traffic. Again, apparel performance was in line with the Marmaxx's overall comp, which is great to see in today's retail environment and home outperformed. Segment profit margin decreased 20 basis points, in line with what we anticipated. As we begin the third quarter, we are excited for the many initiatives we have planned to drive sales and traffic in the second half of the year. HomeGoods comp was flat in the second quarter. We believe this was mostly due to issues in a few categories that we will work on improving in the third quarter. Segment profit margin was down 170 basis points. This was primarily due to expense deleverage on the flat comp, costs related to our supply chain, expenses related to new store openings and higher markdowns. We continue to see a long-term opportunity to capture additional share of the US home market. TJX's second quarter comp increased 1% over a strong 6% increase last year. On a two year stack basis, the comp was up 7%, an improvement from the first quarter. We believe unseasonable weather in the first month of the quarter negatively impacted sales. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was down 230 basis points. This was primarily due to transactional foreign currency pressure, as well as deleverage on the softer comp sales. We remain very confident in the long-term growth prospects for all three of our Canadian chains. At TJX International comp sales grew a strong 6% in the second quarter. Once again, we saw strength throughout our UK regions and across Europe. In Australia, comp performance continued to be very strong. Adjusted segment profit margin at TJX International, excluding foreign currency was down 30 basis points versus last year. Adjusted segment profit margin would have been up without the negative impact of transactional foreign exchange. We are convinced that we have been capturing significant market share as many other major retailers across Europe report slower sales growth and close underperforming stores. I'll finish with our shareholder distributions. During the second quarter we returned $579 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. We bought back $300 million of TJX stock, retiring 5.6 million shares and paid $279 million in dividends to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we have bought back $650 million of TJX stock and paid $570 million in dividends. For the full year, we anticipate buying back approximately $1.75 billion of TJX stock. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I'll recap our third quarter and full year fiscal '20 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Today, I'll recap the core strengths of our business that have been key to our success and consistency through many kinds of retail and economic cycles throughout our history. We see these as major advantages to our winning retail formula in today's uncertain consumer environment. First is our opportunistic buying in world-class global buying organization. Our buyers have greater autonomy which allows them to be nimble in the marketplace and seek out the best goods at the best deals around the world. Second, we source from a global universe of over 21,000 vendors, almost double the size we were talking about a decade ago, which affords us huge flexibility on sourcing. Third, we serve a very wide customer demographic and offers them a broad range of merchandise across good, better and best brands. We believe our global growth opportunity sets us apart as we are the only major brick and mortar off-price retailer in Canada, Europe and Australia. Next, our flexible store format and distribution network allow us to flex our merchandise assortments to take advantage of hot categories and brands and react to consumer and market trends. Lastly, we operate a diversified portfolio of retail chains in the US and internationally, which allows us to capitalize on attractive real estate locations and many different demographic areas. Our diversified portfolio also helps balance and support the consistency of our consolidated company performance. All of our key strengths have been developed and refined over multiple decades, specifically to support our highly integrated global business. Most importantly, these strengths support our relentless focus on offering consumers excellent values every day. Now, I'll highlight the opportunities we see that keep driving sales and traffic in the second half of the year. First, we are seeing phenomenal product availability across widespread categories and a range of major brands, some of which we believe is related to tariffs. We are very comfortable with our in-store inventory levels and are in great position to take advantage of the plentiful supply we are seeing. This gives us enormous confidence in our ability to bring consumers the right fashions at the right values throughout the upcoming fall and holiday selling season. Second, we feel great about our store merchandising plans and are confident that our teams will execute on these initiatives. We are particularly excited about our gifting initiatives as we continue to focus on being a destination throughout the year, beyond major holidays. Third, we have very strong marketing campaigns in place for the fall and holiday season. While I can't share the details of them just yet I can tell you that each of our divisions will continue to message around great values and brands, while highlighting the excitement and entertainment value of our treasure-hunt shopping experience. We believe we have the right mix of television and digital advertising to capture the attention of new consumers, while staying top of mind with our existing customers. Lastly, we are thrilled with the customer growth we are seeing in our loyalty programs in the US, Canada and the UK and believe significant opportunity remains to grow each of them. These programs allow us to further engage with shoppers and encourage them to visit our stores more frequently. At e-commerce, we continue to be pleased with our US and UK business. Each of our online sites are highly complementary to our physical stores and our differentiated online merchandise mix gives the consumers a compelling reason to shop us both online and in our stores. We are preparing for the e-commerce launch of Marshalls, which we anticipate in the second half of the year. We believe this is something our current customers are waiting for and are excited about the potential to attract new customers to this banner. In closing, we look to the second half of the year, we feel great about the momentum in our business, our solid start to the third quarter and our initiatives underway to keep driving our sales, customer traffic and market share gains, both in the US and internationally. We are thrilled with the tremendous buying opportunities we see in the marketplace, and are in an excellent position to take advantage of them. The fundamental strength and flexibility of our off-price model and our long track record of consistency underscore our confidence in today's retail environment. Longer term, we see enormous potential to deliver our off-price values to more consumers around the globe. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Before I provide our detailed guidance, I want to spend a moment on tariffs. We continue to monitor the developments very closely and are currently analyzing the proposed list for tariff information. Based on what we know today, we have included a small negative tariff impact in our full year guidance only for the merchandise that we've already committed to. We're planning to offset this impact primarily through opportunities in the favorable buying environment and expense savings. However, we have not yet committed to most of our merchandise for the fourth quarter. Therefore, it remains difficult for us to forecast the impact, if any, and the extent to which we could mitigate it. It remains to be seen what happens with vendor and competitor pricing, consumer demand, potential tariff pass-throughs and the fluctuation of the Chinese currency. Over the long term, we are convinced that the flexibility of our business that has helped us navigate through both strong and weak times throughout our long history will continue to be a major advantage. Above all, we will always maintain a value gap for our customers. Now to our full year fiscal '20 guidance. To be clear, we are maintaining our back half and full-year EPS estimates. We continue to expect full year EPS to be in the range of $2.56 to $2.61. This would represent a 4% to 7% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.45, which excluded a $0.02 negative impact from a pension settlement charge. This EPS guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $40.9 billion to $41.2 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. This guidance now assumes a 1% negative impact due to translational FX. We continue to expect 2% to 3% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We continue to expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.4%. This would be down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 10.8% in fiscal '19. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.1% to 28.2% compared with 28.6% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 17.8% versus 17.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.8%, net interest expense of about $3 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.23 billion. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we continue to expect comp store growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $25.2 billion to $25.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.2% to 13.3%. At HomeGoods, we are now planning comps to increase 1% on sales of approximately $6.3 billion and segment profit margin to be in the range of 10.0% to 10.1%. For TJX, Canada, we expect a comp increase of 1% to 2% on sales of approximately $4 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency is expected to be in the range of 12.3% to 12.4%. At TJX International, we now expect comps of 4% to 5% on sales of $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency is now expected to be approximately 4.9%. Moving on to Q3 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.65, a 0% to 3% increase over the prior year's adjusted $0.63. We're modeling, third quarter consolidated sales in the range of $10.2 billion to $10.3 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth of approximately 1% to 2% on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. As a reminder, Q3 was our strongest quarter last year with a 7% consolidated comp increase and a 9% comp at Marmaxx. Third quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.3% to 10.5% range versus the prior year's adjusted 11.0%. We're anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.3% to 28.5% versus 28.9% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 18.0% versus 17.9% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.9%, $3 million of net interest expense and a weighted average share count, again, of approximately 1.23 billion. Our third quarter and full-year guidance implies a fourth quarter comp of 2% to 3% on EPS of $0.74 to $0.77. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. It's important to remember though our guidance for the third quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the quarter, of the third quarter. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is now open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thank you so much. I wanted to just look back at Q2 and ask about comps. Were there any -- maybe you can just talk about where you were pleased with comp, were there any areas of disappointment? And Ernie, I think you said, specifically you felt good about the start of Q3. So if you have any color you could add there, that would be great. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Kimberly. First of all, let me -- a bit of across the board, and I'm not going to be specific on a category here. We had our sales impacted negatively in May. So the weather in Q2, I should point that out, that was kind of a big issue. Our May business was softer, and then our June, July picked up fairly significantly relative to our May comp. And that was really a -- like a Marmaxx and a Canada and a Europe on the full-line stores. So we saw acceleration in June, July versus May. We had in HomeGoods, I'll go right to that, where, obviously, we were disappointed with our comps, we had a few categories of merchandise that we are still working on, fixing some executional issues. The model there is, we turned quickly, so the assumption might be that, you would be able to fix them rather rapidly. The issue there is, we have on-order in some of those categories specifically, we had a fair amount of on-order and we honor our commitments. Kimberly, you probably heard us talk about that in the past. So we don't just cancel orders, even if we feel like it's in the wrong category or the wrong merchandise per se. So we took our markdowns, we worked that. And as a result, to your later point, we're feeling good about the beginning of Q3, we're up to, I would call it, a very solid start and we're feeling that way, HomeGoods is feeling like it's incrementally improving and Marmaxx, specifically is feeling very good from a standpoint of the amount of availability out there and what we've been seeing in the first couple of weeks of business and the market with this, I think the word we used on the script was phenomenal availability. It's just been across all different levels of brands and different categories. And so, I guess, if you look big picture, you would say Q2 start off rather slow, got a little better as it went on and we have a little bit of that momentum now going into Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss. Your line is now open.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter, guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Matthew.
Matthew Boss: I guess, maybe a combination for Ernie and Scott. As we think about the margin headwinds that we've been facing this year and the last couple, whether it's freight, wages, supply chain, I guess any items in this year's 4% to 7% earnings guidance that you see changing as we think next year and multi-year? And then Scott, maybe more specifically, how confident are you in that ability to offset tariffs? It sounds like, nice flexibility in the model versus some others out there?
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. I'll take the -- actually first part of the question. Ernie is going to take more of the second. The -- in terms of the costs, not much -- again, I think the -- we've kind of laid out the major components of supply chain wage and freight costs. At this point in time, not giving guidance for next year, but would not expect major changes in supply chain, at least in the near term. Mid-term, long term we would hope to mitigate and have a lower deleverage on the supply chain costs. The wage is pretty -- At this point, again, it's based on what we know in all the states and what they're doing and what we've been seeing in the marketplace. The deleverage in that 10 to 15 basis points would be similar to this year. So no changes at this point to our longer-term guidance on that one. And then a bit of the wild card is freight. Freight at this point the spot rates are going down as -- and it's the differential between the spot and what you can contract your rates stay the way they are. As we move through the fourth quarter when a large amount of our contracts get renewed or renegotiate we would expect rates to drop from what we currently are seeing and that could portend well for a benefit next year and that's about the extent I could really talk about. Ernie. I'm going to turn it over to Ernie on tariffs. The only thing I'd say from a numerical point of view on tariffs to kind of reiterate my statement I said at the -- when I started the third -- the back half guidance with, we have the tariffs built in through list one, two, three and four. And what we've committed to and not what we're committed to and largely have been able to offset at this point in time, whether it's due to the tariffs or just the great buying environment. As Ernie alluded to, those costs related to the tariffs. And I'll turn it over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So, Matthew. On the tariffs, one of the -- it's a bit of a short-term, long-term story here. Short-term, we believe some of the advantageous buys that we're making more recently could be due to early delivery of tariff category merchandise. So hopefully that makes sense to you. Longer-term, I think it's to be seen. We believe we are in the right model of business to eventually be on the tail end of that and so we're in -- I think that's position to be able to moderate any risk and not even have to make retailing decisions till we see what happens around us. So if you think about that, that really moderates the risk. We will never give up our GAAP in terms of the value of the retail of our goods versus the other retailers. If the tariffs on the categories that got split out and when you look at the list, September where many categories that take place in September, portions of those categories got moved and delayed till December. Remember, where the chunk of the way we buy goods is excess inventories. So we really -- our buyers really only need to focus on what is the right retail value. So it kind of self-insulates us from the dynamics of having to figure out what's going to happen, when it happens on those goods. We have a small portion which Scott talked about, that we've already figured out on the small degree of goods that we import on our own and that's a tiny amount. So I think short-term, we probably get a little advantage, strangely enough in this situation. Probably washes out over the midterm. And then I would say, long term we could see a benefit again, possibly. I hesitate to say that, because we could get hit with some costs also. So sorry for the lot of moving parts answer, but that's what we're dealing with on this subject.
Matthew Boss: That's great color. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is now open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. The fourth quarter earnings guidance implies a nice acceleration in both sales and earnings growth. Can you just talk through the factors that give you confidence in that guidance?
Scott Goldenberg: I'll start off and Ernie probably jump in on the sales component. I think as we laid out early in the year that the -- some of our costs are a timing where supply chain costs are less in the back half and we would expect to be less of the third quarter. Some of that has to do with the timing that we opened up DCs last year, where we're anniversarying. So we expect some of the costs such as that to be lower in the fourth quarter. There is a bit of a tax benefit in the fourth quarter that's built into the rate. So that's part of the -- part of what the EPS gain is. In terms of -- I think what you're alluding to is the sales piece of it. We have a similar two year stack in the third and fourth quarter for TJX.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. Lorraine, we're up against a 1% lower comp in Q4 than we are in Q3. And then, I think a big portion here is, when you look at the situation in the marketplace right now with this phenomenal availability. And it's where we really haven't seen it across, it's not just about good-better-best brands, it's across all different categories within the store and then the household brands within those stores, like for example, our Europe business right now. One region that is actually healthier than we've seen our Europe business in years is the amazingly unusual amount of -- in that case, better brands over there and new brands. We've been opening up in every division more recently, more new brands, but in Europe, specifically, they have really ramped up and it shows in their sales column, obviously. And we are feeling like, as we go to Q4 here and based on what's domestically available and the opportunity for Marmaxx. If you look historically and I've mentioned it in the script, we have been aiming to become more of a gift destination. So, not just at holiday, but even in the other gift giving time periods from Mother's Day to Father's Day, Valentine's Day. You named the gift giving time periods. We are now trying to go more after that and we've executed better at that. So we're feeling pretty bullish on the amount of ammunition. We're also looking at the way we were buying our merchandise margin mark-up in Q2 was just okay, but because of what's been happening over the last four to six weeks, our -- the nature of the buys on-order for Q3 and Q4, which we're already getting some visibility on that, they are tending to have a healthier mark on what we have been tracking at and the branded content on that on-order has also kicked up a notch, which is also making us brands in Q4 kind of go together because it tends to be more of a gift item, people like to give better brands. So we feel very bullish from that perspective. I hope that answered the bulk of your question there, Lorraine.
Lorraine Hutchinson: It does. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about merchandise margins which are -- is it down overall? Can you talk about how margins looked by concept and the drivers in terms of mix, initial markups, which I think you just mentioned Ernie. Maybe promotions required to drive sales? And then second, just hoping to get a little bit more detail on your international segment. Which countries are really driving the strong results and are there any performing below plan? Thanks, guys.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah, I'll start and Ernie you can give -- Ernie is going to give some color on, probably everything I'm going to talk about. But in terms of your last comment in terms of sales in the international segment, it's kind of what we alluded to in the script. I mean, it's really been very, very strong and consistent sales, whether it's in Europe and across all of the geographies within Europe. So I wouldn't -- really wouldn't want to point everything out and it's the consistency of that. And also within the UK as we've called out for the last three, four quarters, a very healthy and consistent comp sales increase within all the regions within the UK as well. So I think that uniformity has been pretty good. I think -- maybe I'll just turn and I'll go back to why that we see that in Europe. I think it mostly has to do as always with the merchandise mix that we've seen.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. They increase, Paul. So, without a doubt the increased branded penetration, better branded penetration in Europe has been key to us driving numerous categories. So many families of business are healthy and to your overall question, I think we mentioned this before. Our apparel and home businesses in total our running eerily similar in trend. Right, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes.
Ernie Herrman: So that is -- and we're seeing that really across the board, which is always a healthy thing. We're always better off when we're going into the next quarter seeing no big dip or issue in one end of that spectrum. Our concern particularly has been when apparel was a little weak, we're not feeling as bullish going forward. Unfortunately, our apparel business has been strong, given that we're apparel based. So that's been a positive. I think in terms of the -- were you asking about the merchandise margin? And I think Scott started to touch on that, but the environment we're in right now, I believe, is what's helping us on the going forward, because I think some of the issues with the tariffs didn't start to benefit on the earlier deliveries, didn't talk to benefit us until recently, which is why I think it's kind of a -- more of a Q3 or Q4, even more so, potential benefit on our mark-up, while still showing, obviously, the values. We will not give up on the way we retail the goods. So, I don't know
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I'll drive back on the -- jump back in on the some of what I think Paul was alluding to on the overall gross profit. Let's start with the international divisions. As you know, the currency impact in Europe are largely due to -- is likely due to the Brexit. We've had unfavorable currency situation there. And in Canada, where the Canadian dollar for -- which has been now ongoing for a number years has -- both have continued to lower versus when we originally gave guidance at the beginning of the year. So a large part of the Canadian deleverage, both between the mark on pressure on their currency and their transactional FX was due to the currency impact. So a good chunk of their merchandise margin was virtually due to the FX impact. And similarly in our international segment, a bit less, but we also saw a impact, a significant impact on our merchandise margin by the FX impact. Moving over to the Marmaxx and HomeGoods. HomeGoods had -- they're buying was very good as Ernie alluded to, in terms of how we've been buying it, also they've been buying well as well on their mark on, but with the comp that we had there, we feel -- what we feel real good is that we ended the inventory position in HomeGoods in excellent shape, open to buy is in excellent shape, but we did take as we always do, we took our markdown. So there gross margin was down primarily due to markdowns, although they bought bit better, it wasn't able to offset the markdown pressure we saw in the second quarter. At Marmaxx, again, as Ernie alluded to, we've been buying better. Really the second quarter deleverage on their merchandise margin was largely due to freight and some due to mark-on, but the mark-on was really due more to mix and having some more partially due to also some more best brands. So feel real good about the mark-on, pretty much across the board even with the currency going up as we move into the third and fourth quarter. But again, so it's freight and some mark-on issues due to currency and the markdowns at HomeGoods that really were the merchandise margin story for the quarter. I just want to reiterate though that, overall, our gross profit margin and SG&A were essentially in line with our guidance. So there was really no surprises, other than a bit of the markdowns in HomeGoods for the quarter.
Paul Lejuez: Yeah. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roxanne Meyer. Your line is now open.
Roxanne Meyer: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and great quarter. Quick follow-up on HomeGoods. I know you mentioned that you had some orders that were -- that you need to fulfill in 2Q and really that's what led to the continuation of some issues there. What is the overhang left as it relates to orders that are still committed for 3Q, how exposed are you still there? And then, can you give us an update on HomeSense in terms of how it's performing and how you're thinking about the longer-term growth opportunities for that part of the business? Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: Okay, Roxanne I will take the first part and Scott and I will probably both talk about HomeSense. The category -- I would say, we've gotten through, I don't know, three quarters of the on-order issue in those categories. And some of it will still probably go into the beginning of Q3. However, because those categories as a percent of the total business aren't as high. We should see some incremental progress in Q3 in our sales. So we are feeling really better, better positioned going into Q3. Yes, we have some liability there, but I would say it is now largely -- a chunk of it is behind us. But not completely, so I want to -- I want to say we still have some older in some of those departments that, again, we would never -- we do not cancel goods, even if we know we will reprice the goods, put it out of what we think is the right value. And by the way, we did take out mark down appropriately in HomeGoods that's what we also do to make sure that kind of [ph] address the problem and we adjust the mix as we go forward, which is why we're pretty confident that HomeGoods will start to show incremental sales improvement in Q3. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I just wanted to -- I think, Ernie covered it all. I just want to clarify in terms of the -- we have right-sized and lowered our HomeGoods comp from our original plan and reflected that based on what Ernie said in the third quarter. So that's why we feel we have the appropriate level at this point of comp sales in the plan. And as you probably saw that, we lowered our overall sales for the year to reflect that, so we feel, again, you never can say you've de-risk it all. But we feel comfortable with what we have in there at this point, particularly for the third quarter. Moving on to HomeSense. So we have 16 stores planned to open for HomeSense this year and approximately in the 8 to 10 at this for next year. When we originally opened up the business, we didn't have the -- some of the freight costs, which are certainly more -- little more outsized for HomeSense than they are for HomeGoods. And some of the same issues that have impacted us at HomeGoods are also weighing on HomeSense as well. However, having said that, we were making improvements in overall gross margin and store expense to get those costs lower and we see our four-wall margins improving from last year to this year. So, still a lot of work to be done, but some of the key metrics are improving, but I think that's all we'd want to say, I think, at this point Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: And Roxanne, these are the times. When you see this is one of the beauties of TJX is, having a portfolio that's fairly diversified, not in terms of the model of the business, but in terms of the geographic locations. And when we do want to cross an execution miss here or there. Fortunately, we have other brands or banners that tend to offset those. So at this time, yes, we have a HomeGoods business which ran a slower comp than we wanted to see, and then we were fortunate enough to have Europe this time go the other way and more than offset. Just like, for a couple of years we had HomeGoods running major comps, as you know, for years and years, while Europe was running one type of a comp. So I guess the beauty of TJX, is when you do have multiple brands in multiple countries that helps us to even off our results.
Scott Goldenberg: The only other thing I would say on HomeGoods going is that. We feel good about lot of the initiatives, the marketing initiatives
Ernie Herrman: Across HomeGoods, Marmaxx, internationally we're very excited about our marketing campaigns that we talked about earlier, in every division. And it's all about aiming at not our existing customer, but prospects and non-shoppers and in frequent shoppers. So, every created campaign of which a lot of you have seen, I think is going to bode well. But the HomeGoods, to Scott's point, campaign is spot on we believe for the fall.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. We also have a couple of more weeks of TV advertising in the third quarter compared to last year. And also increased the digital media that we have versus last year for HomeGoods. So again, feel pretty good about that. Having said that, we talk about it in the thing, but even despite the lower comp than we would have liked, our customer satisfaction scores were up at HomeGoods and across the board. And HomeGoods is also similar to all of our other divisions, our new customers that shopped at our different banners and also at HomeGoods was very strong in that younger 18 to 35 segments. So that we feel real good about as well.
Roxanne Meyer: Terrific. Well, thanks for all of the additional color. And certainly appreciate the power of your model. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis. Your line is now open.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. So my question is on the home category again. And it's a little bit more broadly, do you think that some of the weakness that you're seeing there is attributable to the macro? Relatedly, is there any more color you can give us on the types of categories that are underperforming, I think again maybe big ticket versus smaller ticket or anything else you're willing to share?
Ernie Herrman: So, Alexandra, just to make it sure we're answering that, because we missed the first part. Were you asking about the home business?
Alexandra Walvis: Yeah. I was just wondering if there is any piece of the weakness in HomeGoods business that you think could be attributable to the macro environment.
Ernie Herrman: We -- Okay. So from -- at best -- of course, we ask ourselves that when sales slow up like that, but from what we could tell, we would say we are 80% to 90% self-inflicted execution issues and very, very, very little macro environment. And to be clear, because one of the tendencies would be to think about competition may be, online competition in the home business, which is a lot of players. If you look at those businesses, yes, we are compete, we've competed for the last seven or eight years as those businesses have continued to grow to significant numbers, and we still run the comps. But to your point, there could be a piece. We just -- when we looked at our business and we actually dug into the merchandise mix in the areas where we were not performing like we should have, we pretty vividly could see where we were off in the terms of the way we float in those categories. So if we weren't able to identify it on our own, maybe we would have thought there was some more macro issues, but because we were 90% confident in what we identified, we would say very little macro impact on us. Now, what was your second, I think you had a second question or?
Alexandra Walvis: Yeah. The second part of the question was, whether there was any types of consistency in the parts that were underperforming. For example, were they big ticket categories?
Ernie Herrman: So, those are the -- That type of information, unfortunately, we're not able to give out on the calls or externally. I would tell you that, yes, there were some consistently. I just can't tell you what they were.
Alexandra Walvis: Understood. And then maybe one more if you wouldn't mind on the loyalty programs. You talked on the success that you're having there. Can you update us on how big they, how fast they are growing, any metrics that illustrates the different spending patterns between loyalty and non-loyalty, customers?
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. We generally don't -- we don't give out the amount. We would just say that our loyalty programs, particularly in the United States, where it's a credit card based. We are seeing our -- a slight improvement on our overall sales that we're getting out of our loyalty programs.
Ernie Herrman: We can't say that we do have millions of customers in the US programs.
Scott Goldenberg: We feel that we're doing a particularly good job at the store level, in terms of getting new applications and we think that will bode well in the upcoming quarters for future sales. And the reason we get so excited about that is, the customers who use our credit card, particularly at HomeGoods, Sierra and at Marmaxx are ones that cross shop more and that -- so that benefits us --
Ernie Herrman: More frequent visits.
Scott Goldenberg: More frequent visits, etcetera. So we are particularly excited about that. And again it's been -- we've had a renewed effort over the last couple of quarters and it's paying, I guess, at dividends in terms of the application rates, which have been extremely strong.
Ernie Herrman: And we still think, when you look at where -- we're not saying we'd ever get to those levels. We'll look at department stores level that they're at. We just know we have a lot of room for opportunity to move the needle on our percent of our business there. So it is a great way for us to play offense and engage the customer more fully.
Alexandra Walvis: Excellent. I appreciate all the color. All the best.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow. Your line is now open.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning, everyone. So two questions. First one for Scott. Just on the gross margin guidance today versus a couple of months ago. I think you had said freight was suppose to be a 20 bps headwind and supply chain about 30 bps. Just curious if that still holds for what we should be thinking about for the model this year? And then maybe for Ernie and/or Scott. I wanted to talk about apparel versus home at Marmaxx. Last year apparel seems like it was really outperforming the home business, again, the compares were different, and now it seems like underperforms is the wrong word, but home is kind of back on top. I guess I'm just kind of curious if you can give any anecdotes as to what you were seeing in the apparel category last year, when there was that kind of outperformance, whether it was certain styles or anything you can kind of help us with versus what seems to be more of a normalization today? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. I'll jump in on the -- So no change really to -- you got the numbers exactly right in terms of the supply chain and the freight. Again, the big difference is that, the supply chain from a first half, second half is closer to 40 basis points to closer to 20 basis point on the second half. So there is a big difference there. And in terms of the first half, second half, the freight is pretty much uniform all year. At this point, the fourth quarter -- we have not -- we've put some savings in but not to the probably the full extent of what freight might go down in the back half if the spot to contractual rate stay as the way they are as we renegotiate our rates, which really don't happen to the end of the third quarter. So we could see some favorability off of that trend that you talked about of the 20 in the fourth quarter, but still early days, but that's what we would expect at this point. The only thing I would add in terms of our -- we've been talking about our comps and we do give our numbers on a rounded basis, but our Marmaxx comp was a very strong 2% or rounded down to 2%, that's about all I'll say on that before I turn it over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah. So when it comes to the home and the -- we're kind of in a more balanced sales trend now which is actually -- again, as I said earlier, we'd like to see. Getting to your question or the meat of your question, I think it was about the last year apparel business, which helped really drive our fall business and our year business. A lot of that was driven by -- we had some technical opportunities, we would call it, in some category, specifically in fall where the year before in Marmaxx, if you remember, we had a tougher performance in Marmaxx the year before. We actually gave up the year before some apparel business areas, which I can't say on the call what those were, but I can tell you, we got a lot of that back and then some last year by really going after those apparel categories in the fall in Marmaxx. And more than made up for the year before, where we had vacated and not really flowed appropriately. So we have that technical opportunity, we took advantage of it. We also have in apparel gone after more gift giving type of apparel the last couple of years. And last year, I think we really ramped that up on some items in there, that truly helped to drive our apparel business. And then the third thing I would say is, there was a lifestyle trend in a one or two apparel areas that we identified a little bit earlier than we normally would have and took advantage of those. Those also happen to be some trends in categories that are continuing this year, which is one reason our Marmaxx apparel business has continued to be strong this year. And as Scott said, it was a little misleading. Our Q2 Marmaxx was a very strong Q2. So, it's easy to underestimate how healthy that Marmaxx business was recently, and we're feeling -- I reiterate, I'm happy with the way Q3 is started there .
Ike Boruchow: Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is now open.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the international business, the strength there. It's been several quarters now of really consistent comp performance. Are you thinking -- any additional color on that part of the business? And then are you thinking about accelerating -- any plans to accelerate the international expansion into new markets or within existing markets and your key areas of opportunity in the international business? And are you getting a sense that your consumers in Europe from a macro perspective are in a stronger position than your American consumers is certainly a thing we're hearing from a lot of companies.
Ernie Herrman: Omar, so let's stay with a couple of these first. The situation over there -- first of all, the Brexit situation has -- isn't really new. It's been going on for a couple of years now, anyway a little more actually. And I think our -- certainly consumers are a little wary over there. So they are looking for a better value, because I think there were a little anxious. And so, we -- when we are executing well right now and again we trade broadly, they are just like we do here, which is tailor-made to try to capture additional market share. So we carry good, better, best, but as we've talked before, we carry goods for moderate income consumers, all the way up through upper-income consumers and we carry from fashion to basic to transitional looks. We don't want just one customer base there. So our model right now and the fact that we have had more better availability from some of the really -- honestly the hotter brands there that we haven't seen this much availability from for years is really just playing into our hand. And our team over there has done an -- just done amazing job of pursuing those brands and shipping it in a very balanced way throughout all of their different regions there from Germany to the UK, Ireland, Poland, Austria, and the Netherlands. All businesses there are moving in a pretty healthy fashion. But I would tell you, yeah, the environment is playing into our hand just like it does in most countries when there is a bit of a tougher environment. However, that tougher environment existed a year ago and we weren't running these comps. So I would still go back to, it's more of our execution. Again, that's like anything, as the macro 10% of it, may be 20%. But when we're running like six comps there, I would say it's 90% our execution, because that environment was there a year ago when we weren't running those. So your second part of your question, Scott, I think will jump in on.
Scott Goldenberg: Yeah. So I think, the Brexit is still an overhang, we've had to get ourselves ready for Brexit. And actually there we have a fairly a substantial amount of cost, not that it influences the overall TJX profitability, but there is 20, 30 basis point second, third quarter, forgetting Brexit ready, it's a deleverage on their business. And so we don't know how that's going to play out. We've always said over the last couple of years, we going to wait and see what happens before we commit to where the next countries are. The other thing is, we still think we have -- particularly in Germany, a lot of availability to open up new stores for at least the next several years. And we'd like to start getting the profit margins which -- up to the levels where we were even in that 7%, 8% almost 9%, International segment at one point. And I think by at least concentrating on the existing markets we have a much better opportunity, especially given the Brexit uncertainty. And so, I think we're moving in a right direction now. We've done a pretty good job of holding the profit percents for the last couple of years where they are, despite a lot of significant headwind on the currency. If that was -- at least just moderate and go back to where it just was a year or two ago, it would give us an opportunity I think to move up. But, so we feel pretty good at this point on at least the way we've laid out our plans.
Omar Saad: I understand. Thanks, guys .
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Omar.
Operator: The final question of the day comes from Jamie Merriman. Your line is now open.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much. My question was about the marshalls.com launch plan for second half. Can you just remind us in terms of how you plan to distinguish the product offering from stores to try to drive traffic. And then, I mean, I know it's still a relatively small part of the business for TJ Maxx. And so, how you think about what defines a successful launch there? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Okay, Jamie. Yes. So very similarly to our TJ Maxx launch we will be highly differentiated in product. So, our goal with Marshalls is to ensure just like we do with TJ Maxx that we don't create cannibalization where the consumer would lose a visit, it would give up a visit to our brick and mortar store by finding the same product. So we want to be at least 75% to 80% differentiated in the Marshalls online business. We set up a team that actually is cognizant when we -- when our buyers are executing in there and our merchandise managers, they are very cognizant of making sure that it is largely not the same goods. And we also stagger timings of categories, as well as families of business so that it doesn't even to look to the same scale there. We are not at liberty to give out the information about which categories are going to look that way, that will in not so distant future will be fairly evident when we launch. But we do believe and how complementary this is to our business, which is why we are going after it. And to your point, although it's not a big size per se, we know that we get returns, for example, in tjmaxx.com our returns go back -- the large part of the returns go back to the stores. We are planning on that happening with the Marshalls business as well. We are planning on it creating a new customer draw, just like TJ Maxx has done and a younger customer draw with the Marshalls online business, that hopefully we can appeal to some consumers that understand the categories we carry there. So in Marshall store, as you know, we carry full lines of footwear, which we don't in TJ Maxx. So there'll be reasons to shop marshalls.com versus tjmaxx.com just like the stores are different. So hopefully that -- and we're excited about it. So in not too distant future you'll be able to experience it yourself.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. I think that is the end of the call. Thank you all for joining us today. I look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-05-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' first quarter fiscal 2020 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, May 21, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of TJX Companies Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you Amanda. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you Ernie and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the 10-K filed April 3, 2019. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now I will turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I will start by saying that it was great to see our strong performance continue in the first quarter. Both our consolidated comp store sales increase of 5% and earnings per share of $0.57 exceeded our expectations. I am especially pleased with the continued strength of our largest division, Marmaxx, as comps at that division increased an outstanding 6%. Customer traffic drove the consolidated comp increase and was up at each of our four major divisions again this quarter. Further, this quarter marks the 19th consecutive quarter of customer traffic increases at TJX and Marmaxx. This is such a testament to the enduring appeal of our great values and treasure-hunt shopping experience and the resiliency of our off-price retail model. With our above plan first quarter sales, we are raising our full-year EPS outlook, which Scott will detail in a moment. We are in a terrific position to take advantage of the plentiful opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace for quality, branded merchandise. We are flowing fresh, exciting assortments to our stores and online and have many initiatives underway to keep driving sales and customer traffic. We are confident in our ability to continue the successful growth of TJX around the world. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie and good morning everyone. As Ernie mentioned, first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased a strong 5%, well above our plan. Customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increase. Our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce sites. First quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.57, also above our expectations. Overall, foreign currency negatively impacted EPS growth by 2%. Importantly, while merchandise margin was down, it was above our plan and would have been up without the incremental cost pressure from freight. Now to recap our first quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased 6%, over a 4% increase last year. This is really remarkable performance given Marmaxx's average comp store is about 20-years old. Further, comp sales were once again driven by customer traffic. Segment profit margin decreased 20 basis points. Expense leverage on the higher comp was more than offset by expenses related to our supply chain and higher freight costs. Again this quarter, both our apparel and home categories were very strong HomeGoods grew 1% in the first quarter. While this was softer than we would have liked, we feel great about the fundamental strength of this business and its growth potential. Segment profit margin was down 180 basis points. This was primarily due to expenses related to our supply chain, higher freight costs and expenses related to new store openings. Importantly, HomeGoods delivered a merchandise margin increase despite significant freight pressure. We see an excellent opportunity to keep gaining market share in the United States home fashion space with both HomeGoods and HomeSense. TJX Canada's first quarter comps were flat compared to a 3% increase last year. We believe unseasonable weather throughout Canada dampened first quarter sales. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 320 basis points. This was primarily due to an unfavorable year-over-year comparison from a gain on a lease buyout last year and a decrease in merchandise margin, largely due to transactional FX. We have very loyal customer base in Canada and are confident in the growth aspects for all three of our Canadian retail banners. At TJX International, comps grew an outstanding 8% in the first quarter. We are very pleased with the consistency in our comp sales increases throughout all of our U.K. regions and across Europe. We are convinced that we are capturing significant market share as other major retailers across Europe report slower sales growth and close underperforming stores. In Australia, comp performance was once again strong. Adjusted segment profit at TJX International, excluding foreign currency, was up 30 basis points versus last year. We are very happy with our overall performance in this division, despite the challenging European consumer environment. I will finish with our shareholder distributions. During the first quarter, we returned $589 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. We bought back 350 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.7 million shares and paid $239 million in dividends to our shareholders. For the full year, we continue to anticipate buying back $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion of TJX stock. Additionally, we increased the per share dividend by 18% in April, marking the 23rd consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal 2020 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you Scott. All right. Today, I would like to recap the key reasons we see for our customer traffic gains and why we believe consumers continue to be drawn to our retail banners in an evolving retail landscape. First, it all starts with our mission to deliver great value to our customers every day. For us, value goes beyond low prices and is a combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality. Second, we believe our treasure-hunt shopping experience holds tremendous appeal for consumers without the need for gimmicks or promotions. Our great values, day in and day out, keep our shopping experience simple and authentic for our customers. Our merchandise assortments are constantly changing, so there is always something new to surprise, excite, and inspire consumers in our stores and online. Next, consumers can shop for a wide variety of branded items across multiple categories in very little time in our stores. They can touch and feel the merchandise and we believe our value proposition is heightened when they can experience both the quality of our merchandise and the breadth of brands that we carry. Our approximately 1,100 associates in our buying organization source merchandise from a universe of over 21,000 vendors around the world. This leads to an extremely eclectic mix of merchandise that we believe appeals to a very broad customer demographic. Further, we aim to locate our stores in convenient, easy to access locations. We want to make it as easy as possible for shoppers to visit our stores in a timely and efficient way. Also, we are constantly upgrading our stores incorporating valuable feedback that we hear from our customers. And lastly, our e-commerce sites in the U.S. and the U.K. offer the added convenience of shopping us 24/7. We see e-commerce as highly complementary to our physical stores and as another excellent way to drive incremental customer sales. Moving on, I will highlight the major opportunities we see to continue capturing market share around the world. First, we are laser focused on driving customer traffic and comp sales. We love our marketing this year. I actually want to share the names of the various marketing campaigns throughout TJX with you because they truly capture what we are all about. We have Maximizing at T.J. Maxx, Surprise at Marshalls, Go Finding at HomeGoods, Finders Keepers at Winners and Ridiculous Possibilities at T.J. Maxx. These really encompass our great value message in treasure-hunt experience. Our campaigns will be running throughout the quarter across television and digital platforms to reach consumers wherever they are spending their time. I hope you all saw Marshalls recently on The Voice, which is obviously a top-rated NBC program. We were thrilled with the outstanding reach that this has from numerous channels. Now to our loyalty programs. We are very pleased with the strong member growth we are seeing across the U.S., Canada and the U.K. and believe we have a significant opportunity to amplify these programs further. Additionally, we are very happy with the continued success of Click and Collect in the U.K. Our goal is to drive higher member engagement to capture more frequent customer visits and incremental cross banner shopping. Second, we continue to see great global store growth potential. Finally, we see the potential to grow TJX to 6,100 total stores with just our current retail banners in our current countries. We continue to see plenty of desirable real estate for all of our banners. This gives us the flexibility to seek out the best urban, suburban and rural locations for our stores. To support our growth, we continue to invest in our supply chain, systems, new stores and remodels. While these investments are expected to be significant over the next couple of years, we believe they are essential to strengthen our leadership positions in the U.S., Canada and Europe. Before summing up, I want to a moment on tariffs. As you would expect, we are monitoring the developments here very closely. Based on what we know today, we have included a very small impact from the existing tariffs in our FY 2020 guidance. Beyond that, it is difficult for us to forecast the potential tariff impact on costs or retail prices in the short-term and how we would respond. However, over the long-term, we are convinced our flexibility and resiliency will benefit us just as it has over the course of our 40-plus year history. Historically, disruptions in the marketplace have created off-price buying opportunities for us. Further, because of our great values, if retail prices overall increase that may create an opportunity for us to attract new customers. Above all, we will always maintain a value gap versus other retailers. In closing, with our long track record of excellent results, we are convinced that our proposition of offering consumers an exciting mix of quality branded merchandise at great value every day will continue to be a winning formula. As always, our management team is laser focused on executing the fundamentals of our model and developing talents to support our growth plans. We have a strategic, long term vision for continued growth around the world and we are excited about the future of our great company. Now I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Ernie. I will begin with our full year fiscal 2020 guidance. We are raising our guidance for fiscal 2020 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.56 to $2.61. This would represent a 47% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.45, which excluded a $0.02 negative impact from a pension settlement charge. This EPS guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $41 billion to $41.3 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. We continue to expect a 2% to 3% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.4%. This would be down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 10.8% in fiscal 2019. We are planning gross profit margin to be approximately 28.2% compared with 28.6% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.8% to 17.9% versus 17.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26%, net interest expense of about $2 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.2 to 2 billion. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are planning comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $25.2 billion to $25.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.2% to 13.3%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $6.4 billion. We are planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of approximately $4 billion. Adjusted segment profit, excluding foreign currency, is now expected to be in the range of 12.3% to 12.5%. At TJX International, we now expect comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of approximately %5.5 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 4.5% to 4.7%. Moving on to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.62, a 5% to 7% increase versus last year's $0.58 per share. Moving on, we are modeling second quarter consolidated sales in the range of $9.8 billion to $9.9 billion. This guidance assumes a neutral impact due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis at Marmaxx. Second quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.3% to 10.4% range versus 10.6% in the prior year. We are anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.3% versus 28.9% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 17.8% versus 18.2% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.4%, $2 million of net interest expense and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.23 billion. It's important to remember that our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Hi. Thanks guys. Maybe if you could share what percent of your home product you direct source from China? I am also curious if you have seen any disruption already from tariffs going up on certain parts of the home category? Are you seeing that resulting in new deals in the marketplace? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Hi Paul. First of all, we do not give out that information on how much product we direct source. That's something we keep internal. In terms of what we have seen in the market so far, there have been little snippets of disruption, but I would say, nothing meaningful at this point. And it's still kind of too early to see what's going to happen with the goods that are already in the country, with the goods that are coming into the country with some of the third party vendors that we deal with. So we are totally, as we tried to say in the script, on standby to standby on that whole situation. I mean, good questions, but we really don't have any more information on that.
Paul Lejuez: And maybe just as a follow-up. Scott, can you just talk about freight rates and what your expectations are for the freight drag in 2Q through 4Q?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. No real overall change to our original guidance at this point. The freight rates on the full year are deleveraging us at approximately 20 basis points, and it is a little less in the back, you know, nine months than it is in the first quarter. But no real change from our current forecast. We will have to see a lot of our renegotiation on our rates, on the big pieces up that are on the back half of the year and we will have to see how that works versus what we had based on the guidance. If the spot rates remain slow, there could be some opportunity as we move through the fourth quarter. But no major changes at this point.
Paul Lejuez: When do those renegotiations happen, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, we have different things, but the biggest piece of it is on the lot of the freight lines and driver. Not the ocean freight, not the intermodal and that's in the beginning of the fourth quarter, end of the third quarter.
Paul Lejuez: Go you. Thanks. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thank you so much. Good morning. I was really intrigued, Ernie, by what you mentioned in terms of disruption in the market, and if there are rising prices in the marketplace, you view this is an opportunity to attract new customers. And I am wondering, if you reflect back on 2012 when cotton costs spiked and apparel prices rose, I think your comp that year in calendar 2012 was maybe at 7% or something like that. Was a similar driver at play then? And are you looking back to that period of time to sort of inform you on what might happen in this go around?
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Kimberly. Look, that situation was a little different in that it was more garment specific in terms of what categories were  this is a little more broad-brushed, and the difference there is, there is a lead time on a lot of that product which you could kind of see where the costs were heading, and you could also see the weak payout because it was a known quantity in terms of what was happening with the yarn. So the prices at retail, you could see them moving fairly visibly. Whereas, this time, it's so difficult for us to project, and clearly, we will not be the first one to touch our retails. We would always be [indiscernible] and we would always lag on what happens in the market around us. And it's hard for us to forecast when retails would get affected in the country. If you look at some of the other releases that have come out, everybody is having a difficult time committing to any course of action, so to speak, until we get a little further into the year, yes. And so we look at this as actually fairly different from the -- and I know exactly what you are talking about at that time period. But going back to, Kimberly, what I think you are getting at is the market share opportunity for us is if -- like in that situation where certain product categories, the costs rises around our model of business allows us to then oftentimes provide even a larger gap at retail than what traditionally would take place, which in turn allows us to, I think, drive a little bit more for a little bit more new customers because they are going to be even more value, looking for better value on those categories that are affected. So, I think there is a lag, but I think there is a silver lining for us.
Kimberly Greenberger: Fantastic. Thanks Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: You are welcome.
Operator: Next question is from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Ernie, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the U.K. Click and Collect, the new functionality, how it works for the customers? Is it really just the online inventory that you are using it mostly as a traffic driver? How could you see it possible? Would that might roll out in the U.S. in the same format over here?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Omar, so we have a structural issue over here. Over there, many of the households, in fact the majority, are required to, you can't leave packages there. So automatically Click and Collect is going to drive a much larger percentage of the business, just by that structural difference in the way mail can't be left at a lot of homes there. And so yes, it has been a blessing for us in terms of its ability to drive incremental traffic to our stores. Because of the structural difference, we don't see that as, even though we are looking at it as we speak, we don't see that as a driver here like it is there because our stores, like a Click and Collect at a traditional retail where they can carry the SKU in the stores that they show online, you have going to have a lot of Click and Collect purchases that are made where consumers want to pick it up that same afternoon or maybe the following day. Our model doesn't work that way because we don't have that. We have a differentiated online business here. And so three quarters of our website, give or take, is showing different merchandise from what we have in the store. And then for specific store to do a Click and Collect, we could never do that. So we are always going to have a ceiling here on that. Scott, I think, has some additional info on it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Having said that, the Click and Collect business was unusually strong. As you know, we haven't doing it for not that long, couple of years there and it was almost 50% of our online business in the U.K. was picked up the store. So clearly, bringing the customer into the store and as Ernie said, we think helping to drive additional traffic. So I think we are positive there as it continues. And we are doing about, in the U.K. about 5% of our U.K. business is done online.
Ernie Herrman: Online, which is a much higher, Omar, as you know, is a much higher percent than we do domestically here. Also I think, correct me if I am wrong, I think what he was getting at is that a piece of the positive results that we are getting in the U.K. and we do believe that has been complementary. Hard for us to measure the incremental in the brick-and-mortar. But as you saw in the last quarter, our brick-and-mortar market share gain, I couldn't be more proud of that team and that division. How much we have gained market share in the last quarter is just monumental there with those types of comps. And I do believe the way we have executed our online as complementary has been a plus.
Omar Saad: Thanks very much guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Simeon Siegel. Your line is open.
Simeon Siegel: Great. Thanks. Congrats on the ongoing comp shrink, guys. Scott, excluding freight, can you just talk to your merch margin expectations for Marmaxx and HomeGoods over the year embedded within the full year guide and then color on where you expect inventory levels to track throughout the year? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, we don't give specific guidance. We feel good. In this quarter, overall, the quarters are all pretty similar. We are seeing inventory down. We are down on the merchandise margin, overall for TJX, largely due to the incremental freight. If not for freight, we would be roughly flat. Clearly, just to talk about this quarter for one second and then going forward, we are very pleased with the mark-on, particularly at HomeGoods. Going back to all those difficult environment from a sales point of view, we did beat both our internal guidance and our last year, both at mark-on, at HomeGoods and Marmaxx and in Europe as well in terms of what we thought we were going to do. So we are really pleased there. Going forward, no real change to the overall margin. There is slightly down at Marmaxx and the bit more down at HomeGoods, but largely due to freight. The components of mark-on and markdowns are positive. So that's really no real change to that story. We are seeing a little bit more pressure in Canada and particularly a little in Europe in the back half as the currency movement has been down, particularly the Canadian dollar is almost $0.03 less than last year. So that's been embedded in our guidance, but a little more than what we would have thought starting the year.
Simeon Siegel: Great. Thanks. And then any color to help with the expected inventory turn?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So inventory, we think will go down from what you see right now. Part of it is a lot of late arriving, what we call in-transit inventory arriving late in the quarter. That was one of the really three large components. The other third was just the sheer number of new stores. We have more than last year. So that will obviously continue at least for the rest of the year. The third component is DC inventories. We are up. Really, the majority of that was a bit early receipts, a little earlier than we had anticipated, but I think it's reflected in that we were getting great buying opportunities in the marketplace. Some of the vendors, in all likelihood, had brought their inventories in a bit earlier and it was available to us to take it with some very good buys. So that accounted for the third piece of it. So we would expect the inventories to decrease overall from what you are seeing at these levels. But we feel real good about, as Ernie had indicated, our overall liquidity and ability to take advantage of the marketplace.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks a lot. Best of luck for the rest of the year, guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Alexandra Walvis. Your line is open.
Alexandra Walvis: Hi there. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask you a question about the home category. So you mentioned within your Marmaxx business that home was strong alongside apparel and yet there was weakness in that category in HomeGoods. I wonder if you could parse between the performance of that category in the various banners and what's driving that and perhaps the outlook for home overall?
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely. Yes, we had different quarter in terms of them those results clearly. I guess, the take away when you hear about the Marmaxx home business relative to the HomeGoods home business is that it is not about the model of our business. The home model of our business, that is healthy. We had in HomeGoods a couple of areas that we felt we could do better in. And so like any time where we have an area that perhaps we didn't deliver on the excitement level that we had planned on delivering, we got right at it. So that team has been focused on fixing it just like whenever we have had those issues over the years. We are able to get at it very quickly and adjust and we are feeling great about the fact that customer traffic was up the quarter in HomeGoods. I will tell you, another amazing thing is even with the 1% comp in HomeGoods, our merchandise margins were up, which is just absolutely a testament to the way that team has been able to at one point take aggressive markdowns on the areas that they were unhappy with but then replenish back and get ready for the second quarter with all these new buys which helped their margin at the end of the first quarter. So the buying environment is very strong and our mark-on was actually better than planned. So again, very pleased with the fundamental strength of the business. We had those couplers we were not happy with in HomeGoods versus at Marmaxx. Clearly, we did not run across that, which is why the business was different. I would tell you, in total, we are still bullish about our home business.
Alexandra Walvis: Thanks so much. And then just one follow-up on remodel activity? Any efforts they are and how many you are planning for the year?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. It's Scott. We are planning approximate 275 remodels this year. And that number should go up as a chain matures over the next few years. And also just so I could get it out, we are doing over 60 store relocations, which has been very positive for us versus almost double the number of last year. So strong remodel and relocation program this year.
Ernie Herrman: The only thing I would also add is, HomeGoods the first quarter is the biggest impact both from a supply chain and new store impact. So we opened up six HomeSense stores this quarter versus none last year in the first quarter. So a bit more impact this year. So the new store impact goes down and same think with the supply chain. We start to overlap some of the DC that we opened in the second quarter of last year. So back nine and back half is less pressure due to both of those items.
Scott Goldenberg: And Alexandra, one thing I neglected, I didn't mention when it comes to HomeGoods also. We talked in the past. HomeGoods is one of our fastest turning businesses. What you get with that is an extremely liquid, nimble business that when we do have areas that we need to look. It's just very easy to address it because they turn so fast. When you take markdowns there, we can we can clear areas we are not as happy with quickly and replenish with new buys which, again, they have been doing aggressively. And the other thing is, our customer satisfaction scores there continue to increase which shows you that we are amidst our traffic, which has been healthy, continuing to please the customer when she or he comes in the store. So just two other piece of info I thought you might want.
Alexandra Walvis: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on the nice quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you
Matthew Boss: So on the comp side, you have seen a material inflection in the last few quarters on the international front. I guess, can you speak to drivers behind the momentum? Maybe what you are seeing in terms of availability of product and quality of goods overseas?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great question, Matthew. Well, I will point to two specific drivers to that international front, which has been healthy as we continue to take market share. A big driver is our ability and we talked about this, to have good, better, best growth of the assortments. So to have appeal to a broad customer range, to have opening price points, to have mid-tier goods and to have a better higher-end goods and at the same time introduce which we really in every banner over there have been able to acquire, I would say, more better brands than we have ever had before. And I think those two aspects of the business have allowed that team and they, not allowed it, they have driven that and they have not really executed going after a higher quality branded content. They have established phenomenal new vendors that they open, okay, constantly but even more so than I think we normally do and we are getting some prime lots of goods across that would appeal to all the different demographics. And so to me, that's like the perfect storm in a good way for that business. And as a result, you are seeing some, specifically in the U.K., which as you know is a very difficult market. And obviously you noticed, we have been quarter-by-quarter, where we have been gaining step-by-step over there and that has been healthy. Scott, I don't know if you have anything to comment?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Just to add, I think certainly, as Ernie echoed, the environment, there is a lot of retailers that have been either shuttering stores or certainly had difficult sales. And so we have certainly seen more than our fair share and that's a large part of our business that have store stocks in the Europe environment. We mentioned that last year, but that continues. The branded content, as Ernie mentioned, has continued to be positive. So I think again and the overall delta between us, our performance and the other retailers that we track has continued to increase, I think, for about the fourth or fifth quarter in a row. So all positive. But I think this quarter is much similar to last quarter is that the business in both within the U.K. and across Europe was strong across all of Europe. So I think just that we like, as have always talked about at Marmaxx, the consistency of the business.
Ernie Herrman: Germany has been very helpful.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Germany, all the countries, Poland and the new countries that we opened up, both the Netherlands and Austria over the last few years.
Ernie Herrman: Again, it's a credit to that team that we have over there. They have really done a nice job on all fronts.
Matthew Boss: That's great. And then just a follow-up on the store fleet. So you raised the long term saturation target, I think, by 9% to 6,100 from 5,600. Just any drivers behind the change, whether it's by banner or geography?
Ernie Herrman: No change to our store count in terms of what we have been giving out. So no update there. Maybe offline we can get back, Matt, what you are seeing versus. But we haven't any guidance on the store counts at this time.
Matthew Boss: Okay. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the environment for home. Are you seeing any change in the competitive or promotional landscape? Or would you say the HomeGoods slowdown in comp was just those categories that you feel like you didn't enough freshness in?
Ernie Herrman: Hi Lorraine. Good question. We talked and we take a look at that all the time. From what we can see, we were 98% us on execution of those couple of categories. And I would say that, by the way, do I think the home environment out there is a little bit more competitive for everybody? I think home starts are kind of not robust. So that you could have some of that going on. It's just, we have seen that before and our home business tends to attract and we have done these analyses. It tends to track with what we see in what we are doing well or not doing well. I would say, if there was anything and it wouldn't be about competition, you could say that HomeGoods was hit with some weather issues in some regions of the chain. If you think about some of the weather that's going on over the last four to five weeks, they had some locations that probably didn't help with all the rain, et cetera. That's probably more the issue. But good question and we ask the question ourselves at times. We are always trying to keep our pulse on that.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. And then in the 10-K, you have guided CapEx to $1.5 billion. That's up about 30%. Can you just talk about the buckets where you are investing this year?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. I will take that. The CapEx, last year we under-spent by $100 million to $200 million range on projects that I wouldn't say that just were deferred or the timing of them got done were going to get done in fiscal 2020 versus 2019. So that's approximately half of the increase. And then we do have some spending per new distribution centers and our home office in Europe that largely make up for the rest of that. A bit more spending on, as Ernie mentioned, really on remodels. And a bit more of and that's probably the next biggest piece, but it's the capital on DCs, home office, remodels and just timing from last year. I would say that, just to be clear, though, we view that as a peak in the more normalized range, although we certainly are not giving guidance on any other components would be closer to the $1.30 billion to $1.4 billion range as a more normalized range.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Binetti. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hi guys. Have my congrats on this quarter. I just wanted to ask on HomeGoods a little bit differently. We have the revenue guidance. You sound very happy with the mark on and markdown trends, on the freight and headwinds on the new store expense. But I want to think about this from a little bit bigger picture. You are going to add maybe $600 million or $700 million in incremental revenues this year, but you are guiding EBITDA to decline on those revenue gains. And that's a similar dynamics to what we have seen. So I am just wondering, how you are thinking about that business longer term? How sustainable is that dynamic? And do you think you will have to look at taking some price eventually to reverse that? I have to think full price retailers in that category are basically feeling this much more than you are.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Michael, are you asking in terms of, are we concerned about the growth we are having at the topline in terms of --?
Michael Binetti: Well, it's a really big amount of topline dollars and obviously you have spoken very clearly with us about the cost pressures in that side of the business, specifically. But this is the second year you have guided to $600 million to $700 million in incremental revenues with EBITDA actually being down. And I know you have always with a gun to your head refer to take market share in these type environments. I am just trying think longer term, how sustainable is it to hold pricing like that and keep accepting negative EBITDA on those --
Ernie Herrman: So two things hurting our leverage are clearly our supply chain with our new distribution center. Right, Scott? That's a hit and the freight, which was more of a out of leftfield type of thing about 18 months ago. We are hoping that the freight situation over time moderates and we can kind of control the supply chain opening of DCs as we adjust new store openings and look at other ways to increase capacity in the existing DCs and hopefully delay. So again, we are still bullish on that, even though we are hitting the deleverage over these couple of years. Scott and I talk all the time with the supply chain teams about how we are going to try to balance that off three to four years out. And to your earlier point, continuing to take market share is our priority right now because we believe we will figure out the operational pressures on the back end and then start being able to make improvements going back the other way on the margins in a couple of years. So that's kind of the balancing act that we are walking right now. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I would just add that we do think the supply chain, the rate of deleverage will decrease. The freight, we do believe, will the rate of deleverage will moderate. We also have had due to the sheer number of stores, we have been taking advantage of the real estate the last few years. That deleverage will go down as we have said, we are going to moderate the number of store openings. So there should be significantly less deleverage there which also, as we open up less stores, we have been very positive in terms of our new store openings. But the cannibalization will also, we believe, go down and that should allow for better flow through as well. So I think don't think of it just one thing. I think there is three or four large things that I think will, I don't think we are going to, you are not going to see the large types of profit increases but I think you will see profit increases going forward.
Michael Binetti: Got you. And then if I could just ask a little bit more of a medium term looking out through the year. Inventory impact way up as much as they are in the first quarter and you gave some good explanation of why that was. If we do start to se prices rising across the industry and you guys have already bought your inventory at advantage prices, is that a dynamic that's historically been a relative advantage for you versus the peer group when you have seen them in the past? Or would you try to talk me backwards from that?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So Michael, the issue there is, yes. So that's kind of like you have these different time frames. So the short, short term, maybe an advantage. None of it becomes an advantage until the retails would go up at the other retailers. So the problem with any of it is, now if the costs go up, from everything you read, you would believe that certain categories, the retails should eventually go up, right, in the other retailers, whether online or in brick-and-mortar. In which case, yes, we would probably, if we already own it and if we have it in our warehouse, we already take a lower price, we could have a little upside there in terms of margin benefit. It's just the line is blurry on if people that get hit, if the other retailers take the high cost and they don't raise the retail soon enough and they just worked tight and then we still have to maintain the same gap, we would probably have no substantial benefit, which is why we right now on the short term, I do believe long term more of that takes place. Why were more confident in the longer term that we benefit. In the short-term, we just don't know how those dynamics play out. Does that make sense?
Michael Binetti: Yes. It certainly does. I read the rates are going up.
Ernie Herrman: But it's a great question, which obviously, there is a lot of dialogue not just, I am sure, here at TJX, but at many retailers. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine. Your line is open.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate the color around HomeGoods, but Canada is also expected to see a recovery in it comp as we move through the year. Are you already seeing signs of that as the weather improves? Or what would drive a little rebound in Canada?
Ernie Herrman: So Laura, let me just say this because I can't really comment on too specifically on what's happening at this moment in time. But I would just say that we believe that the unseasonable weather really throughout Canada is what truly dampened our first quarter sales there. We had a little bit of some areas that I think we could have done some things a little better, but it wasn't to a large degree or a material degree. Again, customer traffic was up. We were very happy with our marketing campaign up there. The weather was just unseasonably cold and rainy and they actually had snow at one part, they had flood one part of Canada. I do believe that we will get past that and they did take aggressive markdowns where we had some goods that weren't performing like we would have expected. So we were very happy with how we handled those, again, minor areas, but they were areas that we weren't happy with. So we are very confident in what should transpire up in Canada and our comps will be healthy.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. We are not going to name the specific categories. There were a lot of non-weather related categories that did perform well. So I think that does bode well. Our customer satisfaction score is similar to HomeGoods. We are up. So the customers are coming and liking what they see. We opened up 12 stores in the quarter of the 30 we are going to up. They are performing well. As the 30 stores that we opened last year are performing better than our performance. We also having an aggressive, as I mentioned, overall an aggressive relocation program in Canada of 14 stores this year, which should help us as we move through the year. So again, customer traffic was up and we do feel good about at least what we are set up to do for the rest of the year.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Trussell. Your line is open.
Paul Trussell: Good morning and good results. Marmaxx has continued to outperform the industry and you spoke earlier on some reasons why you believe traffic continues to be solid. Maybe just taking a step back, as you look at 1Q, is there any additional category callouts worthwhile mentioning? And as we look forward, certainly the comparisons take a step up. And just curious if you could just hold our hand a little bit more on your confidence driving continued growth also difficult compares moving ahead?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Well, again this would start with the division has been running at a very balanced manner, Paul. They have been doing a lot of, some of what I mentioned for the U.K. where they have been running very balanced mixes throughout many parts of the store. So we have had a good balance of good, better, best. We have had a good balance of fashion versus what you would called more moderate traditional merchandise opening price points through better brands, through even higher end brands,. And the good news is, that's happened in many areas of the business through different categories in the apparel business. As we mentioned, apparel was strong. I think when you have a strong apparel business in Marmaxx, that's just healthy for the football, which clearly one of the best things that Marmaxx has going is continuing to take market share and increase of transactions. And that has been just a continual driver. So we look at our transactions and Marmaxx has just been steady every year quarter, over the last really year-and-a-half. I would say, our teams, we have a really strong seasoned team. We have talked about that before. So in terms of not having a lot of whether it is merchants planning an allocation, finance, distribution centers, the division is extremely mature and has had a lot of tenure throughout their team. And that has really helped them to continue to just focus on the business and not focus on having to train people as much. And they have built a very strong talent bench so that they are able to move people around and still execute in the way the TJX executes. We have a strong team throughout and we are very proud of what they have been doing there from the top of Marmaxx all the way through. And I would say that and it's hard for you to hear any specifics on that is the most measurable benefit we have there is our off-price team there and what they have been doing and they run stores in a very competitive domestic market. The store team there is just excellent. Again, we are just hitting on all cylinders. I can't point to any one thing. I would tell you and we can't give out categories. That is something that we can't really give for obvious reasons. But there isn't really just, when you are running comps like we are at Marmaxx, you can imagine, there isn't any one category. We are hitting on many cylinders. Or we wouldn't be running a 6% comp.
Scott Goldenberg: And similar what we said the last couple quarters. Very flat in terms of very little differences between across the country.
Ernie Herrman: Geographies within the U.S. is very consistent.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And that, we think as far as to do just the way we are allocating the goods and all that, doing a great job and with our remodel programs. But we talk about the age of our chains, strong comps when you look at our stores from 10 years to 25 years. So all the new stores run at a higher rate but very strong comps on our overall fleet.
Paul Trussell: Thanks. And then just if there is any commentary on how this quarter starts. Just given commentary from others in the industry, there has been a very slow and difficult start to the quarter. And just curious on an update when the launch of marshals.com and if there is any learnings from tjmaxx.com that you are going to utilize for that banner? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Okay. So well, first of all, as far as the color on the start to this quarter, we are only in for two weeks of quarter and we are very confident in our solid guidance of the 2% to 3% comp for the quarter, which is as you know, Paul, is historically higher than what we would normally go out at. So that's kind of right now what we are willing to stick to.
Ernie Herrman: In terms of marshals.com, no change. Our intent is still to launch the marshals.com by the end of the year. So we are working still very methodically to make sure we do it right.
Scott Goldenberg: And we have learned a lot obviously from our tjmaxx.com business, which are asking about. And so some of it, clearly, those learnings, we didn't think about launching marshals.com because we had those learnings. We wanted to be well entrenched. And there are many, we also believe that there is halo effect that because of tjmaxx.com and we believe in offering customers the ability to shop 24/7 and we know will attract new customers that are loyal Marshalls customers that are kind of waiting for this. And we wanted to give them the opportunity shop across channels. So again, we are working methodically to make sure we do it the right way. But I do have to say, our priority is to have a successful launch. Our timing is not necessarily the thing, is not our number one priority. Our launching it correctly is the number one priority for marshals.com, that is.
Paul Trussell: Thanks for the color. Best of luck.
Operator: Final question of the day from Marni Shapiro. Your line is open.
Marni Shapiro: Hi guys. I love closing down the call. It's my favorite thing.
Ernie Herrman: That's really good, Marni.
Marni Shapiro: So I actually have a big picture question that there has been a lot of noise about in the market. Have you been studying the resale market? And what are your thoughts on how that impacts off-price?
Ernie Herrman: So the resale market, can you describe which resale players you would be talking about?
Marni Shapiro: Meaning all of the, like The RealReal or any of the online players, but there are a lot of resale shops across the country to vary.
Ernie Herrman: They tend to be all that like some smaller but little niche players. They have a nice ambience to them, et cetera. And I know it's a form of a tier of value shopping clearly, right, [indiscernible]. So we look at that space and there's so many little players and some of them have done a really great job. We don't look at it as a market share thing. We look it as a competitor. We want to stay aware of what they are carrying, what they are retailing. But in terms of anyone having the critical mass to impact us right now, we don't see that. But our merchants to watch it and watch them. There is a bunch of them now.
Marni Shapiro: Yes. Particularly on the men's side, I think, there is certain part of the, there is a lot of them on the men's side.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Proportionally, it feels like more on the men's side.
Marni Shapiro: Okay. You are not seeing any kind of impact at this point?
Ernie Herrman: No, we are seeing no impact.
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. Best of luck for the summer season.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you Marni. All right, I think we are done with the call and let me just thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August and everybody, take care. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may all disconnect at this time. Thank you for participating.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded on February 27, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Katie. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 4, 2018. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you. And now I will turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that were extremely pleased to report another quarter of outstanding results. Fourth quarter consolidated comp store sales increased a very strong 6% which is well above our plan and over a 4% increase last year. Im most pleased with the consistency of the performance across our major divisions which all delivered comp sales growth between 4% and 7%.  Further, each of our divisions drove their comp sales growth with significant customer traffic increases. This quarter marks the 18th consecutive quarter that customer traffic was up at TJX and Marmaxx. We also saw strength in both our apparel and home businesses. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $0.59, also above our expectations. We also delivered terrific full year results in 2017. Consolidated comp store sales were up 6%, well above our original plan. Each of our four major divisions posted strong comp sales growth driven by customer traffic increases.  I am very pleased with the sharp execution of our teams across the company. Clearly, our great values and treasure hunt shopping experience continues to appeal consumers around the world.  2018 marks our 23rd consecutive year of comp sales growth, highlighting our long and steady track record. Full year adjusted earnings per share of $2.11 also exceeded our plans. Our excellent results underscore the fundamental strength and consistency of our flexible off-price business model.  Over more than four decades as a company, we have adapted to many changes in the retail environment and have successfully navigated to both strong and weak economies.  Above all, our commitment to value has never wavered. Looking ahead, the first quarter is off to a soli start. For 2019 we have many initiatives planned that we believe will keep driving sales and customer traffic. We are in a great inventory position and have plenty of liquidity to take advantage of the huge amount of quality merchandise we are seeing in the marketplace.  We are confident in our full-year plans and feel great about the outlook for our business in 2019 and beyond.  Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and full year numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. And good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, fourth quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased a very strong 6% and were significantly above our expectations. Once again customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at all divisions. As a reminder, our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce businesses.  Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.68 excluding an approximate $0.08 benefit from the 2017 Tax Act. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.59, which exceeded our plans by 2 pennies. Foreign currency negatively impacted our EPS growth by 2%. Despite the headwind from increased freight costs, merchandise margin was up significantly.  Now to recap our fourth quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased an outstanding 7% significantly exceeding our plan and over a 3% increase last year. We saw strong performance across all of our geographic regions and across income demographics.  Once again we saw strength in both Marmaxxs apparel and home businesses. Segment profit margin was down 50 basis points versus last year's adjusted segment profit margin of 13.8%.  Expense leverage on the higher comp and merchandise margin improvements were more than offset by incentive compensation accruals, supply chain and other planned expenses.  HomeGoods comp grew up strong 5% on top of last year's 3% increase. We are very pleased with HomeGoods continued comp growth and traffic increases. Although, segment profit margin was down 50 basis points, it was much better than we anticipated versus last years adjusted segment profit margin of 13%.  HomeGoods delivered a strong merchandise margin increase despite significant freight costs. This was more than offset by higher expenses related to our distribution centers and other planned expenses.  TJX Canada fourth quarter comps were up solid 4% over a 7% increase last year. We were pleased with the comp sales growth throughout our Canadian regions. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was down 200 basis points versus last year's adjusted segment profit margin of 12.7%. This was primarily due to a decrease in merchandise margin and store wage increases.  At TJX International comps grew a strong 5% in the fourth quarter over a 3% increase last year and was our best comp in the last two years. We are confident that we will continue to gain market share in Europe despite the challenging consumer environment. Once again we saw consistency in our comp sales across all of our UK regions.  Further, our Australian sales performance continues to be excellent. Adjusted segment profit margin at TJX International excluding foreign currency was down 50 basis points versus last year's adjusted segment profit margin of 7.3%. TJX Internationals strong merchandise margin was more than offset by planned expenses, transactional FX and incentive compensation accruals.  Now to our full year consolidated fiscal 19 results. Consolidated comp store sales grew an outstanding 6%, over 2% increase last year. Similar to the fourth quarter, overall customer traffic was the primary driver of the comp increases at each of our divisions. While e-commerce remains a very small part of our overall business, sales grew significantly for the full year.  Fully diluted earnings per share were $2.43 excluding a $0.34 benefit from the 2017 Tax Act and a $0.02 pension settlement charge, adjusted earnings per share were $2.11. This was a 9% increase over last year's adjusted $1.93 and above our plan. Importantly, while merchandise margin was essentially flat in fiscal 19, it would have been up significantly without the increased pressure from freight.  I will finish with our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 19 free cash flow was $3 billion. We continue to take a disciplined approach to capital allocation and our ROIC remains one of the highest we have seen in retail.  We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business to support our growth. In fiscal 19, we returned 3.4 billion to shareholders through these programs.  Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 20 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Im going to start with some 2018 highlights which I will bullet out for you. Beginning with the fourth quarter, we surpassed $11 billion in total sales, a company record. Next, each of our division delivered a terrific holiday season with excellent comp sales growth and strong customer traffic increases.  Clearly, our great values and ever changing merchandise mix are resonating with consumers in stores and online. We are very pleased with our marketing initiatives across the company.  Finally, our teams transitioned our stores very well post holiday.  Now to our full year highlights. Annual sales were $39 billion. I want to highlight that our annual sales have more than doubled over the last 10 years in a changing retail environment. We saw great customer traffic across the company in every quarter. We are convinced that we captured additional market share in the US, Canada, Europe and Australia.  Our research tells us that we saw growth in new customers at each of our divisions, including a significant share of millennial and Gen Z shoppers. We successfully grew our store base, opening a net 236 stores globally including expanding our newer businesses, HomeSense and Sierra in the US and T.K. Maxx in Australia.  Lastly, we continued making important investments in our distribution capabilities and systems to support our growth plans.  Now, I'd like to talk about why we believe TJX is so well positioned to continue its successful growth for many years to come. First, we operate four powerful divisions, each with exciting growth potential. All of our major divisions have 25 years or more of operating expertise. That's over two decades of developing thousands of vendor relationships, regional consumer knowledge and internal teams, infrastructures and supply chain. We see this as a tremendous advantage as we pursue our growth strategies around the world. Long-term, we see the potential to grow TJX by approximately 1,800 stores to about 6,100 total stores, with just our current banners in our current markets.  Let me break down the reasons for our confidence by division. At Marmaxx, sales surpassed $24 billion in 2018. We achieved an outstanding 7% comp increase and significant customer traffic gains despite an uncertain US economic environment and the continued growth of e-commerce in general. Marmaxx drove this growth with an average comp store age of 20 years which is a remarkable indicator of the health of our largest division. We have many initiatives underway to keep driving shoppers to our stores.  In 2018, the HomeGoods division delivered a 4% comp increase while opening an additional 94 stores. While we are by far the largest off-price home fashion retailer in the US, we still see enormous opportunity to grow both HomeGoods and HomeSense in the US. We believe we can bring our eclectic home assortments to many new markets and more consumers.  TJX Canada had another terrific year driving 4% comp sales growth on top of a 5% increase last year. As Canada is only major off-price apparel and home fashions retailer, we are in an excellent position to capture additional market share with our three Canadian banners. Were confident that significant opportunities remain to grow this division throughout Canada.  Finally, TJX International delivered very strong performance in 2018. Total sales surpassed $5 billion and comp sales grew 3% despite the challenging retail landscape in Europe. In the UK, we are confident that we continue to capture market share.  UK sales trends improved during the year and we believe we widened the comp sales gap between us and other major brick-and-mortar retailers. T.J. Maxx in Australia delivered very strong sales and brought our concept to even more shoppers. We see great potential to continue growing this division throughout our current countries.  Our e-commerce businesses had another year of double-digit sales growth. In the US tjmaxx.com added new categories and well over a thousand new brands.  Now, today, we are very excited to announce that we will be launching e-commerce from Marshalls later this year. Our strategy with our marshalls.com site will be similar to our successful approach with tjmaxx.com. We plan to operate differentiated mix online, similar to how we differentiate our stores.  Our strategy is to maximize multi-channel engagement and drive incremental sales. Were also rebranding Sierra Trading Post to Sierra.  Shifting to the UK, we are very pleased with the growth tkmaxx.com and the metrics we are seeing with our click and collect program.  Another important factor giving us confidence in our future is our successful track record of navigating through many kinds of economic and retail environments. In our 40 plus years, we have driven steady sales and earnings growth while opening thousands of stores around the world. I will detail some of the key reasons for our confidence.  First and foremost is our commitment to value, core to our concept from the start. More than low prices, we deliver value through a combination of brand, fashion, price and quality. Importantly, we offer great values on comparable merchandise versus both full priced brick-and-mortar and major online retailers.  In addition to our great values, we see many advantages to our treasure hunt shopping experience. Were convinced that the ability to touch and feel merchandise will continue to resonate with consumers despite the growth of online retail overall. Our physical store formats also make it easy for consumers to shop a wide variety of items across multiple categories in a very time efficient way. We continue to operate the shopping experience by listening to our customers and incorporating their feedback into our store renovations.  In 2018, were again very pleased with our customer satisfaction scores. With our rapidly turning inventories we always have something new to surprise and excite our customers.  Next, we see a huge opportunity to capture market share and are focused on driving customer traffic and comp sales. We view ourselves as leaders in innovation, are extremely -- and are always seeking more ways to attract consumers into our stores and online.  In 2019 we will start to make our shopping experience even more exciting and rewarded. We have several marketing initiatives planned across television and digital platforms to reach consumers wherever they are spending their time.  We see meaningful opportunity to further amplify our loyalty programs to drive even higher member engagement. I also want to emphasize our leadership and flexibility. With our portfolio change around the world we reach consumers across a wide demographic and offer them a wide selection of quality branded merchandise.  We are disciplined in managing our inventories to allow our buyers the flexibility to take advantage of the best opportunities, top categories and trends in the marketplace. With approximately 1,100 associates in our buying organization and over 21,000 vendors in our purchase universe, we have tremendous flexibility in the ways we buy.  Lastly on this point, our logistics and systems are designed to support our off-price model and extreme flexibility which we see as a major advantage.  In closing, as we begin a new year, we feel great about our business today and are excited about the future. Over many decades the strength, consistency and resiliency of our flexible off-price business model has allowed us to deliver steady growth year-after-year.  We have many important advantages that we believe set us apart from other major retailers. We continue to leverage our global presence. We have great brand awareness in US and internationally and are offering consumers our excellent values across nine countries.  We have dealt and refined our global teams, infrastructure and supply chain over many, many decades. We see vast opportunities to keep expanding our global store growth and capture market share.  Further, we offer consumers the convenience of shopping brick-and-mortar and online with a differentiated strategy that we believe is right for our business.  I also want to underscore the longevity of our organization and management team which gives me enormous confidence  Our team has the knowledge and experience of managing successfully through both strong and weak environments and capitalizing on the opportunities that each present. We have a world-class training program with our TJX University. It is our people who bring our business to light for our customers every day. I want to recognize them for delivering another great year after many great years for TJX. We are energized for 2019 and our very long runway for growth around the globe.  Now, I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. And then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg : Thanks, Ernie. Now to fiscal 20 guidance beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, we are comparing all fiscal 20 EPS estimates against fiscal 19 EPS results that include the benefit from the 2017 Tax Act. Again, we are taking this approach to show an apples-to-apples EPS comparison, now that this benefit from the Tax Act is in both years.  We expect fiscal 20 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.60. This would represent a 4% to 6% increase over prior year's adjusted to $2.45 which excluded a $0.02 negative impact from a pension settlement charge. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the 41 billion to 41.2 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. Were assuming 2% to 3% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. This would be down 40 to 60 basis points versus the adjusted 10.8% in fiscal 19.  Were planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.1% to 28.2% compared to 28.6% last year. Were expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales in the range of 17.8% to 17.9% versus 17.8% last year. For modeling purposes, were currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.0%, net interest expense of about 4 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.22 billion.  Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx were planning comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of 25.1 billion to 25.2 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.1% to 13.3%. At HomeGoods we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of 6.4 billion to 6.5 billion. Were planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%.  For TJX Canada were planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of approximately 4.1 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency is expected to be in the range of 12.8% to 13%.  At TJX International were expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of approximately 5.4 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency is expected to be in the range of 4.4% to 4.6%.  Moving on to Q1 guidance, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.54 versus last year's $0.56. Were expecting foreign currency to negatively impact EPS growth by approximately 3%.  While Q1 EPS growth is planned down, I want to highlight that it implies an adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 10% for the last nine months of the year.  Moving on, were modeling first quarter consolidated sales of approximately 9.1 billion to 9.2 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact due to translational FX.  For comp store sales were assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and 3% to 4% at Marmaxx. First quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 9.6% to 9.8% range versus 11% in the prior year. Were anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.9% to 28.0% versus 28.9% last year. Were expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 18.2% to 18.3% versus 17.8% last year.  For modeling purposes, were currently anticipating a tax rate of 26%, 1 million of net interest and weighted average share count of approximately 1.23 billion. It's important to remember that our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter.  Now to our store growth plans for fiscal 20. We plan to add about 230 net new stores, which would bring our year-end total to more than 4,500 stores. This represents store growth of approximately 5%. And similar to this past year, reflects our plans to close only a few stores.  Beginning in the US, our plans call for us to add about 60 stores at Marmaxx. Next, we expect to add approximately 65 HomeGoods stores and open up about 15 HomeSense stores. We also plan to open up an additional 10 Sierra stores.  In Canada, we plan to add about 30 new stores. And at TJX International, we plan to open approximately 40 stores in Europe and 10 stores in Australia.  I will wrap-up with our cash distributions to shareholders. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 18% on top of the 25% increase last year. This would mark our 23rd straight year of dividend increases.  In fiscal 20 we also plan to buy back 1.75 billion to 2.25 billion of TJX stock. Even with our significant shareholder distributions, we still plan to end fiscal 20 with approximately 2.5 billion in cash and short-term investments, which underscores our financial flexibility.  Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question. 
Alexandra Walvis : I will start with the guidance and particularly on the gross margin. So it looks like your guiding to around 90 basis points negative for the first quarter and then for the full year that moderates around 40 to 50 basis points. Can you talk us through what's contained within that guidance in particular, how much of it is freight and how should we think about when freight headwind starts to phase out for the business? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: This is Scott. So in talking about our Q1 guidance, just to be clear, the guidance is down about -- at the high end about a 100 basis points in the first quarter, which implies as we said in the prepared remarks that we are up 7% to 10% EPS growth in the back nine. And also, that means our EPS basis point is down 20 on the rest of the year, which correlates to that 7% to 10%.  In terms of the gross profit, the down 90 is 70 ex-FX in the first quarter and down 30 basis points for the rest of the year for the last nine, approximately, which gets you to the 40 basis points down -- that were down on gross profit. So the gross profit is being impacted less next year for freight but it's still a significant impact to our gross margin. So we would be up on our merchandise margin is not for the freight impact next year.  So it is moderating -- it's moderating for two primarily reasons. We have some large as you know rate increases this year. Our best estimates at this point is that we will still have large increases for the first couple of quarters and then if we expect based on what we see or what our intelligence say its going to moderate a bit in the back half of the year and we have freight mitigation strategies, which we believe are going to start impacting and benefiting us next year, and again, more likely in the back half of the year than the first half.  So we feel good about that. Our supply chain pressure is slightly less next year than it is this year, again, more first half oriented and much bigger in the first quarter than the rest of the year, and again, its more due to two different -- thats more due to HomeGoods and Marmaxx, HomeGoods as we are still annualizing the opening of a DC opened in New Jersey this year and Marmaxx where we have a San Antonio DC this year that will be opening up.  In terms of the rest of it, so it's really supply chain pressure and merchandise margin in the first quarter, driven by the -- what will be more of an outsized or overweighted to that versus the rest of the year.  And also one other thing I would call out, we will have to see how it plays out is that particularly in our European business we have an impact baked in for the year but more for the first quarter for the impact of Brexit, which impacts us in the first quarter and we will have to see how that develops. Some of those are fixed costs to make sure that we are prepared for doing business in Europe and some of that is variable cost depending on what happens.  The second piece to that is we have more -- and another piece is that we have more mark on pressure in Canada and Europe in the first quarter than what we will be seeing for the rest of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss from J.P. Morgan. You may ask your question. 
Matthew Boss: So may be larger picture. Can you just speak to your confidence and may be some of the drivers behind your 2% to 3% comp forecast versus 1% to 2%, which I think really has started historically over the past five years, maybe just also the best way to think about the traffic in AUR components within the top-line guide? 
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Well, Matthew you can see from the momentum that weve been getting specifically as the year has gone on here has been pretty consistent and you look across the consistency of the divisions we had a spread from 4% comp to a 7% comp. Almost universally across all the divisions we have an enormous penetration and growth rate on key branded vendors and branded merchandise within the mix at every division. And I would say each division has had a significant increase in their top brands and this doesnt necessarily mean that they are better brands, its just all well-known brands and in aggregate our top brands are actually up pretty significantly across the board, which is another great indicator. But I really like to quote that the name of the game here is value. And when we look at our value positioning in terms of how well we can execute going forward and this is where it gives us confidence in the upping our comp by 1 point is we are so well positioned in our ability to execute brand, fashion quality and at the value pricing, right, because those of the components of our value.  We have stability in merchants across the four core divisions. That is helping ensure that were able to do that. If you look at the fourth quarter that was our highest the two-year stack of the year that we just finished. So that's a great indicator going into the New Year. Our average retail you mentioned that is moderating, and then actually recent has been picking up. So again that is something we have said repeatedly, Scott and myself, we don't -- keep in mind we dont dictate that or drive that top down but that's the nature of what our merchants do when they go up to hot categories, its kind of driven by that.  But we see our flexible model and the relationships that have happened, some of that probably based on the environment where a lot of the key brands are finding that their ability to do business with us and their desire to grow that business is very beneficial to them if they work with us because were such a treasure hunt experience that they are able to grow their business and not doing in a way that hurts their current business. But really when you boil it all down, I think our value positioning and the way we can execute the components of value, the brand, the fashion and the quality, the price as witnessed by again the last couple quarters. And we didn't have the stability in our teams which are executing well and that weve grown those teams. Weve added like around 10% growth in that merchant team as we talked about on that number earlier. Because we had faith and confidence that was going to help us with our 2% to 3% comp that you were just asking about.  So hopefully that gives you a lot of color on that and why were so confident and its really feeling great about this coming year in terms of driving the top-line.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chethan Mallela from Barclays. 
Chethan Mallela: Can you talk a little bit about the drivers of the merchandise margin improvement in the fourth quarter, which I think came despite continued elevated freight cost? Its a little of a change from what we had seen over the first quarter -- three quarters of the year. And it also sounds like its a little bit different than your expectation in fiscal 20, where I think you may be looking for merchandise margin down a little bit. So just help us to think about any tailwinds in the quarter there? 
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Yes, the freight -- so the overall gross margin thats down 10 basis point ex-FX, was driven again. The strong merchandise margin was primarily driven by improved markdowns. If you remember last year, some -- again a lot of it which was as we planned. Last year we had some flow issues at HomeGoods and some at Marmaxx so last year we had more markdowns in the fourth quarter. We took advantage of this year and more and we had good markdown improvement, a little bit offset in Canada where we took a bit more markdowns than we had anticipated, some of it was structural due to the timing of markdowns in the calendar but some of it was due to some softness that we saw, as there was some weather-related issues in January, just on that. But overall, that was the biggest driver.  We did see freight pressure. But as we had said earlier in the year, our largest freight pressure was going to be in the third quarter. So we had less fright pressure in the fourth than the third, although, still was -- it was still significant. We did have some -- we had continued supply chain pressure and timing and weve talked about timing of expenses which all came in as potentially as planned and those were the drivers that offset the strong -- some of the strong comp. So we did see some occupancy leverage offsetting these timing expense supply chain offset some of the strong merchandise margin and comp benefit we got.  We also had 10 basis points of pure hedge that hit us in the fourth quarter. But as other than that we were really pleased with the overall performance of our merchandise margin at all the operating levels in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Can you talk a little bit about average ticket trends in the fourth and any expectations you have for this coming year?
Ernie Herrman: Well, Lorraine, weve talked about this, its -- like we mentioned earlier, since we dont directed it or top down manage it, as best we can closing on order within the market and availability and based on our hot categories that we chase after, again its bottom up driven from our merchandise managers and buyers, thus only go after certain categories. And right now as weve continued to doing, its working. Were going after the hottest categories. We were fortunate as we went through this past year, some of the hotter categories helped our ticket. And so our ticket moderated, started to pick up a little and thats how we came out of the year with up a little.  We would like to say wed hover maybe around there but again Scott and I are always hesitant to commit too far out because we buy still hand-to-mouth. So our visibility on the law and order, there were certain things we can bring in from it, like right now we can bring in that were highly branded on our law and order and we can -- that our values are terrific. We can tell that the ticket looks pretty good on whats on order book. We still have a lot of open to buy. Our guess is it should moderate and pick up a little but again its -- dont hold me to that up in the second quarter on telling you what we are down at. I dont think it will be anything major like it was back a few years ago but were feeling like at the end of the day our best guess would be it moderates and picks up a little. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Bob Drbul: I just wondered if, in terms of product availability, Im specifically interested in the tariff situation. Has it created any opportunities for you in certain categories? 
Ernie Herrman: So Bob we would say that right now a little bit but not much, nothing meaningful, however, were were looking at the tariff situation, its something -- first of all were just like everybody, were going to wait and see. Were not probably immune to certain ramifications from tariff in the close-end situation. However, like anything in our business we believe longer-term its probably going to be a benefit for us because any uneasiness in the market or any chaotic change for the vendor community in terms of them having to bring goods and earlier or allocate differently or resource to different countries, we believe will ultimately benefit us. Just in the shorter term there could be some ramifications. Right now it's been so early. There's been probably little pockets of opportunities weve taken advantage of but there hasnt been anything meaningful.
Bob Drbul: And I was just wondering if you can provide an update and just sort of a little bit more on the wage pressures and how you're managing that and sort of what you're seeing?
Ernie Herrman: On the wage, so we bought in -- our philosophy on the wage situation is were proactive I would say market-by-market, would be our approach. So we have in many -- in like a third of the country were at $11 already. However, we don't believe in taking the blanket approach of upping our wages across multiple states all at the same level.  Our attrition is fine. We have not had problem hiring in the stores. So what we are doing, obviously we will state-by-state go along with any of those policy changes and that will take care of those states. But in other markets, we don't feel the same to pay in a certain market down South as it is to pay in Greater New York City area. I mean its just thats doesn't feel appropriate in terms of cost of living and our situation with our help in the stores wouldnt tell us that thats right thing to do.
Scott Goldenberg: Bob just to add to what Ernie said I mean we still have the same level in that 1% to 2% impact of wage on our EPS growth. Going back to Ernie, with the market conditions, we provide for a factor for what we think we will have to adjust during the year and last year that came in pretty close to what we thought and simply will provide for a built into our guidance what we will have to adjust for market conditions going forward. I would say that, that was a bit more than we anticipated this year, was in our supply chain, some of our distribution centers, where we had some more wage costs in the back half of the year that we had to adjust from a competitive point of view, but they are built into our guidance for next year. 
Ernie Herrman: It does Bob obviously as Scott said it does continue to be a headwind obviously for not just us but many retailers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. You may ask your question.
Jamie Merriman: You talked about launching e-commerce for Marshalls later this year and I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about how youre thinking about that? And then I know in the UK you have started doing the sort of click and collect option for your e-commerce and wondering if its given much thought to potentially rolling that out in the US either with this Marshalls launch or with the T.J. Maxx?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Great questions, Jamie. So on the -- you just would like a little -- I think a little color on the Marshalls launch and what were thinking? 
Jamie Merriman: Yes.
Ernie Herrman: So again were shooting for the back half of this year and the key component here as we did with tjmax.com and differently from most other retailers in the way they approach their e-com business is we stay high -- a high percentage of our mix is differentiated from online versus what's in the stores. And we find that that is the number one reason that we can get an incremental build off the business and not have cannibalization or lose visits to the store because we look at it as complementary and we want marshalls.com to be very complementary. And we want to encourage on returns and in shopping for first time consumers to go both the website and the store. So we will stay as rigorous on marshalls.com and making sure that mix online is differentiated as tjmaxx.com has been and that has worked really well for us.  Conversions, customer awareness, returns to stores, conversion rates have been healthy for us. Were going to look to -- weve learned a lot with tjmaxx.com. So all of those learnings weve had in terms of building customer awareness and building incremental trips to our store, were going to apply that to Marshalls. We really believe that it helps to drive incremental store traffic given that a large, large percentage of our returns online go back to our stores. And so its going to encourage cross-shopping. And by the way I think based on how we executed the fact that were going to now be in both is probably -- theres probably a little build on that by having both of them involved.  The click and collect overseas is a little bit of a different animal because in the UK they are set up, in many situations as you have to -- you cant leave packages actually at the flats or the apartments. So a large percentage of that business innately would tend to be click and collect differently than here.  Having said that, we are to look down the road here, probably doing some tests on it. We don't believe for our assorted business or our click and collect where your retailer brick-and-mortar to have the exact same SKUs in their stores they have online. You can do a click and collect and pick up the goods at the same day, that's one of the big benefits to those retailers that have a high click and collect business. That unfortunately never be something we can do because the nature of our treasure hunt and our footprints.  Having said that, were probably going to test something about that here in the near future and find out what type of business it could be for us here. So great questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Hey, Scott. Just curious, it was significant upside throughout the year, 2 comps, you come in at the high-end of the EPS guide. I am just wondering is there some type of variable cost or some type of other cost that kind of came in above your expectations throughout the year? 
Scott Goldenberg: I guess just to be clear, our EPS if we went back to our original guidance was 6% EPS growth and we came in at a 9% EPS growth and we were hit with primarily with headwinds on the freight of 2% to 3% of EPS growth over what we had expected and also we had some additional cost as we talked on supply chain and incentive growth. So not that you want to say what your number would've been but if just even if its freight we would've had low double-digit EPS growth versus our 6% EPS growth on the sales that we flow through. So we would have thought that would have been -- is pretty good and ... 
John Kernan : 3, 4.
Scott Goldenberg: . even with it. Yes. So having said, yes, so -- were -- nothing -- we feel really good about that. In terms of just in the in recent -- so the freight was a contributor to each quarter that we had not anticipated. It didn't get -- didn't change much from once we saw what was happening by the time we got to the first quarter call, so I would say it was pretty much has come as we had anticipated from that point in time.  The only thing I would call out is in the last quarter we had a bit of a -- the timing expenses and supply chain pretty much came in, but as I said earlier we had the truing up of our incentive accruals because we had a great fourth quarter and you true-up the whole year in your fourth quarter, the incentive accruals being a piece of it more than we would've expected. And as I talked about early, we had some wage in -- DC wage impact. Other than that everything pretty came in as we thought. And again to clear up any confusion that may have happened today that we did beat our adjusted guidance by 2 pennies all due to operating performance.  The fiscal -- the true up was in our tax reform which was worth 2 pennies less than what wed contemplated. So we feel again really good about the operating performance that we did have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Kimberly Greenberger : I thought it was intriguing that youre looking out to the second, third and fourth quarter and getting back to that sort of high digit to 10% EPS growth once we get through Q1 with some of those unique pressures. And if I would reflect back on the past couple of years weve been sort of stuck in the mid single-digit EPS range, there have been a confluence of factor that have driven that. But Im wondering if this foreshadows perhaps a stronger trend in your go forward EPS growth kind of looking out to 2020 and 2021. So Im wondering if you can sort of reflect on where you think the more medium term outlook for the company might sit, and if this is an opportunity to see that sustainable EPS growth rate reaccelerate? Thank you so much.
Scott Goldenberg: Hi, Kimberly. I would love to -- I think wed love to say that but I think just to be fair I think our overall guidance of 4% to 6% based on what were seeing now is more indicative at least at this point in time, we were basically more or less were calling out the 7% to 10%, due to the -- again I dont want to overstate timing and other factors that the way things were flowing within -- between -- we're trying to just call out the first quarter to the rest of the year. And so we did get some benefits of -- we did have some higher incentive accruals, and some of the restructuring costs last year, which we clearly called out and obviously were getting some of that benefit as we cycle over that in the back half of the year. So I don't want to overstate it, I will just go back. I think both Ernie and I are comfortable with our overall guidance. There are a lot of wild cards as weve always talked about on FX and Brexit tariffs . 
Ernie Herrman: Wage. 
Scott Goldenberg:  wage and well have -- and supply chain, freight. We think hopefully we will get better, but too really -- at this point too early to make a call on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Morris from D. A. Davidson. You may ask your question.
John Morris : One for Scott and one for Ernie. Scott, can you -- I mean given the comp quarter -- given the comp compares, the tough compares next year by quarter, can you give us a feel for how that would flow, would it just -- would it be evenly -- just want to make sure we are getting a read there by quarter? And then Ernie on -- let's say we got Payless, Gymboree, I guess Macys streamlining their inventory planning, SAC saw fit potential closings. I know that's a lot but can you give us the puts and takes and what you think about that from your experience, how do you read into this in terms of potential positive benefits?
Scott Goldenberg: Got it. Hi, John, not much to say on the comp other than they were 2% to 3% for the quarter and by definition 2% to 3% for the back, so thats all were going to.
John Morris: That helps.
Ernie Herrman: So, John, clearly over the last couple of years, what we've been seeing is if stores have been closed theyve been in some cases decreasing -- their sales have been decreasing specifically in brick-and-mortar. As you know some of the department stores youve had increased online business but decreased in brick-and-mortar. And so we tend to -- we do and I know Scott has talked about this before, we measure it and we look at the benefits to watch potentially, ironically it hasnt been in either direction as much as we would think. So its tough for us to get a handle on the store closures, market share. What we do know at the end of the day is weve -- and clearly, domestically here were talking about both specific stores, we have clearly this last year gained major market share given those comps and new store growth. Do I believe indirectly theres probably market share pieces here? I do. We tend to look at it by category for example. So in some of these cases, if it's a category for example, if its a retailer who is more private label and the retailer is -- they maybe in one of our categories but if they are private labeled based, its not like necessarily were going to get that same customer trading up to us. Its more to me if there was a category that overlaps with us and similar demo brand-oriented customer then I think although tough to measure we have to believe were picking up some of that market share and thats kind of how Scott and I have looked at it across the board. We have done analyses because we dont even have to look at these few, weve done analyses last couple of years on all the different stores that have closed. Because by the way youve had a lot of retailers, have closed a chunk, 20% of their stores even though they havent close all their stores and weve looked and those -- they havent really seen the visibility to it. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I would just jump in there for a minute. The uniformity of our comps whether its in Canada, as we called out in the prepared remarks, the UK and particularly in Marmaxx in the US, there is very little differential between urban, rural, suburban, exurban and by geographic region at a pretty minute level. So it just feels like as Ernie has always talked about more due to the overall execution and less of -- that has to be the vast majority of it, not that in certain locales and store-by-store, were not certainly picking up. But its too broad-based in terms of how we are doing. 
Ernie Herrman: So one thing John though and its to your question that we have seen is whenever this type of thing happens, the event we do and this is probably something we have also felt with our influx of even more brands and more availability as we end up with some of those vendors that supply them reaching out to us. So that ends up being even at the retail level we can measure it, we end up with more goods served up to us because obviously all those vendors that are serving those, any of those retailers, they want to call us when they know that they are not going to have those outlets. Does that make sense?
John Morris: Yes, no, it totally does. Maybe a way to read at this, because youre focused on toys at holiday, how was the toy category for you guys?
Scott Goldenberg: So you know us well, we cant give you that but . 
John Morris : Well, qualitatively. Were you happy?
Scott Goldenberg: Well qualitatively you could -- if you looked in the stores I think we had a good mix across the store, and so I think toys looked also like a good mix. But I cant give you how things performed. 
John Morris : Understood all right, great. Good luck for spring.
Scott Goldenberg: I would look at it as an opportunity for supply chain for us of additional vendors. 
Operator: Our final question today comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisors Group. You may ask your question.
Dana Telsey : As you think about the CapEx spend remodel have been a part of the equation, whats in the pipeline for remodels and can you just remind us about the list that you saw in remodels? And you also mentioned about marketing and have these new initiatives coming. Is the penetration moving higher, what should we see on marketing? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: I will jump in first, Ernie will jump in on the second part of that, Dana. Thanks, Dana, a couple of things you reminded me that I didnt address one. Remodels we dont really specifically talk about the lift I would say that certainly what we do is we take -- we adjust and at each round of remodels that we do we think we take the best from what were doing across all of our banners. And so we do think its been a positive, but not like when we used to talk about it eight, nine years ago when we were doing a lot of things different. But we have increased our remodels this year by almost 20 remodels getting close to the 300 level, a little over north of 275 and that number will continue to go up and will keep our stores fresh.  Also it's an opportunity, we do a lot of relocations as we have a lot of leases coming due each year and we tend to move, weve talked about this and we do get a significant benefit from relos and were doing a substantial number of relocations this year, greater than 50 at the most we've ever done. So we feel good about that. So those two things. In terms of marketing and advertising I will turn it over to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Dana, great question. So our marketing spend if you want to look at it that way is pretty much in line with where its been, nothing of substance moving. Having said that, we have as you know over the last few years been moving a greater portion of our working media to digital and we continue to find that obviously we're going to go where the customers are looking and spending their time.  Most importantly, I am so proud of all of the marketing executives across all the divisions as well as the head of our marketing and corporate and all of the creative execution that we've done. I think youve probably seen some of it, I dont know if youve seen some of the international but our creative I think has really gone to a new level and thats at every division, whether it's Marmaxx or HomeGoods or Sierra, Canada, Europe, things like the MaxxLife campaign, MarshallsSurprise campaign, HomeGoods Go Finding. These have all resonated very strongly with consumers and I give our guys credit because there is a spend, were never going to be one of the big spenders because of our word-of-mouth everyday traffic type of retail, but we have had a lot of breakthrough campaigns that I really give our teams a lot of credit. And we review these constantly throughout the year. That we just had a big review about a month ago with the teams. And when I looked out for this coming FY 20 I love the different iterations we have going for the campaigns. So I would say its a smarter use, obviously more effective use of dollars that were spending and we're feeling really good about it. And obviously weve been measuring a lot of the effectiveness over the last year or two and clearly including capturing some more younger customers as a greater percent of the new customers has been a big benefit and that has been a focus you know that Ive talked about before.  In addition to just driving traffic were also trying to drive traffic, which is setting a foundation for us for the future with younger customers. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And just to jump in, going back to your other comment related to the new customers but also our customer satisfaction scores continue to be strong and going up virtually across all of our banners, which I think is an important thing and I think a lot of that has to do with as Ernie has talked from time-to-time and related to remodels, keeping the stores fresh but also being prudent and not cutting back on our store operating hours and other things when it affects the standards of the store and I think we've been pretty consistent about keeping that our store standards healthy and I think all that relates to keeping our customer satisfaction scores good. Obviously with a great mix of product that the customer wants.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So its a great question Dana because we struggle with all of the challenges in terms of how do you balance, how much you put. So for now basically, our marketing dollars are pretty much flattish I would say this year than last year but our creative I would say is more effective. And it has been by the way. 
Ernie Herrman: Alright. That is the end of the call. Thank you all for joining us today. And I look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Have a good day, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2018-11-20 21:38:00) =====
Executives: Debra McConnell - Senior Vice President and Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Boss - J.P. Morgan Alexandra Walvis - Goldman Sachs Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roxanne Meyer - MKM Partners Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities Simeon Siegel - Nomura Instinet Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded November 20, 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Elan. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 4, 2018. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investors section. Thank you and now I will turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I want to start today by saying that our hearts go out to everyone affected by the wildfires in California, the recent hurricanes Florence and Michael, and here in Massachusetts, the natural gas fires in Essex County. At TJX, we take our commitment to helping those in need seriously and one way we support our communities is through disaster relief efforts. As part of this long-standing commitment, and in addition to our annual contribution to the American Red Cross for disaster relief, we are making incremental donations from our charitable foundation to the Red Cross. We are also donating to Habitat for Humanity and other local charitable organizations to support the respective relief and long-term recovery efforts in the impacted areas. Moving to the third quarter, Im very pleased with our excellent results. Consolidated comp store sales growth of 7% and earnings per share of $0.61 both exceeded our expectations. Our teams across the company drove excellent execution of our off-price fundamentals and each of our four major divisions delivered strong comp sales and customer traffic increases. This marked the 17th consecutive quarter that customer traffic was up at TJX and Marmaxx. Further, we saw continued momentum in our apparel businesses across the company. We believe our strong third quarter results demonstrate the fundamental strength of our off-price treasure hunt. Staying focused on offering consumers great merchandise and great values continues to be our winning formula. We are convinced that we are continuing to gain market share in the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia, which is great for our future. With our very strong third quarter results, we are raising our full-year comp and adjusted EPS outlook, which Scott will detail in a moment. Looking ahead, the fourth quarter is off to a solid start and we have many initiatives planned to keep driving traffic and sales this holiday season and beyond. We enter the fourth quarter well-positioned to take advantage of the plentiful buying opportunities we see in the marketplace and we will be flowing fresh merchandise selections throughout the holiday season. Longer term, we remain confident that we will continue our successful growth in the U.S. and around the world. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter numbers. Scott.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As a reminder, all earnings per share items and share figures reflect the November 6th two-for-one stock split. As Ernie mentioned, consolidated comparable store sales increased 7% and were significantly above our expectations. Once again, customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at all divisions, as we believe we are capturing market share. As a reminder, our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce businesses. Third quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.61, which includes a pension settlement charge of $0.02 that was not contemplated in our guidance. Excluding this charge and a $0.09 benefit from the 2017 Tax Act, adjusted earnings per share were $0.54, an 8% increase over last years $0.50 and well above the high end of our plan. Foreign currency negatively impacted EPS growth by 7%. Importantly, while merchandise margins decreased in the quarter, it would have been up without the increased pressure from freight. Now, to recap our third quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased an outstanding 9%, significantly exceeding our plan. Once again, comp sales were driven by customer traffic. We were very pleased with the strong comp sales consistency we saw throughout the quarter and across all our geographic regions. Further, we saw excellent performance throughout Marmaxxs apparel businesses. Segment profit margin was up 20 basis points. Expense leverage on the strong comp more than offset the incremental cost from freight and expenses related to our supply chain. We are very excited about the initiatives we have planned this holiday season that we believe will drive consumers to our store and online. HomeGoods comps grew a very strong 7% on top of last years 3% comp increase. Segment profit margin was down 200 basis points. This was due to significantly higher freight costs and expenses related to our supply chain. We are very pleased with HomeGoods comp growth and traffic increase and continue to see a significant opportunity to capture additional market share with both of our U.S. home banners. TJX Canadas third quarter comps grew a strong 5% over a 4% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 60 basis points due to wage increases. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our Canadian businesses. At TJX International, comps increased 3% in the third quarter. Once again, we saw consistency in our sales across all our UK regions. Further, our Australian business continues to be very strong. Adjusted segment profit margin at TJX International, excluding foreign currency, was up 190 basis points, primarily due to cost efficiencies, favorable timing of expenses, and an increase in merchandise margin. We are convinced that we continue to gain market share in Europe, despite the challenging consumer environment, and we are pleased with our performance given the weaker European retail landscape. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2019 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Now that Scott has covered the third quarter highlights, lets discuss some of the opportunities we see to keep driving sales and traffic in the fourth quarter. First, I believe we are very strongly positioned as a destination for gifts this holiday season. All of our retail banners are set extremely well and look terrific. We offer consumers a curated and eclectic mix of gift selections sourced from 100 plus countries around the globe. We will be flowing fresh product multiple times a week right through the holidays, which we believe differentiates us from many major retailers. In addition, I believe we have become better every year at transitioning our merchandise selections post-holiday. Second, we feel great about our marketing campaigns, which recently launched. Across divisions, our creative campaigns are centered on inspiration around the amazing products we are offering this holiday season. We are utilizing a tri-branded campaign strategy for our banners across North America again this year, which has worked well for us in prior years. In Europe, we will be leveraging our holiday campaign across multiple geographies. Each of our divisions will be marketing every week throughout the holiday season across a variety of media, including television, digital, mobile, and social media. Next, our loyalty programs in the U.S., Canada, and the UK are an important vehicle for us to engage with customers and encourage more frequent visits and cross-shopping of our retail banners. We are seeing great momentum in our U.S. program and, at the same time, believe significant opportunity remains, which bodes well for the future. Moving on to e-commerce, we are pleased with our growth in this channel and with our key online metrics. This holiday season, we have expanded category offerings and are bringing more brands to our U.S. and UK e-commerce sites. Importantly, we remain focused on our differentiation strategy for online to encourage consumers to shop both online and in our stores. Moving on, I would like to reiterate the key reasons for our confidence in our continued successful growth around the world. First, our focus on value has served us extremely well through all kinds of retail and economic environments over our 40+ year history and this gives us great confidence in our future. We have delivered positive annual comp sales for 22 consecutive years. And in an evolving retail landscape where many retailers are seeking different ways to attract customer traffic, we are proud that our core off-price concept continues to drive our traffic and sales increases. We are convinced that our formula for value, which is a combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality, will continue to resonate across a wide customer demographic around the world. Importantly, we deliver shoppers excellent value on comparable merchandise versus full-price department and specialty stores as well as major online retailers. Second, our differentiated treasure hunt shopping experience gives us tremendous confidence in our ability to keep attracting and retaining customers across a wide demographic and, particularly, younger shoppers. We offer the convenience of shopping an extremely wide selection of merchandise across many categories in a timely manner. We strive to bring inspiration and excitement to our customers every time they visit with ever-changing merchandise sourced from across the globe. Next, we see ourselves as leaders in flexibility. First and foremost, the flexibility of our opportunistic buying allows us to seek out the best opportunities in the marketplace from our 20,000 plus vendor universe. Further, we are nimble in the marketplace and can buy close to need to capture additional sales when consumer trends are strong. Our flexible supply chain and store format enable us to change up our floor space to expand hot categories and hot brands so we can deliver shoppers more relevant, on-trend merchandise. In addition, we see an excellent opportunity to grow our global store base to a total of 6,100 stores and that is just with our current chains in our current countries alone. Our decades of operational knowledge and global real estate expertise give us enormous confidence. Further, there is plenty of real estate available to us in the U.S., UK, and Europe. And as always, we will remain disciplined in our approach to select the best locations we can for each of our banners. Lastly, and I cant emphasize this enough, we are confident that there will be plenty of inventory available in the marketplace to support our global growth plans. Availability of quality branded merchandise has never been an issue in the history of our company. In fact, availability of quality product has been getting even better. Our buying team is always developing new vendor relationships and constantly looking for new ways to do additional business with existing vendors. Importantly, we offer vendors a vehicle to clear excess inventory efficiently and discretely and grow their business with the retailer with 4,000 plus stores and online. In closing, we feel great about our very strong third quarter performance and the momentum of the business. We are laser-focused on executing the initiatives we have planned to drive sales and traffic increases in the fourth quarter and beyond. We are convinced that our global infrastructure and teams and decades of off-price knowledge are a tremendous advantage as we continue to grow our business. We believe that TJX is in an excellent position to leverage our global presence and capture additional market share around the world. Now, I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we will open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Before I begin, I want to remind everyone that last years fiscal calendar included an extra week for both the fourth quarter and full-year. Now, to our guidance, beginning with the fourth quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.67 versus last years $0.69. Excluding an estimated benefit of $0.10 due to items related to the 2017 Tax Act, adjusted earnings per share would be in the range of $0.56 to $0.57 versus the prior years adjusted EPS of $0.59. Similar to the prior quarters, this guidance assumes that the combination of incremental freight costs and wage increases will negatively impact fourth quarter EPS growth by approximately 5%. We also expect the timing of certain expenses to negatively impact fourth quarter EPS growth. We are modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales of approximately $10.8 billion to $10.9 billion. This guidance assumes a 6% negative impact to reported revenue growth due to the extra week last year and a 1% negative impact due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth of approximately 2% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.4% to 10.5% range versus an adjusted 11.5% in the prior year. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.6% to 27.7% versus an adjusted 27.9% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 17.2% versus an adjusted 16.4% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 26.8%, net interest expense of about $2 million, and weighted average share count of approximately 1.25 billion. Moving on to full-year guidance, as we mentioned in our press release this morning, we are updating our EPS guidance. On a GAAP basis, we now expect fiscal 2019 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.41 to $2.43. As a reminder, this guidance includes an expected benefit of $0.36 due to items related to the 2017 Tax Act and a third quarter pension settlement charge of $0.02. Excluding these items, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $2.08 to $2.09, which reflects our strong third quarter results. This would be up 8% versus the adjusted $1.93 in fiscal 2018. This guidance assumes that the combination of incremental freight costs and wage increases will negatively impact fiscal 2019 EPS growth by approximately 5%. This guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $38.6 billion to $38.7 billion range, an 8% increase over the 53 week prior year. We are now assuming a 5% comp increase on a consolidated basis as a result of our strong year-to-date performance. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be approximately 10.7%. Excluding a 10 basis point negative impact due to the third quarter pension settlement charge, we expect adjusted pre-tax profit margin in the range of 10.7% to 10.8%. This would be down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 11.2% in fiscal 2018. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6% compared with the adjusted 28.8% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales of approximately 17.7% versus the adjusted 17.5% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.2%, net interest expense of about $12 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 1.26 billion. Now to our full-year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are now planning comp growth of 6% on sales of $23.8 billion and we are assuming average ticket will be up slightly for the full-year. We now expect segment profit margin of 13.5%. At HomeGoods, we now expect comps to increase 4% on sales of $5.8 billion. We are planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.4%. For TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 4% on sales of $3.9 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 14.3% to 14.4%. At TJX International, we continue to expect comp growth of 2% on sales of $5.2 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 5.2% to 5.3%. Its important to remember that our guidance for the fourth quarter and full-year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Before we start Q&A, I want to take a moment to discuss anticipated headwinds to our EPS growth in fiscal 2020 based on what we are seeing today. As we have discussed previously, we are expecting incremental margin pressure to continue from freight, wage increases, and our supply chain investments to support our growth. We expect freight and wage each to have about a 2% negative impact to EPS growth in fiscal 2020. Further, our fiscal 2020 plans now assume a negative impact to EPS of about 1% due to the new lease accounting standard. To be clear, there are no new costs here, only the timing of when certain expenses will hit our P&L over the life of our leases. I want to reiterate that we feel very good about our recent comp and traffic increases and momentum in our business, as well as our healthy merchandise margin. Further, in the same way we focus on execution to drive sales, we are laser-focused on executing ways to help mitigate the cost pressures from freight and supply chain. That said, to the extent that we can drive solid top-line growth, that can help mitigate the impact of these headwinds to EPS growth and we are certainly focused on that. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on the nice quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So, I guess maybe this question may be both for Ernie and Scott. I guess on same store sales, so two quarters in a row now guiding 2% to 3% comps versus 1% to 2% in the past. Maybe can you speak, one, to the drivers of the market share that you are seeing? And then, two, Scott, do you see this as a more appropriate starting point to avoid chasing sales to such a degree?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Matthew, great question. So, some of the key - obviously, we are very happy with the transaction growth, traffic growth. We have a lot of things going, benefiting us. But the No. 1 thing is better execution this year than last year. Clearly, in the third quarter last year, we had talked about a few areas where we were not very happy with the execution. And this year, on top of just better execution overall, more balanced assortments. I think we talked about a fashion mix last year in a couple categories. We have had the opposite this year and had strong execution, not just in those areas that hurt us last year but, in fact, throughout the stores. And each division, by the way. I was just in New York recently. That division looks terrific and the mix in the stores. Canada. And HomeGoods, obviously, we have a healthy top-line growing. But, clearly, Marmaxx versus a year ago is bringing an excitement level in the merchandise and more of a balanced fashion and basics and traditional, which is how we like to drive business. We dont like to be one-dimensional. We like to be eclectic. Treasure hunt. And last year we were suffering from too many looks in one direction and this year, I think, these guys have done a great job on really executing the model. So, we have a high degree of confidence, by the way, that the way these four big core divisions are executing will continue going forward. And probably to your question about the 2% to 3%, that is why we are feeling pretty bullish there. Scott, I dont know if you wanted to jump in?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think Ernie talked on it. In addition to, obviously, executing better in some of those departments last year that we talked about, that every quarter have continued to be better, and actually outperforming at Marmaxx - the entire chain. And also the average retail, at least for this year, has continued to be flat to up all year, which certainly is a pressure that we were seeing in the past that we are not seeing now. So, that is the only thing to add.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexandra Walvis.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. We had a few questions on freight. You would called this out before as a headwind for this year. We wanted to know whether the headwind this quarter was consistent with what you would anticipated beforehand. Thank you also for the full-year 2020. I wanted to ask on that how you would expect that to trend through the year. Is that headwind expected to be concentrated in the first half or should we expect that to be ongoing?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure, I will take it. In terms of what we are seeing since we adjusted the guidance early in the first and second quarter for the year, we had called out that the third quarter was going to be our biggest freight impact versus last year and its come in pretty much where we thought it would be. In terms of next year, we called out that this year the impact is about 3%. I hesitate to use the term moderating, but a bit less of an impact at 2% next year. But still a big impact. Its still early to say but the increases that at least we are seeing are still going to be strong all year. I think the first half increases are likely to be a bit more than the second but those are still very much under review in our plans. But I think the overall thing is that the driver shortages and the rate increases are still going to be higher than they have been in the past next year.
Ernie Herrman: I will just jump in, Alexandra. Obviously, key with what we just talked about with Matt on the prior question, and we feel strongly about this, is we are going to be driving our sales and continuing our traffic increases. We are pretty confident in that. And executing our core price retail concept which, as you know, that flexibility that we have here just should continue to help us to mitigate some of these headwinds. Yes, they are a challenge. The freight headwinds are a challenge. And certainly in our model, we are as impacted as anybody. Its just I think our flexibility and our business model allows us to go after the right categories to help drive the sales and I think our track record has shown that we will figure out something to keep pushing that top-line to help with these freight increases.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking our question here. Just to focus, I guess, on the merchandise margin side of it, would you mind telling us how much the merchandise margin was in the quarter if we exclude - I think there was some FX in the baseline last year - and then freight this quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, so freight was the biggest component this quarter. It was almost approximately 50% impact to TJX. So, if you were to exclude freight from our merchandise margin, we would have been up on the merchandise margin. So the other factors were as we thought or better. A bit of just a call out, in terms of the flow through, which we were pleased with, would have been better than we thought. Merchandise margin or the mark-on actually came in a bit less than what we had guided to when we had started the third quarter. And that was primarily due to we drove a lot more branded merchandise, particularly at Marmaxx, than what we had thought. And that branded merchandise, obviously, hurt us a bit on the mark-on but was a key driver for the sales for the quarter. So, overall, we were extremely pleased but it did have an impact on our mark-on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Scott, just to continue on the merchandise margin question, can you maybe talk about performance by division on merchandise margin? Maybe excluding freight. And then just one clarification on the accounting thing you mentioned. What are the expenses that may be running through the P&L next year that - you mentioned there would be some timing things that drag on your earnings growth? Just want a little bit more detail there. Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: So, I dont know if - I will have Ernie just maybe address the overall - what we are seeing for next year, in terms of the impact in terms of how that might impact our overall EPS growth.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. With the headwinds for next year, I think we are looking at, unfortunately, the environment is not playing into our plans to have us ticking up next year on our EPS. In fact, we are looking at probably ticking down based on some of the things that are happening around us. Certainly, the macro factors, which remain uncertain, including foreign currency, tariffs, Brexit, all those things are weighing in. And we are going to be looking at how can we continue to offset this with driving sales and customer traffic and merchandise margin. But all things being equal, versus the 6% EPS growth plan that we planned this year, we are expecting we might tick down a notch from where we were planning this year and where we were hoping to be next year. Having said that, we are very confident in our positioning on liquidity, with the vendor relationships we have going in, and one of the key components that we are feeling really in a great place that Scott alluded to a little bit is our average ticket is going up. Part of that because we have been getting more better brands, which, yes, is possibly a margin headwind but it is a sales driver. And it is possibly a cost mitigator if we can have our average ticket go up and we have less unit volume going through the system. So, again, feeling very bullish on the top line. Its just some of the macro factors, like wage that Scott talked about, they are all creating some of these headwinds on the bottom line margin.
Scott Goldenberg: So, Paul, going back to your question on merchandise margin. Without going into too much detail, mark-on, we were very pleased pretty much across the board on TLY among all our divisions. Marmaxx, I told you, was a little less just due to the branded content. But, overall, real pleased with our mark-on. Markdowns were pretty good across all of our divisions. HomeGoods a bit less and the biggest piece of that was just timing with the 53rd week on the calendar shift on the way they take their markdowns. Overall, the biggest impact, obviously, to the merchandise margins was at HomeGoods and the majority of their merchandise margin miss, other than what I just talked about, was entirely due to freight. At Europe, our merchandise margin was up and at Canada, where we are starting to see some freight impact as we move from the first half to the second half, again excluding that, we were pretty much flattish and that is kind of been the story with all of our divisions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Really nice quarter here. Ernie, I just wanted to make sure I understood your comment when you were talking about calendar year 2019, fiscal 2020. Were you talking about potentially EPS next year would be lower than this year? I just wanted to make sure I clarified that. And then my question is on inventory. It looks like inventory is up 17% here versus last year and I think it was up last year as well. So, maybe you could just talk about the buying environment, your overall inventory strategy. Is there any indication that maybe there is a great pack away buying opportunity that would be pushing that inventory balance up? Just any color you could offer on inventory would be great. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Got it. All right. Kimberly, let me take the second one first and then Scott and I will both jump in on the first question. The inventory now is pretty much be design. Last year, we had a bit of - as much as the inventory was up based on where we wanted to be in certain categories and it was really specifically in HomeGoods for the most part and then a little bit in Marmaxx, where we had opportunity to flow more merchandise this year at the end of October, going into November. So, it is actually very little about pack away. Some of it is about pack away but more of it is about having goods to flow for into December and November. And one of our key strategies this year is to flow later in December than we had the year before. And if you look at our home business, HomeGoods specifically, last year our flow was a little lopsided. And if you remember, we actually talked about that when we had a markdown challenge coming out of January, going into February, in HomeGoods. I think - you remember that from the beginning of the year this past year. So, we are actually doing it the opposite this year. Wanted to own more inventory now, ship more aggressively now, pre-Christmas, and come out cleaner on the other end. So, I think we have a technical sales and margin opportunity, actually, in HomeGoods, specifically, and in some categories in Marmaxx. So, Yes, the inventory looks like a bubble but its actually where we wanted to be at this point in time. And, again, pack away are not at this point a driver. I would tell you, based on availability out there, Kimberly, I would guess, as we get to the end of this season and end of this year, we probably will have more pack away, to your point, because the environment is just seeming to yield a lot of branded goods that would be ideal pack away opportunities to open up with next fall, actually.
Scott Goldenberg: I will just, Kimberly, add a few things to what Ernie said. One, similar to some of the last quarters, our in-transit inventory has been up mid-single digit, which means the inventory that we have that is about to hit our DCs has been up in that mid-single-digit range. So that just means, similar to what has happened in the first, second, and third quarter, we are chasing a hot trend and that is part of the reason for the increase. When you look at where we believe we are going to be at the end of the year, we think the increases will moderate a bit more to where the mid-single digits, on a per-store basis, have been that we were at the end of the first and second quarter. So, I think its correcting, as Ernie said, some of the flow issues that we had last year and some of the opportunities we see over at least the next few months.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Now, your first question, which Scott and I will both talk to, yes. Since earlier this year, specifically to your question, the original outlook for fiscal 2020 earnings has changed, really due to several factors and Scott can, again, provide more detail. But based on what we know today, we are expecting the EPS growth next year to tick down, yes, from the high end of our original fiscal 2019 plan of 6% EPS growth. So, we are still finalizing the plans for fiscal 2020 and like I said before, there are a number of factors out there that we are having to weigh out. Scott has talked about some. Some I had mentioned earlier on that other question about foreign currency, tariffs, Brexit. You have wage. You have - what else, Scott? I mean, all these pressures.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So, let me just - I will just take over. I think Ernie hit on some of the ones that are to be determined, like Brexit and tariffs. But I think, more importantly, the biggest one being freight. So, when we planned last year our 6% EPS growth, we did not have the incremental impact of freight. Freight, as we called out earlier, is about 2%. So that, clearly, was not contemplated when we did our medium or longer-term plans as a headwind of that magnitude. Lease accounting standards, again, its not a cash impact, its more of a timing issue, but was not contemplated having a 1% negative impact. It does mitigate to almost nothing when you go past next year. And then due to our stock price rise that we have had, at least this year, more than what we would have planned, the share buyback is worth less than what we would have anticipated when we did our original plans. So, having said that, to offset some of these incremental factors, it would take us driving a slightly higher comp increase to - lets call it 3% - to offset the majority of these headwinds.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Good morning. Great quarter, guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Omar Saad: Ernie, I wanted to ask, if possible, maybe a little bit more color on that kind of discussion you made around fashion versus basics and having that right balance last year versus this year. And then maybe if you could also touch upon what seems to be continued home strength kind of throughout the different nameplates. Are you seeing anything as housing starts slow and the housing market is softening or are those really just two decoupled factors and not necessarily correlating to one another? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Two great questions, Omar. Yes, on the fashion, we talked about this many times. We really try to have a balanced approach in our business to create a treasure hunt. So, by definition, if you look at - if we want to have a treasure hunt and trade broadly, as we talked about many times - so, we want to appeal to a wide range of customers. And that applies to demographics, income levels. That applies to fashion desires. So, in other words, we dont want to have all of our mixes in one direction. We dont want to represent, unlike many retailers that will specialize - a certain specialty store will go after one demographic or one type of customer - we want to trade broadly and have as many customers as possible. So, that would refer to somebody who is more interested in basic or updated basic, transitional customer in home, or a more fashion customer. Last year, we were off on a few of those categories. This year, I think the teams - and Im talking across every division in the corporation - have really done a fantastic job of balancing the mixes across most of the families of business. So, obviously, we are going to have a hiccup every now and then, Omar, like in a family business, but we have, as you can tell from this past quarter, we were hitting on most cylinders across the board. And I have been thrilled with that because that really helps to play out the treasure hunt, where you are giving more of an eclectic mix throughout the store, and it really does help your turns and it helps your top-line. Its a top-line driver. HomeGoods, similarly - so, housing starts - and I know that is been a rollercoaster ride in terms of what has been talked about out there by market. But if you look at our home business, its pretty healthy across the board regionally through most areas of the country and the countries that we are in. So, we believe, because we are a fashion home business - and part of our home business is utilitarian. So, if you are in HomeSense in Canada or HomeSense in Europe of HomeGoods here, you certainly have certain categories that are very fashion driven but you have categories that are utilitarian with a fashion edge to it. I dont want to call out what some of those categories are because it would - its just the type of thing we let it speak for itself when you go visit our stores. But I think, as witnessed by those comps continuing to get better from the beginning of the year, I feel like we are headed in a good direction there, which back to Scotts challenge that we are talking about for next year, we are highly confident in our ability to keep driving this top-line in our home business and in the apparel businesses. So, thanks for the great questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. My question is around average ticket. Was that a metric that was up this quarter and is that something that you expect to continue into 4Q and 2020?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Lorraine, you are talking primarily Marmaxx because we really havent talked about it at the other divisions. Yes, I mean, at this point, we expect - average ticket was up slightly. We believe its going to be, based on what we are seeing for the fourth quarter, continue to be up in the fourth quarter. And, yes, we believe it will be flat to up slightly for next year based on our early indications.
Ernie Herrman: And, Lorraine, what is neat about our average ticket now is it is helping us to drive top-line and, like we talked about when we had the few years of average ticket decrease, just that was really top-down driven, from merchant, from buyers and merchandise managers. This is the same. So, when we used to try to explain it, I would like you and everyone else to understand that, as the ticket is now going up, its being driven down at the merchant level, where we are going after categories - just like that time when the ticket was decreasing, we were going after categories that were going to be sales drivers but they tended to be low ticket - we are now going after categories - our trending categories are higher ticket, which is a nice thing right now. So, again, we wouldnt - Scott and I wouldnt want you to think that we, top-down, are driving this with a - or that our division presidents are dictating it. Its being driven by the trends that are out there and availability and the value categories that we can drive. And then, as I mentioned earlier, we are in a cycle where there are some more better brands, as well as some of those categories, and some of the apparel categories that happen to be higher ticket are all intersecting now and helping to drive these sales.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer: Great. Thanks for taking my question and let me add my congratulations on a solid quarter. Im wondering if you can give us a little color about your loyalty program. It feels like its been a nice catalyst for you in terms of supporting the traffic growth that you have. Are you able, at this point, to share any data that relates to the growth youve seen in the program or percent of sales that it accounts for?
Scott Goldenberg: We have really not been overly detailed, other than we have seen a growth in terms of our number of members. Our sales have been so strong that I would say its a similar type of percent of sales but strong growth based on - particularly, at Marmaxx - on the number of members that have been growing. But we feel real good about that and these are certainly our most loyal customers.
Ernie Herrman: And they are continuing, Roxanne, to show us that they help us better engage with the customers and encourage more frequent visits. And where we are getting more cross-shopping out of those customers. They will shop more of our brands. As well as we know that the customers who shop more of our brands, on average - so this is a side benefit - spend considerably more with us throughout the year. So, we cant give the number but we are growing the active member list, so to speak, and directionally, we will keep doing that in each brand where possible.
Scott Goldenberg: I think related to that is that we love our marketing campaigns as well for the fourth quarter. We are going to be on TV more than we have been in the past, right from throughout the quarter, and we also love the tri-branded holiday campaigns that we have, both in the United States and in Canada, and our marketing that we have in Europe, which falls under the headline of Ridiculous Possibilities with a campaign called Never-ending Stocking. So, we feel real good about the overall advertising campaigns. I dont know, Ernie, you want to add to that?
Ernie Herrman: We have - Yes, its kind of like loyalty should be looked at is in conjunction with driving in frequent customers, getting more visits out of frequent customers. Our spend, we have upped our spend in the back half, actually, and that was part of our third quarter success, was this more aspirational approach to our marketing. In addition, on the loyalty program, yes, we like to capture younger customers as well, but clearly our marketing, with our push on digital media especially, continues to be a driver, where our younger customers are a higher percent of our new customers that we have been opening up. So, marketing has been a key, key player over the third quarter and given the spend that we are going after here in the back half, its going to be an even more key player in the fourth quarter. So, we are pretty excited about our marketing campaigns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow.
Ike Boruchow: Hey. Let me add my congrats on the great quarter. Scott, just two quick ones for you. On the 2% wage hit next year, can you give us some detail around what that is including, whether its minimum wages in the U.S. or if its UK, Canada? Im just kind of curious. And then just on tariff exposure, just on things that have already been announced, can you kind of let us know the percent of merchandise that is maybe exposed? I know the home business is probably hit there. So, Im just kind of curious. And if there is any tariff impact that we should expect on the margins for next year?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, in terms of - I will start with the wage. In terms of Europe, a continued increase in the living wage increases, as they have been pretty consistent over the last year. So, that portion of it as it relates to the 2% headwind is pretty similar. Canada continues to have an increase, not as big an increase year-over-year because of the jump to $14.00 in Ontario this year, but still continued increases that we are seeing there. And the U.S. was driven primarily by the states - the larger states, like California, New York, Massachusetts, etc., that have a glide path. So, no real change there and its a pretty similar increase. I would say that we are starting to see some additional increases - some. Its not changing our overall number, in terms of as we address this market by market. And some pressure in our DCs, as we have to address when the competition - but, overall, similar impact in a similar dispersion among the divisions.
Ernie Herrman: Tariffs.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, tariffs.
Ernie Herrman: Its a little early - so, on the tariffs, its early. And so there is a little lack of clarity right now, including the potential impact on vendor and competitor pricing. This is where I would say our flexibility business model will help insulate us from the degree to which it could be, based on the families of business. So, right now, you look at a lot of home categories, could potentially get hit. And that would hit us there a little harder. We might get hit short-term. Obviously, our goal is to always remain focused on maintaining our value gap between our retail and the other retailers for the out-the-door retail to our shoppers. It could be a short-term curveball if other retailers dont adjust based on costs. Having said that, long-term, our business model would weather right through that and we would be able to compensate because we buy so close-in versus other retailers and we would be able to get to the appropriate gap on our retails versus the competition. So, that is clearly the mission that we would go after. I would tell you right now, its still a little vague as to what will be happening on some of the bigger moves that are being talked about.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. And to be clear on what Ernie said on short-term, medium-term, we think we have - what we have reflected in the fourth quarter, to the extent there is any impact, it is reflected in the numbers. And it would be more what could theoretically happen as we move through the first and second quarter next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simeon Siegel.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Ernie, do you have a view you could share on just the health of the full-price channel heading into holiday? And then could you follow up on a comment I think you made last quarter? You had made a comment about where we are in the cycle. I think you had said something along the lines of, at the top of cycles, brands get overly optimistic and that tends to lead to buying opportunities for you. So, any update there? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Simeon, so, first of all, health of the full-price retailers is just something - we kind of like to watch our business, be aware of what is going on everywhere else, but I hesitate to comment on - and broad-brush. The danger is if I made a statement about broad-brushing it, I think it - I dont know. I just dont feel comfortable telling you my opinion on the full-price sectors across the board. I think that would be tough. Having said that, the second part of your question is on the cycle out there with brands and what that could be yielding. I feel like there are more better brands out there and the vendor community, I think we mean a little bit more to the vendor community than we have in the past because we work in a lot of different ways with them. And the vendor community knows the challenging environment that is out there, Simeon, in terms of what is going on with some of their regular accounts. So, I think the vendor community looks to us as a means to keep a consistent core of business going. And I think that just allows our buyers to continue to open more vendors and maximize business with the brands that are happening, in terms of current trends. So, I think we are feeling pretty good about that. I think there is - overall, I would say this. I think this I would be comfortable talking about. Clearly, you look at some of the comps that are being released over the last week and a half and there is a traffic improvement, I would say, across the board. And that - I think what you were getting at is what I talked about last quarter. When you get those situations where retail picks up a little, the vendors will tend to get a little more aggressive on their advanced cutting of goods and placement of goods. So, even when retail is soft, they can cut back a little. So, its a little contrarian from what you would think. When retail gets strong, they will tend to be aggressive and cut more merchandise, which could lead - and Im talking higher ticket vendors, brands - that could lead to more excess inventory because they are more bullish based on the environment. So, its actually a good scenario for everybody involved and I think that is probably what you are talking about.
Operator: And we do have time for one final question. Our last question today is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro: Hey, guys. Fantastic quarter. So, Ernie, this might shock you. Im not going to ask about product. And Im not going to ask you if there is available inventory because I know there is a lot out there. But Im curious about available real estate inventory and Im curious what you guys are seeing. You touched on that there is plenty of inventory available here and in Europe. But, I guess, are you finding that inventory available in malls where they are looking for you to anchor malls? Is it in downtowns? Is it in strip centers? And if you can talk a little bit about the complexion of those centers, are they healthy and are these your first-choice type of centers?
Ernie Herrman: Its interesting that you are bringing that up because - so, our group executive here, who is over our real estate area, we just had a meeting. Half of our meeting was about this yesterday. And so, first of all, lets start with the malls are not the place that we are still - that is not where we want to be. We still want to be more in lifestyle centers and strip centers or different types of metropolitan locations that are kind of off the beaten path or are foot traffic oriented. So, the traditional malls are - even though some of those sites will come up and we will take advantage of some of those, by the way, which we have. Its not necessarily a mission, how about I put it that way. We are looking for what is the best site based on where we already have sites. And if it upgrades - we have been trying to do a fair amount of relocations also. So, to the first part of your question, Marni, the availability and opportunistic situation is very strong right now and we are taking advantage of it. We are just being careful on being too oriented toward a specific number on how many stores we want to open. We are going to stay pretty opportunistic. The environment is yielding a fair amount of real estate. So, Scott, you want to jump in?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I would say, just to reiterate, we have been able to fill our real estate open to buy pretty much as we planned for the last two years. As you know, we are already working - already past next year - and trying to be, I think as Ernie would say about buying, being choosy on what real estate we take. In terms of the malls, I think the only thing that would be slightly different in some locations is if something is being de-malled and made more to a large strip center, then we are certainly interested in that. But that is really not a mall. I think its an advantage, particularly in Europe, the environment right now, where we are certainly taking advantage of renegotiating where its not - where its just, percentage-wise, a more meaningful - as the environment, as we have called out, is not as robust in Europe in terms of the real estate, we have been able to get significant renegotiation in a lot of our leases as they come due. It certainly has helped offset some of the cost pressure.
Ernie Herrman: Bottom line, though, Marni, your question is - opportunistic availability of real estate is there, similar to merchandise.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you, Marni.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-08-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie Herrman - President and CEO Debra McConnell - Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - CFO
Analysts: Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Boss - JP Morgan Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Paul Lejuez - Citi Jamie Merriman - Bernstein Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Daniel Hofkin - William Blair
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, August 21, 2018. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Brad. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 4, 2018. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our second quarter results. Both our consolidated comp store sales growth of 6% and earnings per share of $1.17 significantly exceeded our expectations. We saw a sharp execution of our off-price fundamentals by many of our teams across the company, and comp store sales growth was strong at all of our divisions. Further, customer traffic was up for the 16th consecutive quarter at TJX and Marmaxx. Clearly, our terrific brands, eclectic merchandise mix and great values continue to resonate with consumers around the world.  We were especially pleased with the very robust performance of our apparel business. We're convinced that we are attracting new customers, driving more frequent visits to our stores and gaining market share. We are particularly pleased to see that we have been attracting new, younger customers at all divisions, which bodes well for the future. With our very strong second quarter results, we are raising our full year outlook, which Scott will detail in a moment. Looking ahead, the third quarter is off to a very strong start, and we have many opportunities and traffic-driving initiatives planned for the back half of the year. We are confident we will achieve our plans, and as always, we'll strive to surpass them. Before I begin, before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, our 6% consolidated comparable store sales increase was on top of last year's 3% increase and significantly above our expectations. To reiterate, our comp sales in fiscal '19 are compared to a shifted fiscal '18 calendar so that our comps are calculated on a like-for-like basis. Once again, customer traffic was up overall and was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at all divisions. As a reminder, our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce businesses. Second quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.17, excluding an $0.18 benefit from the 2017 Tax Act. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.99, a 16% increase over last year's $0.85. As expected, restructuring costs within our global IT function negatively impacted EPS growth by 3% and foreign currency benefited EPS growth by 3%. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 10.6%, down 10 basis points versus the prior year. Merchandise margin was down, but would have been significant, up significantly without the increased pressure from freight costs. Now to recap our second quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased an outstanding 7%, significantly exceeding our plans. Comp sales were driven by customer traffic, and average ticket was up again this quarter. We were particularly pleased with the consistency we saw across all geographic regions. Further, Marmaxx's apparel business was very strong. Segment profit margin was up 10 basis points. We have many initiative plans planned in the back half of the year that we believe will continue driving traffic and sales. HomeGoods comps grew 3% on top of last year's very strong 7% comp increase. Segment profit margin was down 150 basis points, primarily due to significantly higher freight costs, increased supply chain costs and expenses related to new store openings. We are investing in our distribution network to support our store growth over the last couple of years. Looking ahead, we feel great about the long-term opportunity to capture additional market share in the United States home fashions sector, with both our HomeGoods and HomeSense banners. TJX Canada second quarter comps grew a strong 6% over a 7% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 50 basis points, primarily due to the timing of transactional FX. Expense leverage on the strong comp offset most of Canada's significant wage pressure. We remain very pleased with the overall performance of our Canadian business. We have high awareness of our retail banners in Canada where we continue to attract very loyal customers. At TJX International, comps increased 4% in the second quarter. It was great to see comps accelerate vers the first quarter. Further, we were very pleased with our strong comp performance in the U.K. In Australia, sales continue to be excellent. Adjusted segment profit margin at TJX International, excluding foreign currency, was up 10 basis points. We are confident in our full year outlook for the division and our long-term growth opportunities. In Europe, we believe the gap in comp performance between us and many other major retailers has continued to widen, which underscores our confidence. I'll finish with our shareholder distributions. During the second quarter, we returned $844 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. We bought back $600 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.4 million shares and paid $244 million in dividends to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we have bought back $1 billion of TJX stock and paid $441 million in dividends. For the full year, we continue to anticipate buying back $2.5 billion to $3 billion of TJX stock. Now let me turn the call back to Ernie, and I will recap our third quarter and full year '19 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. With our very strong second quarter performance, what I want to underscore on this call is our confidence and our strong position for today and the future in an evolving retail landscape. First, in a consumer environment, where experiences are increasingly important, we have great confidence in the enduring appeal of our treasure hunt shopping experience. With the vast majority of overall retail sales still happening in brick-and-mortar locations and online retailers of all sizes starting to open physical stores, we are convinced that our 4 decades of experience operating stores and responding to consumer trends is a tremendous advantage. How is our shopping experience differentiated? We aim to inspire and excite our customers every time they shop us. We do this by bringing them curated, rapidly changing selections of great brands and great quality products sourced around the globe at amazing off-price values. It is important to understand that we are delivering excellent value on comparable merchandise versus full price brick-and-mortar and major online retailers. Further, we offer consumers the convenience of shopping multiple categories in a simple, easy-to-shop layout in thousands of locations that they may visit frequently. We have spent 4 decades building consumers' trust with our local and neighborhood stores. We also offer that instant gratification of being able to touch and feel the merchandise and take items home the very same day. Second, we are convinced we will continue to gain market share by growing our customer base around the world and driving more shopping visits. Our marketing strategies are multilayered, and we believe our marketing initiatives are continuing to attract new customers. We have strong plans in place for the second half of the year, and I am very pleased with the various campaigns each of our banners has lined up. We are engaging with customers more than ever. Our loyalty programs are driving more frequent visits, and we are clearly seeing more cross-shopping across our retail banners. We are pleased with the growth of these programs, and are convinced significant opportunity remains to keep growing them in the U.S., Canada and the UK. We are particularly pleased that we have been attracting a significant share of millennial and gen-z shoppers among our new customers at each of our divisions. Importantly, the majority of new customers at Marmaxx are the younger customers, which indeed bodes well -- very well for our future. We continue to see a meaningful opportunity to grow our retail banners around the world. We believe our long-term growth potential is 6100 stores in just our current countries with just our current chains. We target an extremely wide customer demographic, which also gives us great flexibility to open stores in urban, suburban and rural locations. We believe our e-commerce sites are also driving customer traffic to our stores. Although still a small piece of our overall business, we feel great about our differentiation strategies and the growth of both our U.S. and UK e-commerce sites. We continue to increase customer awareness of our online businesses through integrated marketing campaigns and in-store signage. I am also pleased with our overall online metrics, particularly those related to Click and Collect in the UK. The last point I'll emphasize about our confidence, as the retail landscape continues to evolve, is our leadership and flexibility. The most important factor is our opportunistic buying. Our discipline in maintaining inventory liquidity and remaining open to buy allows us to be nimble in the marketplace and maximize the best opportunities for hot categories and hot brands. Further, our vast vendor universe of more than 20,000 vendors afford us tremendous flexibility in sourcing merchandise around the globe. Our flexible store format allows us to respond quickly to changing consumer tastes and offer shoppers a mix of relevant, on-trend quality merchandise. Our inventory turns very rapidly, and the freshness and newness of merchandise encourages and excites consumers to visit our stores more frequently. We have a strong focus on innovation and are constantly testing new ideas within our 4,000-plus stores as well as our online channels. We will learn what does and does not work, and if an idea resonates with consumers, we have the flexibility to roll it out in a meaningful way. These tests have the potential to drive significant growth for us as we have seen throughout our history. We are laser-focused on driving the business today while planning for the future. We target a very wide customer demographic with our portfolio of retail banners across multiple countries and multiple categories, which gives us great flexibility with our growth plans. In an ever-changing retail environment and with the emergence of new types of retailers, we will never be complacent. In closing, we're extremely pleased with our second quarter performance and have many initiatives planned to continue driving sales and traffic in the back half of this year. The marketplace is loaded with quality branded merchandise, and we love the buying opportunities that we are seeing. We believe our great values and differentiated shopping experience continue to set us apart from most other major retailers and highlights the resiliency of our business. We are highly confident that we can gain market share as we continue to leverage our winning retail formula to grow around the world. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance, and then, we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. I'll begin with our full year fiscal '19 guidance. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '19 is a 52-week year compared to fiscal '18, which was a 53-week year. As we mentioned in our press release this morning, we are increasing our EPS guidance due to our strong second quarter performance. On a GAAP basis, we now expect fiscal '19 earnings per share to be in the range of $4.83 to $4.88. We're expecting a benefit of $0.73 to $0.74 due to items related to the 2017 Tax Act. Excluding this tax benefit, we're increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $4.10 to $4.14. This would be a 6% -- up 6% to 8% versus the adjusted $3.85 in fiscal '18. This EPS guidance now assumes consolidated sales in the $38.2 billion to $38.4 billion range, a 7% increase over the 53-week prior year. We're now assuming a 3% to 4% comp increase on a consolidated basis, as a result of our strong performance in the first half of the year. We expect pretax profit margin to be in the range of 10.7% to 10.8%, down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 11.2% in fiscal '18. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6% compared with the adjusted 28.8% last year. We're expecting SG&A, as a percent of sales, of approximately 17.7% versus the adjusted 17.5% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.9%, net interest expense of about $17 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $629 million. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we're now planning comp growth of 3% to 4% on sales of $23.5 billion to $23.6 billion, and are expecting average ticket to be flat to slightly up in the back half of the year. We now expect segment margin, profit margin in the range of 13.4% to 13.5%. At HomeGoods, we continue to expect comps to increase 2% to 3% and sales of $5.7 billion. We're planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 11.4% to 11.5%. For TJX Canada, we're now planning a comp increase of 3% to 4% on sales of $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion. Adjustment, adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 14.3% to 14.4%. At TJX International, we expect comp growth of 2% on sales of $5.2 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 5.2% to 5.3%. Moving on to Q3 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $1.18 to $1.20. Excluding an estimated benefit of $0.18 due to items related to the 2017 Tax Act, adjusted earnings per share would be in the range of $1 to $1.02 versus the prior year's $1 per share. This guidance assumes that foreign currency will negatively impact EPS growth by 4% and that wage increases will negatively impact growth by another 2%. We're modeling third quarter consolidated sales of approximately $9.5 billion. This guidance assumes a 2% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp sales, we're assuming a growth of 2% to 3% range on a consolidated basis and in the 3% to 4% range at Marmaxx. Third quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.7% to 10.8% range versus 11.6% the prior year.  We're anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% versus 29.8% last year. This gross margin estimate assumes a significant unfavorable year-over-year impact related to our inventory hedges. We're expecting SG&A, as a percent of sales, to be in the range of 18.1% to 18.2% versus 18.1% last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 26.5%, net interest expense of about $5 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $627 million. It's important to remember that our guidance for the third quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning into the third quarter. Now we're happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now we will open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today will come from Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti: Just on the model really quickly, would you mind helping us isolate the comment in the press release that there was some SG&A in the quarter related to the IT restructuring, just so that we can kind of think about that and how much SG&A in the quarter goes away next year.
Scott Goldenberg: It's approximately $0.02 or $0.03 due to the restructuring cost in the second quarter. Again, as we put in our original plans and as we guided to in the last quarter. So no variance to what we both originally guided and what we had put in our guidance for the quarter.
Michael Binetti: And I guess just one more small model question on freight. I know that was a concern and you were seeing some moving parts through the quarter. Any change to your outlook on freight pressure on margins for the year?
Scott Goldenberg: So we had largely on the last quarter call built in, I would say, the majority of the freight pressure. Although we did have some additional pressure in the second quarter versus our guidance primarily in the HomeGoods division, and we are seeing some additional pressure in the back half of the year. But I would say, we did include most of that when we did our last guidance. To get that out, it's on a full year. The incremental pressure, when you, when not including additional volume, it was worth approximately $0.07 on the year. And that was largely reflected in our previous guidance. That's reflected in our full year guidance at this point.
Michael Binetti: Okay. And I guess the more important and probably final question for you to answer is on the AUR, something you've spoken about a lot. This year, you said, I think flat to up very modestly. I would assume in a quarter, since you said most of it's transaction-driven, but you pointed to flat deposits through the rest of the year. I think that there is some implications for the P&L on that. Would you mind just talking to us a little bit about what's helping drive the AUR? And whether the leverage point on the comp changes through the year as you drive hopefully some positive AUR?
Ernie Herrman: So Michael, let me just jump in on some of the dynamics why it's moderating and heading slightly up, and then Scott can jump in on the second part. So as we talked about similarly to what drove it down with the mix of departments, et cetera, in it, again, it is not necessarily a top-down-driven strategy to actually bring it back the way it's coming back. And it's driven down at the merchandise manager buyer levels and category department levels and the mix within those departments and the brands in there is really what's helping us to moderate the average retail and bring it back. Also, it doesn't hurt that our apparel is, has been rather healthy over the last quarter as well, and as we look out, if that continues, that will be another tailwind to help us with the average ticket.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Michael, in terms of the breakeven and from a comp basis, we're not seeing, we're seeing it, first of all, it's at this point very close to what we originally planned. So I would say, there is no significant benefit or pressure due to the average retail versus what we originally planned. At the modest flat to slightly up, it doesn't really change the breakeven point at this point. If it was to go up a couple points, that would be a difference-maker.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on the Marmaxx merchandise margin. Was that positive in the quarter if you exclude the freight pressures?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So at Marmaxx, the merchandise margins would have been slightly up versus the LOI given the freight pressures, yes. But it is a bigger impact on our HomeGoods division than it was on our Marmaxx division. But yes, overall the merchandise margins would have been up for TJX if not for the incremental pressure we had just versus planned. So just taking the variance versus plan, we would've been slightly up. So we had, I think, maybe, Ernie, you could talk about it, what we -- we weren't able to obviously set off -- offset all of it, but as Ernie briefly mentioned, with the great availability, we had a strong mark on it, and that's certainly helping.
Ernie Herrman: So I would say, Lorraine, this was not an accident. I give the Marmaxx merchants a lot of credit. Amidst all of what was going on with the freight and in the environment, they were able to obviously buy the goods well and, at the same time, buy into the hot categories and drive the healthy comp, which they achieved in the third quarter. So obviously, our number 1 priority has been to gain market share and drive the top line. But that team has been excellent at executing their buys in a very profitable manner. So that's been really strong. And HomeGoods, I would also give some kudos to because they've been hit with a heavier freight challenge than -- by significantly than what Marmaxx is getting hit with. And so first of all, we've been seeing their sales get steadily better. They have a markup challenge there in terms of offsetting the freight, but they've been doing a nice job of trying to get at that as well, so.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Matthew Boss. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Great. Nice quarter then guys. 
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. 
Matthew Boss: Ernie, so you're clearly seeing an inflection in traffic at Marmaxx. I guess, do you believe this is your core consumer with a few extra dollars in their pocket? Is it better product on the shelves and execution? My guess it's probably a little bit of all. But I guess, as we look forward, can you also just elaborate on the very strong start that you cited for the third quarter? Any specific callouts by category?
Ernie Herrman: We thought -- Matthew, we thought somebody would read the very strong start. So I mean, I think, it all goes together when you look at Marmaxx's strong momentum that they have. I think, in the script, we were trying to -- and I think it's a great question you're asking, we're trying to get at the fact that we trade very broadly. So we have a core customer, yes, but if you look at -- and also in the script, I think, I mentioned a couple of times, we are gaining a greater percentage of our new customers are younger customers. So that has been as much as our core customers are perhaps shopping a little more frequently. We are gaining a younger customer and our new customer acquisition. So that has -- to me, is a super, super plus for not only now but for the future. And when we are going after this market share, and really, you're talking about the inflection of where we are for like Q3 as well. When you think about, in Q3, some of the younger-oriented departments that happen to make up some of that business, we're happy that we've been gaining a younger customer, and so we look at that as a long-term benefit. So we would have assumed, as you look at a very strong start quotation or just in general, how do we keep this momentum going? We don't want it to be just about our core existing customers. We want to trade broadly, capture new customers, capture younger customers, continue to do that. We've been doing that for the last 2 years, but I think we're setting this up for the future. That is really integral to what we plan on doing. So great question.
Scott Goldenberg: Michael, the only thing I'd add to what Ernie said on the new customers is that the majority -- it's all our divisions were getting over indexing in terms of the new customers, but at Marmaxx, actually, the majority of our new customers are coming in that 18 to 34 segment.
Matthew Boss: And then just a follow-up. Nice improvement in International comps this quarter. I guess, maybe could you just touch on some of the drivers, what you're seeing from a traffic perspective? And I guess longer term, how you think about the market share opportunity?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We will -- I'll say, and I think Scott has a couple of things to jump in with as well, we were thrilled -- we have been thrilled with the momentum, and when you say International, whether you talk Canada, if we talk Europe or if we talk about Australia, we are very happy with all 3 businesses. I think the biggest change from where we've been has been in our Europe business. If you look at that comp there, that is a big accelerator, especially versus the market. So if you look at what we are performing there, and we were already taking market share there, we have really kicked it up a notch. And I would say that really all goes to that team over there. They have put in place some really terrific marketing programs that have been super creative to help drive customers into the store, some really out-of-the-box things that over in the U.K. play very well.  They have executed the flow to the stores, I think, in a manner that is at a new level for that division. There -- you got to remember, over there, they are dealing with real estate situations. Tighter -- we have like a tighter backroom situation, smaller stores, different types of density, enabled with locations, and all of that sometimes creates operational challenges. So I would say, operationally, they have been really executing very well in the second quarter, and from a merchandise mix standpoint, loaded availability in Europe across some better brands that we haven't seen these type of quantities from in quite a while.  And Louis who was our division President over there and her team, I think, have been all over that. And they have really nurtured those relationships, so it's not just a short-term thing. And when we talk about growing new vendors, those guys have been relentless at opening new vendors in Europe, which, I think, will allow them the flexibility aspect, which -- if you guys walk away with nothing else on this call, I would like you to walk away with how important flexibility is in the TJX model and how that is probably the name of the game, which separates us from a lot of other brick-and-mortar retailers.  And I would say, in Europe, that is even to the nth degree because, over there, I think a lot of the retailers tend to be a little more preplanned, and right now, our T.K. Maxx division, I think, is operating in a very nimble, flexible manner.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think just to add 1 or 2 points to what Ernie said is that we've had -- our business continues to be good in Mainland Europe, whether it's Poland, Austria, Netherlands, Germany. The big change is really in U.K., and the difference is that up until this quarter, we've been seeing performance in London that in South London, where we have approximately 60 stores outperforming the rest of the U.K. And what we saw this quarter is pretty much uniform performance between London and outside, whether it's Wales, Scotland or the rest of the English countryside. So a very consistent performance and driven by a couple things, our conversion continues to be, it was good when we were seeing traffic on the high street down. And now we see the transactions going up significantly across-the-board. So I think it's the similar to Marmaxx, where we saw our consistency among geographies. This was a very flat or consistent quarter throughout all of the UK.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Trussell. Your line is open. 
Paul Trussell: I wanted to ask about the HomeGoods. Accelerated comps there despite a more difficult compare. If you can just touch on the assortment and inventory and outlook on HomeGoods. And then second, I just wanted to follow up on a question, I believe, Matt asked earlier around the strong traffic. You're discussing the millennial customer coming in mass to the stores. Just curious, if there, of your research or discussions with them, is telling you what the most, what they find to be the most attractive feature driving them to shop with you? Is it the price points, the shopping experience or the brands available? Just curious of how you would rank that and if it differs from other age groups?
Ernie Herrman: All right. Paul, let me, let's start with the HomeGoods question. So the outlook, yes, we were very pleased with the acceleration in the HomeGoods business in the second quarter. I mean a lot of it there, I think, had to do with their execution. Again, we can't say it enough that in TJX, we have found over the years, generally, that we, and it applies to HomeGoods or Marmaxx. Last year, when we had a couple of execution issues, or Europe 8 years ago, 10 years ago, whenever that was, generally, if we have a slowdown, it tends to be our own execution issues. Having said that, in the HomeGoods case, we're up against enormous comps.  So I think you said at the beginning when you asked this question, nice to see on top of a big comp that they're up against next year because they had a big comp in Q2 last year, I mean. And so that was a nice performance to see that kick against it. They, I think, had a market improvement in a number of the categories that weren't, I wouldn't say they were execution issues in the first quarter, but the flow in inventory, which, I think, we talked about back in the first quarter, we had an inconsistent flow at kind of not the best timing coming out of holiday into Q1. And so we got past that pretty quickly. Again, I go back to the flexibility of the business model. We're able to address problems rather fast and move forward and correct them, and we had that in first quarter, and I would say, one of the biggest reasons we accelerated in the second quarter is we got beyond that.  The stores were exceptionally fresh going into May and June, and we had some great fashion content. I think we were very happy with some of our seasonal categories and the way they looked, and there was a major treasure hunt. We were peaking in terms of our unpredictable treasure hunt, which Home business the best at, I think, by the middle of July. So that's really, I think, what helped us there. Millennial customers that you're asking about in terms of what they're going after, first of all, there's some information there we don't really give out in terms of specifically where they're buying or what they're buying from us. But I would say that we, they are buying some of the key categories and departments, and some of our growth areas certainly lend themselves to continuing to appeal to younger customers. Scott, I don't know if you wanted to add anything to that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think I'd just, to be, echo what Ernie said is that the flow issues were largely to blame. And as we move through the second quarter, what we had said that part of our markdowns that were higher than in the first quarter than the previous year were largely due to those flow issues, really, in the first part of the February, March time frame. And our clearance and full price sales were back to normal by the time we exited the second quarter. And hence, our markdown rate was pretty comparable to last year. So all, which went as we had guided.
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: Scott, could I just start with the gross margin? I'm wondering if you could unpack a little bit what looked to be kind of the key, the 3 key drivers. I think you said merchandise margin would have been up, you may have said significantly without the higher freight pressure. So is there a sort of any order of magnitude you could help us with on the merchandise margin improvement as compared to the freight cost? And then it seemed like the third moving part in there might have been inventory hedges. So I just wanted to see if you could kind of quantify those. And then Ernie, I wanted to give you a chance to expand on some of your comments around great availability in the market, and then, I think, you talked about the great mark-on that you're seeing, which would suggest terrific availability kind of broadly speaking. It's not always intuitive, I think, for investors when they see a generally rising-tide environment that you're still seeing fantastic availability. So I'm wondering if you could comment on that as well.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. I'll let Scott go first.
Scott Goldenberg: So in terms of the gross profit margin, which on a reported basis was up 40 basis points but last year, if you take the x out on an FX basis or take out the inventory hedge impact, we would have been flat. So let's just start with the flat. We would've been with the strong sales, we actually flowed 50 basis points better than our guidance on our gross profit. Again, largely, that was due to the [BNO beep] on the above planned comp. But going to a TYOY basis, our merchandise margins were say down slightly, it was, call it, in the 10 basis point range with a significant trade impact that impacted us let's just say by approximately 20 basis points. So we would have been significantly better and that 20 basis points is just versus plans obviously, the freight impact overall was slightly larger than that. So yes, we would have been up, we would have a strong merchandise margin increase if we didn't have all that significant freight pressure. So again, some of that as we talked about was offset by a strong mark-on versus plan. So not much more color to give than that. So I'd say the big thing I would say is that we were 50 basis points better than our guidance because most of this was reflected in except for some additional freight -- and that 50 basis points again, we thought that flow through was pretty good on the gross profit margin versus our plan.
Ernie Herrman: So Kimberly, on the availability, the healthy mark-on has that's been somewhat of byproduct. I would say some of this boils down to things we've talked about for quite a while. The cycle -- the way the cycle goes and to your point, what's counterintuitive is you might think when things are getting a little better, there could be less goods in the market but the same time, that it's getting better when the economy is getting better, retail is ticking up a notch. What you get there is the wholesalers getting more optimistic. So the pessimism goes down and they start cutting more goods. So I think that's the cycle that tends to happen. And so if you look out, we've been seeing it now, I would expect if that continues at the retail level to have a pretty healthy environment, you would see more goods continue to 6 months, 12 months down the road continue the cycle, which is why we said all the time just why this model of business is just the best -- it stays even, it stays with constant availability whether the economy is up or down. The other thing going on, and we talked about this before as well, is the e-com business. As is -- much as at the consumer level, it might be competition, it creates indirectly excess inventories. So the e-com retailers, it's still in an early stage here. It's a challenge for a lot of the e-com retailers to forecast their needs exactly.  Again, most of that product is goods that they have to buy in advance. So it literally yields a whole bucket of opportunity closeouts that we haven't seen to the degree that we see it today. And that applies to every market. That is not just a U.S. issue. That is UK, Europe, Australia, Canada, U.S., a fair amount of spill-off of closeout opportunities from the online businesses. And then lastly, we are -- as we continue to -- our buying team which has continued to grow, we have over 1,000 buyers, is in more locations to seek out deals throughout the world than ever before and we try to update every now and then. We went from about 18,000 vendors I think we used to say we were dealing with to 20,000. But we're continuing to open more than that. We're not giving a number but it's more avenues for more excess inventory. So availability again, in this quarter would be absolutely no different than the last couple where we are actually having to control our buyers from buying too much too soon. So I don't see based on the first 2 points I made that changing over the next 12 to 24 months because it's just the dynamic that's taking place. As the retail environment gets at notch healthier, I think it's going to create more optimism, which will create more merchandise.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open. 
Paul Lejuez: Hey guys. Can you remind us of the easy comparison that you have at Marmaxx in the third quarter with the down 1 comp? What was the driver of that from a traffic versus ticket perspective? And I'm curious about the categories that were weak in the third quarter last year, how have they been performing in the recent quarters? And then just a follow-up on the home category. Can you talk about the performance of HomeSense outside the U.S. and any reads on the new HomeSense stores in the U.S.? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Hi, Paul, so Scott has some comments for you [ph].
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I meant just briefly, our traffic was slightly up on a TJX basis last year. So one of the weaker quarters that we had and clearly, we had the hurricane impacts largely impacting Marmaxx and HomeGoods last year that were largely responsible for the comp at -- certainly at Marmaxx for the minus 1 comp that we had. But we, also as Ernie called out, at the end of the third quarter, last year, we had some executional issues across several departments and he is going to speak to that as well.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So first of all, Paul, we will not -- we can't, nor did we last year give what specifically those categories are but those were clearly, we had a weather dynamic certainly, which we kind of called out at the time that, that was a piece but the other piece was our own execution and really, 3 key areas and I believe you asked also just now how has the performance been since then? Well, we commented back in the first quarter that performance in those categories has gotten steadily stronger to the point that now Scott and I have looked at it because part of it they're up against tougher numbers but they're actually outpacing the Marmaxx chain over the last quarter. So it is...
Paul Lejuez: Was that true in 2Q, Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: I'm sorry?
Paul Lejuez: Was that true in 2Q as well?
Ernie Herrman: No. In 2Q, they were gaining on it and getting close to the -- I'm sorry, Q2, yes, Q1 they were getting close to the [indiscernible].
Scott Goldenberg: By the time we ended Q1, they were equal to slightly better.
Ernie Herrman: And in Q2, yes. Yes. So again, you're going to hear -- I will be like a broken record, it goes to the flexibility of the business model again, which is we were able, within our business model, when we identified the execution issues, which we talked about -- to your point Paul, was the third quarter last year really, right? And then we started on getting some traction by Q4, Q1, those areas were absolutely on track getting close to the chain average. And then in Q2, as Scott said, they were above the chain average.  So in our traditional retail, that would be a tough, probably take a little longer to get a turnaround like that. So I go back to the flexibility and the nimbleness and that shortened time frame that we buy goods and the way we aggressively markdown this, when they not like the goods, which is what happened in these cases. I think you also had a question on HomeSense. So about HomeSense or was it about home?
Paul Lejuez: HomeSense, the performance outside the U.S. but also an update on how the new stores are performing in U.S.?
Ernie Herrman: Oh. I would say all kind of where our expectations would be right now.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, HomeSense, very pleased with the comp performance and in the U.K. of HomeSense. So yes, good performance for the first 2 quarters. In terms of HomeSense, we -- we're absolutely not in a comp position but very pleased with -- at least with the sales and I think as importantly, pleased with the other large components that again, we just have very few stores open, but like what we're seeing in terms of the operational aspects of both payroll and certainly and more importantly in the continuation of an improvement in our merchandise margin. I'll let Ernie add.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think we have some work to do in HomeSense in Canada. We've been not as healthy there. So we, Doug Mizzi who is our Senior Executive Vice President as well as Robert Greening who is our new President up there, we have had some movement around. Business, overall by the way is healthy, it's just not up to the level that we would normally like to see our HomeSense Canada business at. Having said that, more recently, the trend has gotten better and so we're feeling much more bullish about it for the third quarter and fourth quarter coming up on the back half. Okay?
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Merriman. Your line is open. 
Jamie Merriman: My first question is about the UK in particular. I think you mentioned improvement in availability there and I was just wondering if you are seeing any, there's been some prominent receivership system in a department store. One department store there. If you're seeing any change recently either in the consumer or in terms of that availability? And then the second one was just the, can you just comment on the labor picture in the U.S.? I'm just wondering, a couple of quarters ago, you talked about you're not seeing any signs of labor shortages. Is that still how you feel about the market?
Scott Goldenberg: I'll talk about the wage pressure. So we're largely in the first half of the year, we had taken a market by market approach and we're largely on our plans thus far. We're starting to see some pressure in some markets on wage. So we have a little bit more wage built into the back half than originally guided. So that I would say is a change. In terms of, and obviously, that's market by market driven, sales differences, we're not seeing any sales differences. Attrition has been very good. So it's really just a market by market where we're adjusting where we need to be hot, it's becoming a bit more difficult to hire but no major changes. Just starting to see some pressure. We have some of that built into the back half.
Ernie Herrman: And Jamie, as far as the UK availability or maybe I think you're getting at is the demand shift or whatever at the retail level since some of the closures or, we have not felt that. So again, we were gaining market share consistently there even when we did not have a comp like, that division just delivered. So we've been pretty consistent and what Scott alluded to earlier. We're even a little healthier this go around. So for us, again, we're a little different than some of the other retailers that have been running into trouble there. We are so much more value and opportunistically driven that it sometimes won't line up. But certainly, the environment as much as we're seeing, we're feeling good about it. The environment there is absolutely, I don't know what you would call it, volatile. Volatile.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is open. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to see if I could follow up on the comments made around the apparel industry. On the apparel side category, seems like a pretty big inflection overall for the business this quarter. We'll see how it plays out in the coming quarters. But apparel hasn't been perhaps maybe the strongest category for you guys or for the overall kind of softline space the last few years. And maybe you can elaborate on what you're seeing there or how sustainable it is? And could this be something that's more multi-year in nature happening within the apparel dynamic?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Omar, we are pleasantly, I wouldn't say surprised, hopeful that it will continue but we were a little surprised that it did exceed our expectations in the quarter but it wasn't just this recent because if we go back to really in Marmaxx and in Winners and in TK, our apparel businesses have been pretty healthy. But for sure, here, it's been just getting stronger and stronger. And I first of all, I think a fair amount of, I'd say our branded mix is better than it has been in a long time in terms of the balance of brands that we have. You've heard us talk in the past about if our fashion is out of kilter, which we talked about last year when fashion was not healthy in terms of the way, our content of fashion. So we try to have a mix and not have a pendulum swing and that is in a very good place right now. And so when our merchandise mix of fashion is, of apparel, I mean, is balanced with fashion and basic goods and the right type of balance, we tend to perform well. There are some fashion lines, which we won't call out, that have been executed very well by our merchants, our buyers, our merchandise managers and that I think as we continue to go into third quarter where we had some misses in some of those areas. Remember, we are up against some of those execution misses last year, we think we're feeling pretty bullish that we should be able to run some good increases in those areas. Specifically, in those apparel areas. So it's a great question, on your part. We do think it's sustainable because some of it is we've got some more experienced buyers and management that have been in positions now a little bit longer, which is always a challenge when they're not. So we sometimes run into a little bit of a hiccup when we have a new team in place, especially in our apparel area. So we're pretty solid and don't have much movement over the next year in those areas, which I think will bode up well for our at least continued apparel there. And I really have been talking about Marmaxx, we have similar dynamics going on in Winners. If you look at our Canada division, they've been performing very well in apparel. And I would say similar dynamics there and in Europe as well. So it's good. Apparel can be an up-and-down type business but certainly right now, we seem to be in the sweet spot.
Operator: Our last question comes from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin: Just quickly thinking about the second quarter and especially Marmaxx, was there anything like advertising that you felt like helped drive this degree of comp strength above your expectations? And then thinking about the fact that you have an easier comparison in the third quarter, I know you guys are always trying to be conservative but is there anything that would cause comps to slow kind of on a 1 and 2 year basis aside from just conservatism. Anything unique in 2Q? And then I guess lastly, you talked about many kind of initiatives for the second half, anything that you could elaborate on there? Thanks very much.
Ernie Herrman: So Daniel, you're good at asking a lot of questions that we aren't allowed to answer. But good questions. The -- first of all, yes, marketing was integral I think in one of our -- there isn't one thing I think, we executed on numerous fronts but things that you would call the fundamentals of the business and certainly, our marketing team I think continued to get across the surprise and the messaging. If you look at our creative in the second quarter and it was very oriented towards like MaxxLife and MarshallsSurprise and, we really went after the treasure hunt messaging and education messaging, why should she shop us? And that has resonated well with consumers. We can't tell you the strategy on how we weighted the advertising or what vehicle. That is something we keep in house but we have done some shifting there, how we approach our media buys and I was thrilled with that as well. By the way we have similar approaches going on across all the divisions in terms of how we are approaching our media buys and the creative that we're using, which in most cases has been new. And we're finding pretty effective. Again, it's not any one component but yes, we think marketing was integral to the -- and will be to the second half of the year. As well as our spend in marketing is going to continue to be slightly up as the year moves on. Then we can refresh. What was the next question on the
Daniel Hofkin: Yes, the initiatives you just cited. Many initiatives. Any opportunities for the second half?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So the initiatives, those are the things we can't talk about. That's why -- but Scott was smiling. The initiatives we can't talk about are based off of things that we've tried though more close in. They're not like initiatives that we've been testing from like a year or 2 ago. They are things that in a Marmaxx or in a Winners, they would be testing like in the first quarter and second quarter. And tend to be in categories that we will now look to aggressively go after. So if you remember back in the script, again, I talked about the flexibility of our model allows us to ramp up very fast in a key category, which is certainly part of what's been driving our business over the last 6 months in a strong way. It is -- there are some of these initiatives in test that are panning out pretty well that we will be and we can't -- again, I apologize that we can't give you that information but that's what we'll be going after in the second half. So good question. And again, it's kind of how we operate. No different -- and we've done that for years that way. It's just, this time, I think we have a couple more categories up our sleeve so to speak. 
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. All right. So thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-05-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie Herrman - President and CEO Debra McConnell - Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - CFO
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Oliver Chen - Cowen Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Lejuez - Citi Adrienne Yih - Wolfe Research Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, May 22, 2018. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Brad. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 4, 2018. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX, is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in todays press release in the Investors section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am very pleased with our first quarter results. Both our consolidated comp store sales growth of 3% and adjusted earnings per share of $0.96 exceeded our expectations. I am particularly pleased with the 4% comp sales increase at Marmaxx and the strong performance across their apparel and home categories. I am also very pleased to say that we successfully addressed the third quarter execution issues that we discussed last year and they are now behind us. In the first quarter, customer traffic was once again the primary driver of our comp sales increases at all four of our divisions. Further, this quarter marks the 15th consecutive quarter of customer traffic increases for TJX and Marmaxx. We believe that this consistency in our customer traffic increases speaks to the strength of our underlying business, our ability to succeed through many types of economic and retail environments and our resiliency as online retail is growing. We are convinced that our outstanding values, great brands and treasure hunt shopping experience will allow us to continue gain market share around the world across our four major divisions. With our strong first quarter results, we are raising our outlook for our full year earnings, which Scott will detail in a moment. Looking ahead, the second quarter is off to a strong start and we see many opportunities to drive consumers to our retail banners. We see a marketplace that is loaded with quality branded merchandise. Our management team is laser-focused on achieving our plans, and as always will strive to surpass them. We are confident that we can continue to grow TJX around the globe today and for the future. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. And good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, our 3% consolidated comparable store sales increase exceeded our expectations. To be clear, our comp sales in fiscal 19 are compared to a shifted fiscal 18 calendar, so that our comps are calculated on a like-for-like basis. Once again, customer traffic was up overall and the primary driver of our comp sales increases at each of our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp increase excludes the growth from our e-commerce businesses. First quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.13. Excluding a $0.17 benefit from the 2017 tax act, adjusted earnings per share were $0.96, a 17% increase over last years $0.82. Adjusted EPS was $0.09 above our plan, primarily due to better than expected operating results which benefited EPS by an estimated $0.05. In addition, we had another four penny benefit from the combination of our mark-to-market gains on our inventory hedges and share based compensation coming in above plan. Overall, foreign currency benefited EPS growth by approximately 3% versus our plan of 1%. As expected wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 2%. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 11%, up 30 basis points versus the prior year. This increase was due to several factors. These included expense savings, better flow through on a year-over-year sales improvement, a one-time lease buyout in Canada, and gains related to inventory hedges. These benefits were partially offset by higher supply chain costs, a decrease in merchandise margin and wage increases. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in transit and e-commerce inventories were up 6% on a constant currency basis, versus a 7% decrease last year. We feel very comfortable with our inventory liquidity as we enter the second quarter. We are well-positioned to capitalize on buying opportunities in a marketplace full of quality, fashionable branded merchandise. Now, to recap our first quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased a strong 4%, well above our plan. Comp sales were driven by customer traffic, and both our apparel and home categories performed well. Again, we are very pleased to move past last years execution issues. Further, Marmaxxs average ticket was slightly up and better than we planned. Segment profit margin increased 10 basis points, primarily due to better flow through on the 4% comp. We are very pleased with Marmaxxs strong start to the year and are excited about the initiatives we have planned to drive traffic and sales. HomeGoods comps grew 2% over last years 3% increase. While sales were softer at the beginning of the quarter, business picked up in March and April to levels similar to the last couple of quarters. Further, overall sales at our first few Homesense stores continued to exceed our expectations. Segment profit margin was down 200 basis points. This was primarily due to lower merchandise margin, largely as a result of increased markdowns earlier in the quarter, increased supply chain costs, and expenses related to new store openings. We feel great about the opportunity we see to grow HomeGoods and Homesense for the long term. TJX Canadas first quarter comps were 3% over a 3% last year. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up a 170 basis points, primarily due to a onetime gain related to lease buyout, which was contemplated in our plans. Canadas significant wage pressure was mostly offset by increase in merchandise margin which was up significantly primarily due to favorable transactional foreign exchange. Without the lease buyout benefit, adjusted segment profit margin was still up. We continue to be pleased with the overall performance with our Canadian business. At TJX International, comps increased 1% in the first quarter. In Europe, while we were pleased with the solid execution of our organization, we believe sales were negatively impacted by periods of very unseasonable weather early in the quarter. In Australia, sales continued to be very strong. Adjusted segment profit margin at TJX International excluding foreign currency was up 40 basis points, primarily due to operating leverage in Australia. Further, merchandise margin was up. In Europe, we remain confident that were gaining market share despite the challenging retail environment. Our European organization is capitalizing on the numerous opportunities in the vendor marketplace that the environment is presenting to us as we add more exciting brands and vendors to our sourcing universe. Ill finish with our shareholder distributions. During the first quarter, we bought back $400 million of TJX stock, retiring 4.9 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back $2.5 billion to $3 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 25% in April, marking the 22nd consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie. And I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal 19 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. I would like to reiterate the major reasons for our confidence in continuing to gain market share around the world. First and foremost, we are convinced that our excellent values, fashions and brands will continue to drive consumers to our stores. In todays evolving retail environment, with the growth of e-commerce in general, we are delivering excellent value on comparable merchandise versus both brick and mortar and online retailers. In fact, we believe the growth of online retail has heightened the visibility of our values for consumers, which is very positive for our business. Second, we are confident in the enduring appeal of the treasure hunt shopping experience we offer. We are convinced that the ability to touch and feel the merchandise and the inspiration that our shopping experience elicits, leads to instant gratification, all important factors for shoppers. Further, we offer a wide variety of branded items across multiple categories in a simple easy-to-shop layout. We also locate our stores in convenient, easy-to-access locations. Our flexible store format and rapidly changing assortments allow us to quickly react to changing consumer trends. This helps us ensure that our stores are fresh and there is always something to surprise and excite our customers. Third, while we continue to attract customers of all target age groups in all divisions, we are especially pleased that we have been disproportionately attracting new millennial and Gen Z customers. This bodes very well for the future of TJX. Next, we are laser-focused on driving customer traffic and comp sales. We have many initiatives planned to attract new consumers, encourage more frequent visits and drive cross-banner shopping. We are excited about our marketing plans which are moving towards a more continuous media strategy to support our business throughout the year. This includes more reach on television this year as well as a continued focus on digital platforms to ensure our retail banners show up wherever the consumer is looking. Further, we are emphasizing our loyalty programs across the U.S., Canada and the UK and are pleased with the strong growth and the number of customers joining our programs. We are focused on enhancing the shopping experience, improving customer satisfaction, and as always, innovating. We feel good about the continued growth of our e-commerce sites. While still a small piece of our business, we are happy to offer our customers the choice of when and where to shop us, and our marketing is helping to make them aware that they can shop us 24/7. Next, we see a tremendous opportunity to keep growing our global store base. Giving us confidence is our disciplined approach to real estate and decades of operational experience. Long-term, we see the potential to grow our four major divisions to a total of 6,100 stores with just our current change in our current countries alone. The last reason for our confidence is product availability. We are extremely confident that we will always have great -- access to great quality branded merchandise to support our growth plans. Availability of inventory continues to be terrific and we are thrilled with what we are seeing in the global marketplace from both existing and new vendors. Let me share with you some of what we do at TJX to make it attractive for vendors to do business with us. First, we aim to establish long-term, mutually beneficial relationships. Our buyers around the world constantly work with vendors to find additional ways to do business. Next, we have over 4,000 stores across nine countries in addition to our online sites, and we are still growing. In an environment where other retails are closing stores, we can offer vendors an excellent way to grow their business and access new markets. Further, we are very flexible on our dealings and offer vendors an efficient way to clear merchandise. We can purchase an extremely wide assortment of items, styles and sizes as well as quantities ranging from small to very large. Finally, we offer such great brands in our stores and see that vendors appreciate that their products will be mixed in with our other great brands. This is extremely desirable to them. Before I wrap up, I want to remind you that we are committed to reinvesting in our global business. While were expecting investment spending to be significant over the next few years, we believe we are making the right strategic investments to support our long-term growth plans. Further, in an environment where cost pressures continue to rise, we are using our off-price approach to look at long-term structural ways to reduce expenses. In closing, we feel great about our strong start to the year and our plans for the second quarter and back half of 2018. We are extremely focused on our near-term execution while simultaneously having our sight set on our long-term vision for TJX. The many strengths of our business give us enormous confidence. We believe that the depth and breadth of our off-price knowledge in the U.S. and internationally is unmatched and extremely difficult to replicate. We are confident that our relentless drive to bring consumers and exciting treasure hunt shopping experience both in-stores and online and an never changing mix of excellent brands at outstanding values will continue to be a winning strategy for us. Again, our management team is passionate about surpassing our goals. Now, Ill turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then well open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Ill begin with our full year fiscal 2019 guidance. For modeling purposes, Ill remind you that fiscal 2019 is a 52-week year compared to fiscal 2018, which was a 53-week year. As we mentioned in our press release this morning, we are increasing the high-end of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.02. Our full-year plan assumes that $0.07 of our $0.09 first quarter EPS beat will be offset by the following factors. First, were expecting a $0.03 negative impact due to a combination of factors. This is primarily due to significantly higher freight costs than we originally anticipated, partially offset by the stronger operational performance we now expect as weve seen our non-comps store results exceeding our plans. Second, we expect about $0.02 of the first quarter benefit from our inventory hedge gains to reverse throughout the remainder of the year. Lastly, we now expect the full year benefit from translational foreign exchange to come in $0.02 lower than we originally planned. I want to point out that we would have increased the high end of our EPS guidance further if not for the reduction of the expected translational FX benefit. On a GAAP basis, we expect fiscal 19 earnings per share to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.83. We now expect a benefit of $0.72 to $0.73 from items related to the 2017 tax act. This benefit is approximately $0.02 lower than our previous guidance as we continue to evaluate the impact from the 2017 tax act. Again, excluding this tax benefit, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance from $4.04 to $4.10. This would be a 5% to 6% increase versus the adjusted $3.85 in fiscal 18. Our guidance includes an assumption that wage increases will have a negative impact to EPS growth of about 2%. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $37.7 billion to $37.9 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the 53-week prior year. We are assuming a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis, similar to our plans for prior year. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.7% to 10.8%, down 40 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 11.2% in fiscal 18. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6% compared with the adjusted 28.8% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales in the range of 17.7% to 17.8% versus the adjusted 17.5% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.2%, net interest expense of $23 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 624 million. Now, to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are continuing to plan comp growth of 1% to 2%. We are now planning sales of $22.9 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.2% to 13.3%. At HomeGoods, we continue to expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $5.7 billion. We are planning segment profit margin to be in the range of 11.6% to 11.8%. For Canada, we continue to plan a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of $3.9 billion. The reduced total sales expectation is entirely due to translational FX. We are now assuming a lower Canadian dollar rate for the remainder of the year, which may cause transactional FX to negatively impact segment margin. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 14.6% to 14.8%. At TJX International, we continue to expect comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $5.3 billion to $5.4 billion. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, is expected to be in the range of 5.1% to 5.3%. Moving on to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $1.02 to $1.04. Excluding an estimated benefit of $0.15 from items related to tax reform, adjusted earnings per share would be in the range of $0.87 to $0.89 versus the prior years $0.85 per share. This guidance assumes that restructuring costs within our global IT department will negatively impact EPS growth by 3% to 4% and wage increases will negatively impact EPS growth by another 2%. Were also anticipating that foreign currency will benefit EPS growth by 4%. As we noted in the press release this morning, these IT restructuring costs were contemplated in our original plans. So, to be clear, these restructuring costs have no incremental negative impact to our expected fiscal 2019 EPS growth versus our original guidance. Were modeling second quarter consolidated sales of approximately $9 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% benefit to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, were assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Second quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 9.7% to 9.9% range versus 10.7% for the prior year. Were anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.3% to $28.4% versus 28.5% last year. Were expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 18.5% versus 17.8% last year. The expected increase in SG&A is primarily due to the restructuring costs, which again were contemplated in our original plan. For modeling purposes, were currently anticipating a tax rate of 26.6%, net interest expense of about $5 million, and a weighted average share count of approximately 629 million. It is important to remember that our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, were happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, were going to ask you that please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Wonderful. Thank you so much. Good morning and congratulations on a really excellent first quarter. Scott, I wanted to ask about your commentary with regard to your global IT. I think, you said reorganizational restructuring. I know, youve been in process for a number of years now on improving the whole technology infrastructure. Can you just talk to us about the progress on that, the expected benefits, and the need to do this reorganization, just whats driving that? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, its Ernie. Ill jump in here for Scott. Really, this boils down to -- and by the way, this is certainly always a difficult thing to do for a number of reasons, but it boils down to positioning us for the future in terms of the IT area. And for our growth plans, we really dont give out the specifics of what the benefits going to be. But, it is something, as Scott had said that we had in our plans contemplated already and felt it was necessary to take us into the next few years of the growth rates that we plan on achieving.
Kimberly Greenberger: Ernie, can I just ask a follow-up on your commentary during the prepared remarks with regard to inventory availability? It seems very clear to us having followed the Company here for almost 20 years that that is never really an issue for you. But, we are still hearing sort of resurgent concerns out there, given the inventory position, it looks like you are able to find every bit as much inventory as youd like to buy. But I thought Id just give you a forum to opine on the availability of the inventory and the quality of goods youre seeing. Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, so first of all, I know you go way back with us for years and years. So, I actually appreciate you asking this question because youve seen the ups and downs in terms of what the market talks about on that front. And there has been times in the years past, although I cant remember in the recent years, certainly not for the last five or six. Right now, there is an unusual degree of supply across all, I would call it, tiers of vendors and goods quality and brand level. So we are talking probably in general more better brands. And we hear by the way -- we get asked all the time, we hear all the dialogue thats happening in the industry about vendors and manufacturers cutting back. Its just nothing in our pipeline or with regard to our buyers, what they are experiencing reflects any of that dialogue. Its been the complete opposite. And my team has never had it more challenging I would say to be selective on how much we buy how quickly. Its been that plentiful out there, I would say. And the interesting thing is usually it varies more by -- well, it always varies by category, the degrees to the availability. But right now, it seems to be in most every category across most every tier or brand. So its a little puzzling to the degree. And then I here quote, I am glad you brought the question because we have the same question. So what you are hearing out there is exactly what we hear being at, its just not based on what we are experiencing in any way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Hey. Thanks for the insight on inventory availability, Ernie. Scott, I wanted to ask you to maybe dive in a little bit deeper on the rising freight costs. You obviously have been dealing with payroll over the last few years. We are watching commodities and energy prices go up. Amazon is raising its prime membership fee. We are seeing rise in kind of transportation and freight costs across the industry. How are you guys thinking about this tactically over the next or two? And then, does it eventually evolve into a situation where kind of entire industry needs to elevate prices to accommodate the higher expenses to deliver goods to consumers?
Scott Goldenberg: So, let me just take you through, I think Ernie will comment a little bit about how that -- about the retails and that. I think, we had built in just a -- may be give you a little more color on some of the rising freight costs but obviously we have built increase into our year. At this point obviously it was not as much as we had anticipated. The largest impact to this is due to the strengthening of the government regulation that allows -- that monitors drivers, the kind of wheel. As a result of that we are seeing higher rate increases that more than we had anticipated, we had say mid single-digit increases and they are several points higher than we had anticipated. And its obviously impacting our cost related to how we do our logistics network. Were also seeing higher fuel surcharges, as rates have gone up significantly over the last couple of weeks on fuel, and to a lesser extent higher volumes as both -- they really more relate to the rest of the year as we build in some additional sales into our forecast into the last nine months, primarily at Marmaxx. Finally, just to be clear, spot rates where you may have read our -- which are considerably higher is not a major us to for the vast majority of what we do or through contracted rates for our shipping. So, just to give you a little more color on the cost there.
Omar Saad: And so, as a follow-up, do you guys see, anticipate an opportunity or response in terms of pricing as the company and other retailers presumably are synthesizing similar cost increases?
Ernie Herrman: So, were trying to follow it closely. So, when it comes to retails, first of all, just so you know how we would operate and youve know us for a while as well. We would follow the leader, so to speak and we would adjust to make sure our out the door retail gives the appropriate savings relative to the out the door retail of other retail. So, your question of course is, will they start to increase their prices, and then by definition, could we go up. The only thing is right now, its a little -- there is not enough specifics out of the box on the news as to how much the other retails are affected. We might -- our model of business with the way we are shipping our frequency of delivery is perhaps our freight impact might be slightly, not meaningful but slightly increased versus some of the other retailers. So, were right now and when weve been monitoring it, a little on clear as to -- based on certain other retailers how big it is. Although it is being called out in fair amount of the releases. We just are trying to get a handle on it. And certainly nothing would happen right away. My long-winded answer is it could happen, to your point, if it continued to go that way. I dont know, also, given all of the dynamics, Scott talked about if that continues to get actually worse in that situation that freight could up even more, I think that does lead to something you were just hinting at where retails do get moved up a notch. So, well way to see. But, we are very sensitive to what you just asked about. So, a very good question.
Omar Saad: Got it, Ernie. Great job. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen. Your line is open.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thank you. On the Marmaxx side, the ticket being up was encouraging and different from prior trends. Could you just help us understand whats happening there in terms of what youre thinking about categories? And a bigger picture question was around strategy and M&A. One of the markets that weve been following closely is resale and resale disruptors. What are your thoughts about that business and opportunity as it gets more mainstream and as millennials and new generations continue to be interested in different ways to drive value driven experience. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: So, Oliver, Im going to let Scott take the average ticket one and then Ill take the second one.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of strategies, we do not go into the exact details of what we are doing, other than some of this Ill just go, Ernie said a bit, is that were seeing more -- a better mix, more best brands. So, thats certainly a piece of it. The other piece indirectly is as you get a healthy mix of -- as both your parallel does well, that certainly helps, but I am not going to go into the specific categories that may have helped within that. I would say that one of the changes also for the second quarter is we have the retail plan flat at this point, I am talking at Marmaxx. So that is slightly better than we had anticipated with the back half retails planned slightly flat to slightly up. So again, we see less pressure there obviously for the first time in years and that we have -- so for the last couple of years, youve heard us talk about retail decreases at Marmaxx. So, this is a big change.
Ernie Herrman: And Oliver, I will just jump in with something else there, as Scott mentioned it at the beginning, as far as the mix of departments and the way that has brought some back. So, just like in the beginning where we -- this was not a top down strategy and it was really down at merchandise managerial level, category level driving it and you mentioned categories in your question. So whats happening and Scott was just trying to give a little more color here, some of the categories that are trending now are helping us with the -- its going the other way. And again, bottom up, not anything we are generating. I guess, I want you to understand the same way it got -- the ticket was driven down from not a top down approach. Its also coming back also from that level from a merchandise managers and the buyer level and the GMM. So, its a good -- its a nice thing to see because generally when you see that happening just like it took us longer than we thought, it would moderate, it usually goes on to this cycle. So, hopefully, we will keep seeing the trend in those categories continuing, keep helping our ticket. On the retail market question, I think, I would tell you, when you asked about is that something down the road we would find appealing, or do we think there is likes to that or expandability to that if it goes more main stream I think you were asking. We actually do believe its interesting. Its not at the level now where its big enough to be something that we would probably entertain that strongly. However, we look at everything and we are intrigued, A, by the sites we see it on. We are intrigued by the business thats not dissimilar to what we do. There is real value and its probably branded. I like that retail market carries a lot of great designer, branded product which really is up a rally in terms of content and fashion and certainly the price that they are selling it at. So, obviously, we wont commit anything on this conference call. We will just say its very intrigue. Good question.
Oliver Chen: Okay, thanks. And just a quick on the distribution centers in terms of supply chain, as you continue to really look at great opportunities in non-apparel. Are there things we should think about on a longer term basis? Because you have done a really good job entering categories which have very different dynamics in terms of handling and also differentiation with the pack sizes. So, what should happen there, just because it isnt very easy to move around such, the home product et cetera?
Ernie Herrman: Are you asking us about the ability to process goods more efficiently? Maybe
Oliver Chen: And also the future of the DCs and how that might reorientate just in the nature of the non-apparel mix and that growing over time?
Ernie Herrman: So, I mean, we have expanded our home area processing DCs. I think thats part of where youre getting, in terms of the new processes that were taking a look at to put that we can externally talk about that. But, were looking at always ways to increase our efficiency out of the DCs in the home area specifically. Because as you mentioned it is one of our least efficient categories for processing. However, obviously an enormous sales opportunity as we move forward. So, I dont know, I guess Scott, do you have 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think, the only thing I would say is that I think it goes back to one of the things where we said earlier in our prepared remarks that its a key differentiator as we do 30% plus of our business in home. And we think we are pretty efficient in the way we handle that bulky, difficult items to ship and I think thats something that we do very well. And certainly with the growth of HomeGoods, weve been adding supply chain capacity to do that. And I think we do it very efficiently. Just to Ernies point of view, its obviously a slightly more expensive model to do. But, I think again, I think the big key differentiator is that were able to get all these items and do it in these -- with thousands of different of skews and do it very efficiently, compared to I think others that probably dont do the same level of volume and have been doing it for a long.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could comment a little further on HomeGoods, what the challenges were early in the quarter. And then, do you feel that youre back on track to put up positive merchandise margins for the remainder of the year at HomeGoods specifically?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Ill just take it and Ernie will jump in. I think, as it relates to the merchandise margin, what -- we called that at end of -- on our year-end call that we did expect some markdown pressure in the first quarter, primarily due to some of the what we call the flow issues that we had as we move through the end of the year. I think, it lasted a bit longer than we would have anticipated and it clearly had an impact, both on our markdowns and our sales at the beginning of the quarter. But, I think as we indicated, the sales trends picked up to what we were seeing for the majority of last year. So, again, as we move through the quarter, the clearance and everything else was, as we move to middle of the quarter March and April was back to normal letters -- normal levels with a normal level of fresh flow. So, we would expect our -- at least the markdown component of that to be pretty normalize as we move through the rest of the year.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I will jump in Lorraine also in terms of the topline and the sales. It was a bit of a double-edged sword. As we came out of January, we ended up fourth quarter with the flow disruption that we had talked about a while ago. And as Scott said that impacted our markdowns in January and February and of course our sales as well. But to highlight a little bit more, our transactions for the quarter actually accelerated during the first quarter, as we moved through. So, from February to March to April, they got better each month. So, again, we were unfortunately kind of prepared based on the flow situation that we would start out of the gate a little slow, but we were encouraged at the end of the quarter. One other dynamic Id like you to be aware of just going forward there, and its something -- its easy to forget, we were opportunistic in our real estate over the last couple of years. And so, just like anything we do -- and this is one reason our store count and new store openings at HomeGoods we had accelerated because we found very advantageous real estate deals in numerous pockets throughout the country. So, ironically, the last 15 months, we had opened -- prior to that quarter, we had opened 115 HomeGoods stores on a relatively small base. So that was, as you can imagine, with about a 20% growth of new stores, we were probably experiencing a tick more transfer sales coming out of our comp. And that is something that Scott and I have looked at actually going forward over the next couple of quarters. Anyway that probably ticks up a little bit further because again we have a lot more new store growth. So, if you guys take a look at our top-line growth in HomeGoods this year versus last year, its even greater because of so many of the new stores. So, the comp for the reasons we talked about was a little under where we would normally like it, but our top-line is in a good place, I guess, so to speak. So, just like you to keep that in mind as we look at a little bit more cannibalization over the next couple of quarters. Still the right thing to do that though. We are very happy, very happy with where positioned in HomeGoods. And throughout that we have all these stores because couple of years down the line, it will bode us very good income on these stores. So, great question, Lorraine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Ernie, that last point you made is actually going to be my question. I was curious, if there was any quantification of the stores, the HomeGoods stores that if you look at comps of the stores impacted by new store opening versus those that are not impacted, if you could share with us what the difference might be there? And then, also sticking with the home theme, the early reads on Homesense and the performance of HomeGoods stores nearby and anything that you are seeing there from a category perspective that might impact your thinking on HomeGoods? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Paul, I will let Scott deal.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I will just -- again, I think its just reiterating what Ernie said. Its a bit more cannibalization. But, I dont think -- theres not a large difference. I mean, it would be a difference in a store that got cannibalized versus a non-impacted store but overall versus the prior year, its a bit more. So, I dont think theres any -- I think, the point Ernie was trying to make in terms of when you have so many stores that are opening, what we still have not seen is pretty consistent among all the divisions is once you start getting into the first, second, third year of your comp -- of the age of the stores, those stores comp more. So, we should in the future, starting next year, start seeing a benefit to that as we will have couple of hundred stores that will be two years or less that are now just entering the -- as they start to enter the comp status. In terms of -- the one other thing Id mention going back to the last call with question with Lorraine is, although most of the -- in terms of the merchandise margin, basically, all of the shortfall is due to markdowns. And I think this is across many of our divisions we are seeing strong mark-on. And the mark-on essentially offset most of our freight pressure, at least at HomeGoods for the last quarter. So just wanted to get that out.
Ernie Herrman: And then, on Homesense, we look at this constantly. Their top -- their sales continued to outperform at the Homesense stores. And our nearby -- we are pleasantly surprise with the nearby HomeGoods stores are experiencing less transfer than planned. So, we are right now winning on both fronts. And really, the driver of that is -- and I think you were asking about certain categories et cetera. Well, the categories have been so differentiated that -- which is why even initially we pulled out soft home from Homesense to even accelerate the differentiation, which stores are so differentiated thats why we think the cannibalization from nearby HomeGoods has been reduced beyond the plan. But were just so pleased with the Homesense top-line performance relative to the pro formas on the each new store. Its just been better than we expected.
Paul Lejuez: Great. Can you just touch on Home versus apparel in Canada and Europe?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Home has been performing -- we wont give you the numbers, but its been performing -- put it this way, healthy in both. Hows that?
Paul Lejuez: Outperforming apparel though?
Ernie Herrman: We will not -- we dont want to give that right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Adrienne Yih Your line is open.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. Congratulations on the great start to the year. 
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Adrienne Yih: Youre welcome. Ernie, I wanted to follow up on the inventory supply sources. Is there inventory growth thats coming from pure play e-commerce brands? And then, Scott, can you talk about the e-commerce strategy, the percent it is today, how aggressively you want to build that? Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Hey, Adrienne. So, addressing your first question, I dont know if you caught in the script, the prewritten script that A, the online players and that would apply to the vertical as well as non, it creates an umbrella of value for us in terms of compare at value. So, thats been a side benefit of the online business. But secondly, the availability from whether they are vertical or not vertical, weve been able to buy goods from both of those markets and type of situations. And prediction is that will continue to grow actually. So, if you look at, we all believe that the online vertical retailers and omnichannel, et cetera are all going to continue to expand over the next few years. I cant see any reason why availability of merchandise -- because those businesses by the way are harder to predict and harder for those merchants, as you know, to flow the appropriate amount, quantity of goods up from what theyre going to sell on the sites. So, I think its a harder challenge for them. And what weve seen is they enjoy the benefit of knowing they can come to us and those goods, which are visible online, will get very dispersed into a treasure hunt format with other strong brands, which also we mentioned in the script in the terms of theyre really appreciating the fact that they hang with other strong brands in a T.J. Maxx and a Marshalls. So, we see this as not only is it something, yes, were already doing, but we see it as a growing opportunity.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Very helpful.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the e-commerce -- Ill let Ernie talk a little bit about the strategy going forward. In terms of what were seeing, certainly at tjmaxx.com and our tkmaxx.com business, weve seen very strong increases in the first quarter. We also like a lot of the metrics around what were seeing, the awareness of both those sites is up; the customer satisfaction scores are up. In the UK, particularly pleased with the percent that weve grown in the business. Our sales in terms of a percentage of the business in the UK is up almost 200 basis points in the quarter versus the prior year, so some pretty significant growth; have a few advantages there that we do click and collect in virtually all our stores in the UK and about 40% of the online business is done through click and collect. So, a nice advantage that we have there. So, real pleased with the results. In terms of growing it, I think were growing it -- I think were going -- hope to see similar rates of growth. Its still a small part of the business, but certainly we like what were seeing in terms of the incremental visits were getting. We believe that -- and due to the nature, we also get returns back to the store. I think, we view it as certainly adding positive business to TJX overall.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. Ernie, is it fair to think about the execution issues that both HomeGoods and Marmaxx is now fully in the rearview mirror and any key learnings or maybe guardrails that youve now put in place to reduce the likelihood of reoccurrence?
Ernie Herrman: Matthew, good question. Yes. On the Marmaxx, execution issues are in the rearview mirror. We put guardrail -- we traditionally have the guardrails in. And what happens is this isnt -- how do I put this? It isnt a totally structured, rigid business that were in. Right? Its a little gray. So, if you remember, the Marmaxx issues were more fashion-oriented issues. And when you have fashion-oriented issues, its dealing with a bit of a subjective taste and balance to the look of the goods that youre buying and to what degree you have that amount of goods. And so, certainly -- the likelihood of it happening is less. And its impossible to put up firm guardrails. Does that make sense, Matthew? But the good news is, in our model of business, as you could see, we were very able to quickly, as we have over all the years, quickly identify and fix and really minimize the impact of any of those missed execution issues. So that -- Im just being conservative on my answer because I would tell you, yes, we put guardrails, we spent a lot of time re-strategizing those areas and put things in place that would help to minimize the likelihood. Its just -- I know from past experience something can always happen, especially if it involves a qualitative aspect or a bit of an art form part of the business, then it is a little tougher. But, we do pride ourselves on our past on our ability to quickly fix and recover from any type of execution issue that we have. And that I think, weve had years of proof in the pudding. Great question.
Matthew Boss: Got it. And then, Scott, this years current guide at tax reform I think now calls for 5% to 6% bottom line growth. If we were to look through some of the more transitory items, I guess, can you talk to some of the margin efficiency initiatives as we look forward and just maybe how to think about the earnings profile in the years ahead?
Scott Goldenberg: Nothing really new to add there. We will -- were not going to really talk about what we could be doing at this point. But, I think what we said on the earlier -- when we said on the year-end call that our plan at the moment is to continue to tick up the EPS growth and no real change to that. Obviously, that implies both a healthy merchandise margin and very strong expense control.
Operator: And the final question for today comes from Marni Shapiro. Your line is open.
Marni Shapiro: I hope you left me for last because youre closing with the best.
Ernie Herrman: Thats very good, Marni.
Marni Shapiro: I just wanted to follow up on a couple of things that over the years youve put into work and we havent -- weve focused so much on a strategy miss here, technology here, foreign exchange. If you could just maybe bring us up to speed on things like is THE RUNWAY still rolling out? Are you bringing -- is it international and what about the CUBE? Youve talked about the shoe departments at Marmaxx and the beauty departments in general. And all of it sort have taken a back seat to whats been pressing. But, are all of these things still in the works? And are they in the works internationally? Like, are you putting them into Australia, for example?
Ernie Herrman: Okay. So, lets deal with the first couple. So, its good, Marni, because that was like a
Marni Shapiro: Ten part?
Ernie Herrman: Its one question but its with five mini parts. On THE RUNWAY, weve added, and youve been watching us for years -- weve added RUNWAY stores little by little and you probably havent heard an update. And thats something that Scott could even circle back to you on. But, yes, we have been adding THE RUNWAY stores. And now some clarity -- and by the way, we love what weve been doing there. Its obviously we put THE RUNWAY in certain stores and we do it. We want to be careful that we dont do it in the wrong stores, or rob some of our other RUNWAY stores for a new store that may not be the appropriate RUNWAY store, if that makes any sense. But clarify to me your question on shoes? What on shoes youre asking?
Marni Shapiro: There was a push for an extended expanded shoe department at Marshalls at one point. And you guys rolled it out into a whole bunch stores. And then, again, like all these little sub-segments, you went a little radio silent on it. And I didnt know where that stood.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We just dont -- the shoe -- the expanded shoe format has gone into all of our Marshalls stores. And I think, we went radio silent because it became ingrained in the business. It is actually a key differentiator for us between T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. We have expanded it into Canada when we opened Marshalls in Canada. We have not done that over in the UK because we have to deal with each business separately. So, when you go over to the UK, they dont have the amount of real estate square footage of space. So, we are stuck with the rack situation there. So that -- albeit we have upgraded those racks, but its still more rack. So, its more like T.J. Maxx. But we did expand. So every new Marshalls you see to this day has that expanded footwear area in it. Then, the other -- what was the other category?
Marni Shapiro: Beauty and personal care which you guys have been growing pretty significantly across, for sure in T.J. Maxx. What does that department look like today and what are your thoughts there? Its been a very -- obviously a very hot category, but its also had a lot of puts and takes in the last 6 to 12 months Id say.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. We cant give specifics on category. I would tell you that as you could see from in the store, yes, weve taken a pretty good position in it. But, we dont -- we cant give you future -- we dont like to give out future department strategy in terms of what were thinking if expanding or not, until its a little bit more in the rearview mirror, so to speak. And we cannot give out some of the secret sauce, so.
Marni Shapiro: Yes, yes. Fair enough. Best of luck with the summer.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Marni. Same to you. I think, was that our last caller?
Operator: Yes.
Ernie Herrman: At this point, I would really like to thank all of you for joining us today. And I look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc. Debra McConnell - The TJX Cos., Inc. Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC Lorraine Corrine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrll Lynch Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, February 28, 2018. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Brandon. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 28, 2017. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX, is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. We have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in today's press release in the Investors section of our website, TJX.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, TJX.com in the Investors section. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am very pleased with our strong finish to 2017. Consolidated comp store sales in the fourth quarter grew 4%, above our plan and over a 3% increase last year. In addition, each of our four major divisions posted comp growth of 3% or higher in the fourth quarter. We also saw strength in both our apparel and home businesses. Once again, customer traffic was up overall, and it was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at each of our four major divisions. Our great brands, differentiated merchandise mix and excellent values continue to resonate with consumers across all of our geographies. Adjusted earnings per share were also above our expectations. For the full year, net sales increased 8% to over $35 billion. As pleased as we are about achieving this important milestone for our company, we still see plenty of opportunities to continue our global growth. Consolidated comp store sales were up 2% over last year's strong 5% growth. The year 2017 marks the 22nd consecutive year of comp sales growth for TJX. We believe our long track record of consistent growth speaks to the power of our flexible business model, our decades of off-price experience and the collective knowledge across our highly-integrated global organization. We are convinced that we continued to grow our market share again in 2017 in an uncertain retail environment. Comp sales and customer traffic increased at each of our four major divisions. And for the full year, adjusted earnings per share were also above our plan. Looking ahead, 2018 is off to a solid start, and we see a long runway for continued successful growth ahead. We see plentiful opportunities in the marketplace for major brands and high-quality merchandise. In addition, we are pursuing numerous initiatives to keep driving sales and customer traffic. We are confident that we have the right strategies in place to grow TJX for today, and the future, around the globe. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and full year numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Again, fourth quarter consolidated comp store sales on a 13-week basis grew a strong 4%, which was over a 3% increase last year and above our plan. We are very pleased with our customer traffic increases across our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp store sales exclude the growth from e-commerce. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.37. As we detailed in today's press release, fourth quarter EPS includes a $0.17 net benefit from tax reform, a benefit of approximately $0.11 from the extra week in the fourth quarter and a $0.10 Sierra Trading Post impairment charge. Ernie will talk more about STP in a moment. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings per share were $1.19, above our plan and a 16% increase over last year's $1.03. The combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange benefited EPS growth by 2% and the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation benefited EPS by another 1%. As expected, wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 1%. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 4% on a constant currency basis versus a 4% decrease in the prior year. We begin fiscal 2019 well-positioned to flow fresh spring fashions to our stores. Now, to recap our fourth quarter performance by division, Marmaxx comps increased 3%, over a 3% increase last year and were driven by customer traffic. As we expected, average ticket decreased, but moderated versus the third quarter. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding the Sierra Trading Post impairment charge, decreased 10 basis points. We are very pleased with Marmaxx's strong finish to the year. HomeGoods grew 3% over last year's 5% increase. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin was down 190 basis points. This was primarily due to a decline in merchandise margin, as well as investments to support our growth. For the year, HomeGoods exceeded our plan on the top and bottom line, surpassed $5 billion in sales and delivered strong increases in comp sales and traffic. Further, we opened over 90 stores, including the launch of our new Homesense chain. TJX Canada delivered a terrific quarter, with comps increasing 7% over last year's 4% increase. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 90 basis points. This is primarily due to expense leverage on the 7% comp. We are thrilled that all three Canadian chains had outstanding years and I'm convinced that they increased their market share. At TJX International, comps increased 3% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted 13-week segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 50 basis points. This was primarily due to costs related to the opening of our new distribution center in the UK. We are very pleased that Europe ended 2017 with its strongest quarter of the year, exceeding our top and bottom-line plans for this division. Further, Australia continued its excellent performance. We are convinced that TJX International is gaining market share. Now, to our full-year consolidated fiscal 2018 results. On a 52-week basis, consolidated comp store sales grew 2% over last year's strong 5% increase. Similar to the fourth quarter, overall customer traffic was up and the primary driver of the comp increases at each of our four major divisions. Although still a relatively small part of our business, overall e-commerce sales grew significantly for the full year. Diluted earnings per share were $4.04 versus last years $3.46. Full year EPS includes the same adjustments as the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings per share were $3.85, above our plan and a 9% increase over last year's $3.53. Additionally, the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation benefited EPS growth by 2%, and the combination in foreign currency and transactional FX benefited EPS growth by another 1%. As we expected, wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 2%. So full-year merchandise margin remained strong on top of a significant increase last year, which underscores the power of our flexible model. I'll finish with our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 2018, free cash flow was $2 billion. We take a disciplined approach to capital allocation and our ROIC remains one of the highest we have seen in retail. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business for the near and long-term. In fiscal 2018, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through these programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2019 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Scott. First, I'll cover some 2017 highlights. Again, we are very pleased with our strong holiday season and fourth quarter results. We surpassed $10 billion in sales in the fourth quarter, a company record. We are very happy with the consistency of comp sales across all divisions around the world. Again, customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp sales increases at all of our four major divisions. We attribute this to our great brands, global mix of merchandise and excellent values, combined with our effective marketing. I was particularly pleased with the sequential improvement we saw at Marmaxx from the third quarter. In terms of the execution issues in certain categories that we discussed on our last earnings call, I'm pleased with the improvements we made during the quarter. As we continue to work on these areas, we've seen even further improvement as we started the year. Further, we become better all the time at transitioning our stores after the holidays, shipping merchandise selections frequently and keeping our stores fresh and compelling for customers every time they shop. Now to our full year highlights. Again, we exceeded $35 billion in annual sales. We also are proud to open our 4,000th store in 2017. Further, in a year when many other retailers closed stores, we opened more than 250 stores. Once again, we saw growth in new customers across all of our divisions. We were especially pleased with the increases we continued to see among millennial shoppers, which is promising for our future. We successfully launched Homesense, our second home concept in the U.S. Customer response to Homesense has been terrific. In Australia, our business delivered outstanding top-line performance and the openings of our first new TK Maxx stores in that country were very, very strong. In Europe, while the retail environment was challenging in 2017, we held up better than most other large retailers and are convinced that we gained additional market share. Next, to support our future growth plans around the world, we continue to make strategic investments in our stores, supply chain and systems to support our future growth. I also want to emphasize that we are always examining ways to operate more efficiently. In 2017, we worked diligently to identify areas of the business where we believe we can reduce costs over the long-term. We are currently finalizing our plans to make investments in these initiatives this year that we believe will benefit us next year and beyond. Before I move on, I'll spend a moment on Sierra Trading Post. The impairment charge we announced today reflects lower projected revenue growth rates for this business. Over the past couple of years, we have made significant changes to support the long-term health of the business. We shifted from heavy promotions to everyday value, relocated the business to our home office in Framingham to infuse the organization with high potential talent and grew the store base to leverage our extensive brick-and-mortar expertise. We are confident these are the right changes for the long-term. And we saw improvement in the top-line both online and in stores in the back half of 2017. We are convinced that Sierra Trading Post is now well-positioned for successful growth going forward. Now, I want to spend a moment on product availability and our confidence in always having access to great-quality branded merchandise. Availability has never been an issue for TJX in over our 41-year history. Throughout 2017, overall availability of inventory from top vendors was as good as it has ever been. Further, we have more best friends on order than we did at this time last year. These are some of the key reasons for our confidence. First, over four decades, we have established some of the best mutually-beneficial vendor relationships in retail. Our buyers are in constant contact with vendors in order to strengthen existing relationships, find more way to do business with them and open more vendor doors. We have significantly expanded our vendor universe and now source from over 20,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. Next, we offer vendors an excellent way to grow their business, with over 4,000 stores around the world and growing. Our global presence provides vendors access to new markets that they would not have had with a U.S.-only retailer. Further, we can offers brands one of the most efficient and discrete avenues for clearing inventory. We do not advertise brand names in our marketing. Our in-store inventory turns rapidly. And individual brands can blend into our racks with tens of thousands of items in each store. Finally, we are very flexible in our vendor dealings and buy merchandise in many different ways. Our buyers can purchase an extremely wide assortment of items, styles and sizes as well as quantities ranging from small to very large. Next, I'll recap our outlook for the continued successful growth of our four major divisions. First, at Marmaxx, we see plenty of opportunities to continue growing our customer base and capture additional market share. Giving us confidence is Marmaxx's continued comp sales and traffic increases in both strong and weak retail environments and despite the growth of e-commerce in general. Further, we are laser-focused on execution and offering the right mix of fashion and brands to our shoppers. To keep driving customer traffic, we have strategic marketing initiatives underway, including greater TV exposure. I am also excited about the long-term potential of our TJX Rewards loyalty program. As always, our merchandise and values are the most important factors. We offer an eclectic, ever-changing mix of compelling branded assortments at excellent values every day. Next, at HomeGoods and Homesense in the U.S, we see an enormous opportunity for growth. We believe we are significantly underpenetrated in the total U.S. home market and see plenty of white space across the country for both chains. Today, we are introducing a long-term store target for Homesense in the U.S. of 400 stores. We also see excellent long-term potential in the home fashion space across our other geographies. At TJX Canada, we are extremely proud to have built this division into the largest off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in Canada, by far. Going forward, we see additional opportunities for expansion into rural communities and locating stores closer to one another. We expect to exceed our most recent long-term target for store growth of 500 stores soon. Today, we are increasing our estimate for this division to grow to 600 stores over the long term. We are confident that our excellent merchandise and values will continue to resonate with Canadian shoppers. At TJX International, we are encouraged by the improvement we see in our European business and consumer environment in mainland Europe. We remain the only major off-price retailer in Europe and believe we are well-positioned to achieve our long-term growth plans. In Australia, shoppers are loving TK Maxx and we plan to bring TK Maxx to even more consumers in Australia this year. Long-term, we see the potential to develop TK Maxx in Australia similar to the way we grew TJX Canada. TJX International added a very exciting assortment of new brands last year and continues to offer consumers great values. Now to e-commerce, while it represents just a small piece of our overall sales, we see it as an important complement to our brick-and-mortar business. Our strategy is to differentiate our online merchandise mix to drive incremental sales, and that is what we have been seeing. It also allows us to work with vendors in more ways, further strengthening our relationships. Lastly, our customers love the convenience of making returns in-store. We also love that this prompts another shopping visit, and an additional way for online customers to discover our great brands and values. Underscoring our confidence in our growth are the key advantages that we believe differentiate us. We have built the global infrastructure and supply chain to specifically support our highly-integrated global business model. Our management teams have decades of off-price operating experience in the U.S. and internationally, which allows us to capitalize on our global presence. We have a world-class buying organization of more than 1,000 associates. Further, in an environment where e-commerce, in general, is growing, we are convinced that our amazing prices and exciting and an engaging in-store experience is a tremendous draw for shoppers. We offer consumers the ability to see, touch and feel the merchandise and in the case of apparel, try it on and then take it home that same day. With us, they can shop for a wide variety of brands and thousands of items under one roof in an easy-to-shop simple store layout and be inspired. Further, we have been building customers' trust for four decades. Lastly, we operate one of the most flexible retail models in the world. This allows us to target a wide variety of shoppers across different geographies and demographics and react rapidly to changing market trends. We believe all these elements make TJX's business extremely difficult to replicate. Now, before I wrap up, I want to take a moment to discuss tax reform and how we plan to utilize the cash benefit related to the tax changes. We are pleased to be making incremental investments in our associates, our communities and shareholder distributions. At every division worldwide, we are giving a one-time discretionary bonus to our eligible non-bonus plan associates. We are also making an incremental contribution to our defined contribution retirement plans around the world. Further, in the U.S., we are rolling out paid parental leave and enhancing vacation time for certain associates. Next, we plan to meaningfully increase our charitable giving through our contributions made to our foundations this year. In addition, we are planning a significant increase in our shareholder distributions in 2018, both through our dividend and share buyback programs. Lastly, we will continue to reinvest in the business, including store growth, technology, training our associates, and upgrades to the shopping experience for customers. The tax reform benefit will allow us to move forward some of the spending on investments we planned for our business anyway. We are pleased to be in a position of doing all of this while continuing to deliver great value to our customers. In closing, we feel great about our momentum and solid start to the year. We remain laser-focused on our major growth initiatives to drive customer traffic and comp sales and expand our store base globally, in order to gain even greater market share. In 2018, we are confident that we will achieve our plans for comp sales growth and earnings per share. As always, our entire management team will strive to surpass our goals. We are excited about the future of TJX and look forward to continuing our successful growth, both in the U.S. and internationally. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie. Now to fiscal 2019 guidance, beginning with the full year, for modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal 2019 is a 52-week year compared to fiscal 2018, which was a 53-week year. On a GAAP basis, we expect fiscal 2019 earnings per share to be in the range of $4.73 to $4.83 versus the prior year's $4.04. Excluding an expected benefit of $0.73 to $0.75 from items related to tax reform, we're planning adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $4 to $4.08. This would be up 4% to 6% versus the adjusted $3.85 in fiscal 2018. Similar to recent years, there a couple of factors impacting our expected earnings per share growth in fiscal 2019. First, we anticipate that wage increases will have a negative impact to fiscal 2019 EPS growth of about 2%, similar to last year. We continue to expect that wage increases will have an incremental negative impact beyond fiscal 2019. As always, we plan to continue to invest strategically ahead of our U.S. and international growth plans. In fiscal 2019, this includes investing in our supply chain, technology and stores to support our global store growth. As to FX, at current rates, we expect the net impact of foreign currency to be about a 1% benefit to fiscal 2019 EPS growth. We're planning this benefit to be entirely offset by a 1% negative impact due to the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $37.6 billion to $37.8 billion range, a 5% increase over the 53-week prior year. We're assuming a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis, similar to our plans for prior years. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.6% to 10.8%, down 40 to 60 basis points versus the adjusted 11.2% in fiscal 2018. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.7%, compared with the adjusted 28.8% last year. Our plans also assume an increase in merchandise margin. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales in the range of 17.8% to 17.9% versus the adjusted 17.5% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.9%, net interest expense of about $26 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 624 million. Now, to our full year guidance by division, at Marmaxx, we are planning a comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $22.6 billion to $22.7 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.0% to 13.2%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $5.7 billion and segment profit margin to be in the range of 12.0% to 12.2%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of $3.9 billion to $4 billion and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, to be in the range of 14.6% to 14.8%. At TJX International, we're expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $5.4 billion and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, to be in the range of 5.1% to 5.3%. Moving on to Q1 guidance, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $1 to $1.02 versus the prior year's $0.82 per share. Excluding an estimated benefit of $0.15 to $0.16 from items related to tax reform, adjusted earnings per share would be in the range of $0.85 to $0.87. This would be a 4% to 6% growth, similar to the full year. We anticipate wage increases to negatively impact Q1 EPS by 2%, which is also the same as the full year. We're modeling first quarter consolidated sales in the range of $8.5 billion to $8.6 billion. This guidance assumes a 2% benefit to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range, on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. First quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.0% to 10.2% range, versus 10.7% the prior year. We're anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6%, versus 29.0% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 18.3% to 18.4% range versus 18.1% last year. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 25.7%, net interest expense of about $5 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 634 million. It's important to remember that our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter. Now, to our store growth plans for fiscal 2019, we plan to add 238 net new stores, which would bring our year-end total to 4,308 stores. This represents store growth of approximately 6% and, similar to last year, reflects our plans to close only a few stores. Beginning in the U.S, our plans call for us to open about 65 stores at Marmaxx. At HomeGoods, we expect to open approximately 100 stores, including 15 Homesense stores. We also plan to open an additional eight Sierra Trading Post stores and we continue to test what works best for this concept. In Canada, we plan to add about 30 new stores. And at TJX International, we plan to open 30 stores in Europe and five stores in Australia. I'll wrap up with our cash distributions to shareholders. First, we are planning to repatriate over $1 billion of our Canadian cash as a result of tax reform. Further, we're expecting a significant benefit from a lower federal tax rate in the U.S. Therefore, for fiscal 2019, we are planning a larger dividend increase and a more significant buyback program. As we outlined in today's press release, we expect that our board of directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 25%, on top of the 20% increase last year. This would mark our 22nd straight year of dividend increases. In fiscal 2019, we also plan to buy back $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion of TJX stock. Even with our significant shareholder distributions, we still plan to end fiscal 2019 with approximately $2.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, which underscores our financial flexibility. Now, we're happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session And our first question is from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks for taking my question. It's great to see you guys rebounded the way you have in the holiday quarter. I wanted to ask my one question on the interplay between inventory and comp. Obviously, the comp trends really rebounded, but maybe you could help us understand how you're feeling about inventory levels, especially given the fact that it seems like gross margins came in a little bit lighter than expectations, even with the extra week kind of helping spread out the occupancy expense. Maybe you could help us understand where you are in inventory and gross margin perspective and the relation to sales. Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: It's a multi-faceted question. So let me first just talk a bit about the merchandise margin. I assume, Omar, you're referring to the fourth quarter?
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: On the gross profit.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Okay. So the fourth quarter, try not to be too long-winded on this one, but the merchandise margin was down in the fourth quarter and it was down primarily due to freight and markdowns, which were where HomeGoods, that we had some capacity constraints due to higher freight costs. And these constraints were unanticipated in the quarter and resulted in a larger impact on HomeGoods than our other divisions due to the size and nature of the product we carry at HomeGoods. This lack of capacity that we had in the freight arena, which resulted in some delays at the ports, causing our product to arrive at the stores a bit later than we had anticipated. And at HomeGoods, where we deliver the product on a just-in-time basis, probably more than at any other division, this delay impacted sales and required additional markdowns, especially in some of our gift-giving categories. At this point, we think the markdowns are largely behind us. They spilled a little over into the first quarter. But that's contemplated in our plans at this point in time. So we had some freight costs as well at Marmaxx. So, yeah, I think the key here would be that this was  and maybe Ernie can comment, that really not due to any executional issues. And before I just turn it over, I would say that we felt good  we're planning significant increases in our merchandise margin next year. And on a quarterly basis, it's the first time our merchandise margin was down in the last eight quarters. And, again, if I go back to 2003, we've had 15 of the last 16 years where our merchandise margin has been up and the only year it was down was fiscal 2012, I believe, and it was 8 basis points. And I'll let Ernie talk in terms of the mix and everything.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Omar, exactly, as Scott said, really got hit with the markdowns. And by the way, probably a little bit of a sales impact from these later deliveries, which were not really due to merchant execution. It was really more of the logistics-oriented situation with freight and trucking and movement of freight. I guess, looking forward, here's the good news, is we love the position. We're starting to get the flow back and the timeliness back to where we like it. And HomeGoods is in great liquidity position and open-to-buy position as we flow into the first quarter here. As Scott said, we did get hit with some as we began the first quarter with some markdowns still impacting us from some of those late deliveries, unfortunately. But for the most part, I'd say it's largely past us. So we're feeling good about going forward.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Corrine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrll Lynch: Thank you. Scott, as you look at the cost structure, understanding that some of your competitors have raised their minimum wages, is this something that you're contemplating in the guidance, some incremental pressure, maybe on top of the minimum wage increase in Canada and some of the other states? And then also, as you look at your cost structure longer-term, are there areas of opportunity to reduce that leverage point, if you need to offset these higher costs?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So talk a bit about just the facts. So a couple months ago, we would have thought our wage increases were going to still increase, but we'd have less deleverage on us. And we had called out about a 1% decrease or about 10 basis points. Now it's still a 2% decrease, as I just talked about earlier in the prepared remarks. Again, the big change from a couple months ago was Canada has the large increases in Ontario and those increases were also added to, because we had just recently announcements that British Columbia is also increasing their wages. We have all the wage increases built in, in the United States and in Europe that we are aware of, in terms of pending or likely increases. In terms of the cost aspect of it, I would say in terms of the deleverage point, we are working on cost initiatives, I wouldn't say to lower our leverage point, but at least try to keep it where it is. But, again, that's a little hard to answer your question, since we don't know what the wage increases are going to be at this point.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, and, Lorraine, I would also jump in a few other pieces of color on this. We get constant feedback from our field, in terms of the retention and turnover rates out there. And we've been feeling like we're in a very good position of recent and we've touched base pretty frequently on that. You have a bunch of dynamic going on. We keep an eye on it, by the way. We will consistently monitor this, as it goes forward. We also have about a quarter of our stores where we are paying $11 already. So we did not want to or feel like, based on our lack of challenge hiring quality people, we did not want to overreact to what's going on out there, probably going to take it more market-by-market. And so again, we're feeling pretty comfortable about the position we're in. But we will monitor as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Siegel. Your line is open.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC: Thanks, good morning, and congrats on the strong end to the year. Ernie, to your point about the vendor strengths, and I guess the supply breadth you had mentioned, has the concentration of your top vendors this year changed at all versus the prior years? And then, maybe, Scott, any view on just the long-term EBIT margin profile for Marmaxx and HomeGoods? Thanks.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, Simeon. No, effectively the concentration on our top vendors, and we looked at this in-depth every quarter, is effectively very similar to last year, nothing materially different. We have shifts. So some vendors one year, we will do more. You could have a vendor that was in the top, that was, say, our 20th biggest vendor, and he could move down to 40th, but somebody else then moves up to 20. We could have shifts within it, number eight goes to number 12, number 12 the year before becomes number six. But I would say the bulk of the big brands that were the big brands last year, that a lot of the big brands of the same big brands. We have the fortunate ability with all the availability in the market we've had the ability to broaden our brands. And, as you know, when we give you those dollar bonds, it's not just about comp sales. Of $1 billion to $2 billion a year, we're doing a lot of that is giving us additional vendors; may not be in the top 20, but it's allowing us more doors open that we can go to in certain categories throughout the year. So we love those dynamics, actually.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC: Okay, thanks. And then anything, just the right way to think about the way you're viewing the EBIT margin profiles for Marmaxx and HomeGoods, longer-term?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: No, I would say we are not, at this point, going to give guidance to past the fiscal 2019 at this point. So I would say, at this point, similar to this year.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC: Great, thanks. Best of luck for the year.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a little bit more color, if you can give it, on merch margin, maybe talk about merch margin by segment in the fourth quarter. Also curious as you think about the merch margin, your guidance for merch margin to be up. And F2018, are there any particular segments where you're looking for more strength versus others, if you can just touch on the merch margin issue? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Again, I think it's what I said before. Going back to HomeGoods, again, the biggest miss in the fourth quarter versus LY and plan, which was really miss from plan, was with HomeGoods, on the merch margin. Again, it was the freight and related markdowns, so that was by far the related mix. We also did have some of those, again, same related costs in terms of the freight at Marmaxx and really not much to speak of on anything with Canada, International, in terms of from a TY, LY, again. And then next year, I think, we feel good about, as we said, across the board, merchandise margin at all the divisions.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes. Paul, we like the sit well, the dynamics of what's going on in the market, in terms of a lot of really strong brands and this includes Europe and Canada as well as the U.S., have had as good as an availability level as we've ever seen and our liquidity position is healthy. So we're feeling the opportunity on our merchandise margin should be pretty good this year to continue on the same path of doing this pretty good job. I don't want to overcommit to what there is, but there is certainly a healthy availability that should help us achieve our merchandise margin plans in FY 2019.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Are you seeing any pickup in product availability from online retailers, like online-only retailers? Has that channel become a significant source of merchandise and supply for you guys? And how do the merch margins tend to be in that channel versus your historical vendor base?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes, that, actually, it's a great question. It has created more surplus out there. It's another avenue. So even though brick-and-mortar department store volume has come down and maybe that has subsided, the world of e-commerce has created more availability. And you're spot on. And the answer would be yes. Yeah.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And how about the merch margin in that segment?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Very competitive. Yeah.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thanks, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: It's fresh goods. The goods are typically boxed and fresh.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good luck.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much. Good morning. I wanted to just ask about the HomeGoods margin. I understand there were some things that happened in the fourth quarter that caused particular pressure, but looking back to the second quarter, I think the operating margin at HomeGoods was down about 80 basis points. In the third quarter, it was down about 60 basis points. So I'm wondering if there is just a sort of a natural settling of the HomeGoods margin at a slightly lower level, or if perhaps maybe there's just been an ongoing creep higher in freight and distribution costs that are weighing on the division. I'm just trying to understand when we might be able to see that level out and what your future expectation is for that division's margin.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So you actually nailed it on a few of the items. Freight, it's built into our plans, but I would say the freight cost for this year on the go-forward year, it's certainly a factor in next year's deleverage. Not that much different on the whole year, though, for fiscal 2019 as it is for 2018, but it is a continued deleverage point. The other points really relate to the investments, as we talked about, in the almost 200 stores that we've added between fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. And the need to pull forward and bring supply chain in future DCs cost. That, in addition to just the pressure that you've heard us talk about, whether it's at Marmaxx and some of the other divisions of the sheer number of openings of new stores and with Homesense, had very productive return on investments, but at a lower return, will naturally add to the overall deleverage. So I would say the deleverage points that we have for new stores and supply chain, is similar to last year. And we're planning it within 10 basis points of how we planned fiscal 2018, we're planning fiscal 2019. So, yes, I think that's the case. And I think the deleverage, we're not giving guidance, but you will see continued pressure when you go past next year.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: But again, we feel great about the growth, the cash flow, the returns. It's a business that will have deleverage, but will still grow the operating income significantly for that division. I don't know, Ernie, if you'd add any, in terms of, again?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I think you covered it.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Scott, could I just ask a clarification on the freight cost? It sounded like, in the fourth quarter, there were some specific capacity constraints. I'm wondering, do you contract out an estimated capacity or is it the nature of off-price that the capacity is perhaps unknowable and so you avail yourself of the spot market a little bit more? We're just wondering how you manage your aggregate freight costs between contracting versus the spot rates?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I'd have to get back to you on the detail. I would say that most of the freight costs that we saw were pretty much unanticipated. So it's a combination of a lot of things, I think, are transpiring in the world of carrier consolidation, a bit on driver shortages that were...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Driver shortages were a big part. Yeah.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: A little more, I think, pronounced in the fourth quarter, additional regulations that have been going into a place. So I think there's a number of factors that went into it. But I'm not sure of the specifics, certainly can get back to you, back after on more detail on that.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Awesome. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from John Morris. Your line is open.
John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Hey, my congratulations on a really nice holiday season a well.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, John.
John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, I think, Scott, Ernie, I guess, for either one of you, it's a little bit of a philosophical question. Thinking behind your 1% to 2% comp forecast for next year, on the one hand we've got, I think we'd all agree, a better macro consumer out there. And you sort of acknowledged as much by building in some of the higher wage rates for next year as well, so some discretionary spending for them as well as the bonuses and whatnot. And yet, I'm wondering why, I guess, the delta or the philosophy behind only guiding to like a 1% to 2% comp for next year. So maybe some more thought process there, be helpful. Thanks.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So, John, this is really a classic case. First of all, that is, as you know, a very normal guidance range for us. And our objective is to always exceed our plans. So we like to plan conservatively. It does a lot of good things for the business. It controls inventories, expenses, which is really a huge deal. Expenses across all the operating divisions, whether it's store payroll, the distribution processing costs, costs within other functional areas, support areas. And so when we budget off the lower comp  our objective, by the way, clearly, is to surpass those goals. It's just a conservative way of planning. Scott, do you want to...?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: No, I think it's really the two points Ernie made. It's the discipline in the expenses and I think on the inventory management and it allows for better, hopefully, flow-through on the upside and mitigates on the markdowns, on the downside.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Your question, though, is certainly  your challenge is certainly what our mindset is.
John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. No, that's helpful, maybe if you...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I think if you're getting at, yeah, we would not want to only achieve a 1% to a 2%.
John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, and I'm wondering with what you mentioned in the prepared remarks about the initiatives that you all work so hard on to keep driving that traffic, are there any you want to highlight for us that might be new and different as your forward for next year, on those consumer-driving initiatives? That would be...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I'll tell you one thing. We can't give you specifics on it, but I am very happy with the marketing campaigns that we have coming up. Actually, a lot of it, I can't tell you about, because they don't come out until the second week in March. But I am very happy with the creative on all divisions, on the marketing front and also we've done some adjustments on the working media in terms of what vehicles we are pushing out there with. So, of course, digital is a key component. But we are utilizing TV, which, again, I can't give you specifics, in a different way. But as far as that traffic, that's one of the things I am most excited about, over the next six months.
John Dygert Morris - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Sounds great. Super helpful. Look forward to it. Thank you, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey. Your line is open.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good morning and congratulations on the improvement. As you think about the comp, what comp do you need to leverage expenses going forward? Is there any change? And you mentioned marketing expense increase, which divisions? Is it TV? What do you plan to do? And how do you think it drive sales? And just lastly, with the changes for Sierra Trading Post, what opportunity do you see for the business as you make these changes? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So I think, I'll just try to answer a few of those questions. On advertising, I think, maybe a little is, first, advertising dollars are slightly more, but there is a leverage on an A to S ratio. In terms of the leverage point, not trying to not answer the question, but when you have too many factors with wage and FX and other things to tell you the leverage point, 3% was always what we had stated when merchandise margin is roughly flat and your expenses were not growing. The leverage point would generally always be 3%. Certainly, when you plan out a quarter at a 2% and we have a 3%, we're certainly going to leverage off of that. And at usually 1% comp would be worth approximately 20 basis points in leverage when you're comparing it to a plan, whether it's for the year or for the quarter. And I'll just turn it back to Ernie in terms of...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: STP.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: STP and things that we're doing.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So, Dana, on Sierra Trading Post, we're really excited about a handful of things here. It was a tale of two cities, when you look at the first half performance and the back half. So in the second half of the year, our top line was performing really well versus in the first half, where it was disappointing. The organization, we did some pretty major moves around, as well as at the end of last year, put a planning organization in that was really going to take care of a consistent flow to the stores and the website in a very balanced manner, which we have not had before. So that really took strong effect by the time we got to about August, September and we went on to have a very healthy sales top-line growth in the fourth quarter. So what we're feeling good about is we even go into this year is our flow has been much better to the stores and to the website. We have a merchant team that's now in place. I think I had talked to all of you before about doing a reorganization restructuring there, which we did that about a year ago, and we're finally getting the payback on that. So we're looking at a more experienced merchant group, which should yield us  between that and the flow of the merchandise, should lead to improving merchandise margins as well. So, pretty much all of those things are headed in the right direction. We had to go through all that pain of going for everyday value from early on. But, fortunately, we're, for the most part past that and like what we see for the year coming up.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen. Your line is open.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, Ernie and Scott. Great quarter and congratulations. So regarding traffic and average unit retail, and as you think forward to your apparel versus non-apparel mix as well as the related supply chain investments, where do you think you are with respect to where you want the business to be with the mix or a framework for us thinking about that, because you've done a very good job being proactive about being in categories that aren't necessary apparel and strategically using private label, so would love your thoughts for the year ahead.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I'll just give a little color on the number there. I think one of the things that we're certainly pleased with and we mentioned it briefly on the average retail moderating, particularly at Marmaxx, in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. We are planning, as we said, the average retail, still moderating as we move through the first half of this year and to be flattish for the back half of the year. So I think that's  we feel good about that and some of that is, I think Ernie will allude to it, is the mix and the branding and all that of the merchandise. So that's, I think, very important. And certainly, if we can achieve that, that will continue to put a little less pressure on some of our expense structure.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. Oliver, so, I guess, it's a good question. It's pretty broad and what I would get at some of the key pieces, I think what you're getting at is how we're approaching the apparel and the home business. Is it different? Or this is where the flexibility comes into play. One thing that you could see is that in Marmaxx, we had those few categories where we had some execution issues in the third quarter. And you could see that, even though we have work to do, we're very happy with the progress that we've had on those few categories. Or, obviously, Marmaxx would not have had a 3% comp in the fourth quarter. And also, we've seen some further improvement as we've been through the first few weeks of this year. I would tell you, because of the importance of apparel still in a Marmaxx or a TK Maxx or in a Winners we have some initiatives and strong feelings about certain apparel categories throughout the year that we are going to try to aggressively drive this year. That applies to those three divisions, specifically. Even though they have home businesses, we are specifically going to be going after apparel in those full-line stores. Having said that, strategically, when you look at our total TJX business, I love the way the complement of home is such a core steady, non-weather-related market share opportunity, as I said before, because we believe we have the most unpredictable impulse-driven home business in the country, at the best value that nobody competes with us on. So that's why you'll continue to see us open more home stores and drive the home business in the full-line stores as well. So I guess, this year, our mission, and your question was perfect timing, because in the full-line apparel stores, which is TJ Maxx, Marshalls, Winners, TK, we're going to try to aggressively go after certain key apparel categories, while we still go after home. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: The final question of the day comes from Matthew Boss. Your line is open.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Congrats on the improvement.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Ernie, I guess, can you speak to, maybe or at least give us some high-level thoughts, as to the monthly progression, what you saw from same-store sales in the fourth quarter?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I know you don't normally provide it, but I ask, just given the improved execution, some of the issues that we saw in the third quarter, did things improve as the fourth quarter progressed? Sounds like you're speaking to continued momentum in February, maybe just touch on any drivers. And then finally, on the international front, nice improvement there as well, any trends you're seeing by regions or just initiatives that you're driving to capture additional share outside of the U.S.?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So, Matt, we can't give specifics. As you know, we can't give you numbers by month. What I can directionally say is that we did have improvement as the quarter went on. And by the way, that applies to Europe, specifically. Our business continued to get healthier as we got toward Christmas and post-Christmas. And it varied a little bit by division, so I can't broad-brush it like that for you. But, obviously, in total TJX, when we have a 4% comp, this is why I can only get so specific, but we clearly did not have any month that wasn't a good month or we wouldn't have ended up there. But it did seem to strengthen as we got closer to Christmas. I would leave it at that. Scott, do you have any...?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, I think and, as Ernie said, with Europe, it certainly got better later.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Later.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And I would say, in terms of Europe, there is still a bit more pressure, I think, too, as the hanging on effects of Brexit in terms of UK versus mainland Europe, so we have been stronger in mainland Europe than we have in the UK. And probably the only nuance there is also we run better in London versus outside of London. But those are the things that we've, I think, had mentioned before, but still, there is still some pressures in Europe on that.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And, Matt, the thing that, again, we couldn't get everything into the script. But one of the highs of what Scott, myself and the team here was most excited about was the consistency across all of the divisions and all the geographies. We didn't have any one bottleneck in the business, so to speak, that would drag anything down, so that we felt good about. And so when you ask about the timing, even the timing, as much as it helped, it was pretty consistent for the quarter, which also was a sign of healthiness.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, and I think to reiterate, just to make sure on the geographies and like at Marmaxx, for example, we were pretty consistent within the U.S., so we always like when we don't see much a differentiation between the low and the high. So that's what we saw in the fourth quarter, which I think bodes well.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Okay. Thank you all for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q3  (2017-11-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc. Debra McConnell - The TJX Cos., Inc. Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.
Analysts: Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The (sic) TJX Companies' Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, November 14, 2017. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Dory. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 28, 2017. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear on that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investors section of our website, TJX.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, TJX.com, in the Investors section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I want to begin our call today by saying that our hearts go out to all of our associates, their families and everyone who was affected by the recent hurricanes. The personal stories we have heard from our team in the field make it clear how devastating the situation has been to so many people. As an organization, we have extended our help and support to our associates and their families in Texas, Florida and in Puerto Rico, where we opened relief centers in some of our stores. We have made significant corporate contributions to the relief efforts of the American Red Cross and Save the Children and the response to our in-store fundraising campaigns has been tremendous, thanks to the generosity of our customers. We know the recovery is ongoing and will be long-lasting. As the CEO of this company, I could not be prouder of how our organization, our associates and our customers have responded to provide their care and support during such a difficult time. Moving now to our third quarter results. Third quarter consolidated comp sales were flat versus a strong 5% increase last year. Earnings per share were $1 and at the high end of our plan. During the quarter, the hurricanes negatively impacted our top- and bottom-line results. Additionally, we believe that warmer temperatures in the U.S. during the quarter dampened demand for apparel at Marmaxx. Beyond this, we believe we could have done a better job in certain apparel categories in Marmaxx and, therefore, left some business on the table. That said, our non-apparel sales were strong. Also, as the weather turned more seasonable in the second half of October, we saw sales trends improve at Marmaxx. Importantly, I am very pleased with our customer traffic, which was up strongly across all four major divisions, including up 2% at Marmaxx for the quarter. Further, merchandise margin was up again, similar to the strong increases we saw in the first and second quarters. This is a testament to the flexibility of our off-price business model. Our buyers capitalized on excellent opportunities in the marketplace, which helped drive mark-on. We remained extremely disciplined with our lean inventory levels and were very strategic in how we flowed merchandise to our stores. The fourth quarter is off to a strong start, and we see many opportunities. At Marmaxx, we started aggressively shipping more cold-weather apparel to start the quarter. We have many initiatives underway to drive sales and traffic this holiday selling season and are in a terrific inventory position. We have plenty of liquidity to take advantage of a marketplace that is loaded with quality branded merchandise. We are excited about the fourth quarter and we'll be offering great gift selections at compelling off-price values and emphasizing them in our marketing. The entire management team is laser-focused on achieving our fourth quarter plans and will strive to surpass them. We remain confident in our long-term growth strategy and that we can continue to grow successfully in both the U.S. and internationally. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter numbers. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. Consolidated comparable store sales were flat versus a 5% increase last year. While sales were below our plan, we were very pleased that customer traffic was strong and up at all four major divisions. While overall traffic and the units sold were up, these increases were mostly offset by a lower average ticket. As a reminder, our comp store sales exclude the growth from e-commerce. Also, our comp store sales exclude 37 stores, mostly in Puerto Rico, that were significantly impacted by hurricanes during the quarter. I also want to mention that approximately 400 additional stores were impacted in Florida and Texas for a period of time due to the hurricanes and are still included in our comp store sales. Again, diluted earnings per share were $1 and at the high-end of our plan and over an adjusted $0.91 last year. We believe the combination of lost sales and other expenses due to the hurricanes in the third quarter negatively impacted EPS by about $0.03. The combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange benefited EPS growth by 5%, and the change in accounting rules for share-based compensation benefited EPS growth by an additional 2%. As we anticipated, wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by about 1%. As Ernie mentioned, we were very pleased that our merchandise margin increased in the third quarter. Further, our overall pre-tax profit margin exceeded the high-end of our guidance despite the below planned sales. This was mostly due to better-than-expected merchandise margin and expense savings on the flat comp. Again, this speaks to the flexibility of our off-price model and our ability to adjust and react to current trends. At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including inventories held in warehouses but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were down 4% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with our liquidity and inventory position entering the fourth quarter and are set up very well to flow fresh merchandise to our stores throughout the holiday season. Now to recap our third quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps were down 1% versus a 5% increase last year. Again, the hurricanes had a negative impact on third quarter sales. That said, we are very pleased that customer traffic increased at comp stores across all regions, except Florida. Segment profit margin decreased 80 basis points, primarily due to expense deleverage on the below planned comp. Merchandise margin was up significantly, which underscores our disciplined inventory  disciplined buying and inventory management. We were pleased to see sales trends improve toward the end of the quarter, and we may  and we have many exciting initiatives underway to drive traffic and sales in the fourth quarter and beyond. HomeGoods delivered another solid quarter. Comp sales increased 3% over last year's 6% increase and were also negatively impacted by the hurricanes. Segment profit margin was down 60 basis points. This was primarily due to increased supply chain and freight costs, largely a result of our new distribution center. We are very pleased with the comp increase and traffic gains we saw at this division. TJX Canada comps increased a strong 4% over last year's 8% increase. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 240 basis points. This was primarily due to a benefit from transactional foreign exchange and a strong increase in merchandise margin, as well as lower supply chain costs versus last year. All three of our Canadian chains had great momentum and strong results for the third quarter. At TJX International, comps increased 1% in the third quarter. We are pleased that customer traffic was up and exceeded the comp sales growth. In Europe, we believe we continue to perform better than most major European retailers despite a very challenging retail environment. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 220 basis points. This decrease was primarily due to costs related to opening our new distribution center in the UK, lower merchandise margin and expense deleverage on the 1% comp. In Australia, TK Maxx delivered another quarter of very strong sales. I'll finish with our shareholder distributions. During the third quarter, we bought back $350 million of TJX stock, retiring 4.9 million shares. We continue to expect to buy back $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of TJX stock this year. Further, through our dividend program, we've returned $197 million to shareholders in the third quarter, representing a 20% increase over last year's per-share dividend. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2018 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Scott. Now to some of our other business highlights in the third quarter. First, we opened our 4,000th store, a proud milestone for our company. This is a great reflection of our decades of operating expertise, both in the U.S. and internationally, and our disciplined approach to real estate. Second, we were thrilled with the openings of our first three HomeSense stores in the U.S. While still very early, initial customer response has been outstanding. Shoppers are loving the differentiated mix of home fashions at HomeSense, together with HomeGoods, we offer something for every room of the home. Next, we opened our first new TK Maxx stores in Australia. The response of Australian consumers to our great brands and values has been outstanding, and we like our long-term prospects in this region of the world. Lastly, we rolled out two major initiatives at TJX International. First, we are now offering our non-credit loyalty program, Treasure, in all of our stores in the UK and Ireland. Second, Click and Collect is now available at all of our TK Maxx locations in the UK. We are confident that both of these programs will help deepen customer engagement with TK Maxx. Now, I'll move to our fourth quarter opportunities. Most importantly, we are passionate about offering consumers tremendous off-price values on an eclectic mix of merchandise from around the world. We are in a great liquidity position to take advantage of the numerous opportunities we see and plan to buy seasonal product throughout December. We'll be flowing fresh merchandise to our stores and online multiple times a week, so shoppers can expect to see something new every time they visit. I am convinced that our stores will have the best gift-giving assortments out there this holiday season. Furthermore, every year, we work to improve how we transition our stores post holiday, which is another opportunity. Next, we feel great about our marketing campaigns, which recently launched. Once again, we're using our tri-branded campaign strategy in both the U.S. and Canada, which has been successful for us in prior years. In Europe, we are leveraging a unique holiday campaign across multiple geographies. All of our four major divisions will be actively marketing every week throughout the holiday season, with an integrated approach to engage shoppers through television, digital, social media and mobile. We also continue to grow and promote all of our loyalty programs. We believe they will encourage more frequent visits and cross-shopping of our stores and online. Moving on, I'd like to recap why we believe consumers love shopping our retail banners. First and foremost, we offer excellent off-price values on a curated selection of merchandise from around the world in both apparel and non-apparel. Our assortments are constantly changing. This newness and freshness is an important part of the treasure hunt shopping experience and encourages more frequent visits. Further, we have been attracting more millennial customers, who are often on a tighter budget and looking to stretch their shopping dollars. Second, we are convinced that the touch-and-feel shopping experience is not going away. In our stores, consumers can choose from a wide variety of branded items across multiple categories in very little time. They can try the apparel on, select what they want and take their items home that same day. This all provides an enjoyable and efficient shopping experience. Next, our flexible store format and fast-turning inventory allows us to respond quickly to changing consumer trends. Our more than 1,000 buyers source from a universe of over 18,000 vendors globally to offer the best mix of fashion and brands for our customers. Lastly, we aim to locate our stores in convenient locations that are easy for consumers to access. In the U.S. and Canada, our stores are generally located in off-mall strip centers or on heavily trafficked popular commuting results, where shoppers may visit weekly or more. As to e-commerce, we view it as complementary to our very successful brick-and-mortar business and another way to drive incremental sales and traffic. Our key strategy is to differentiate our merchandise mix from our stores to encourage shopping across channels. Moving on to product availability. We see the marketplace loaded with quality, desirable brands. Our challenge is holding our buyers back so that we have liquidity to take advantage of opportunities that tend to become even better. Our buyers are opening new vendors all the time and expanding existing relationships so that we can offer consumers a constantly changing mix. In closing, the fourth quarter is off to a strong start. We are excited about our near- and long-term opportunities. Again, our key growth drivers are driving comp sales and traffic and global store expansion. We remain highly confident in the fundamental strength of our business and the continued profitable growth at TJX. With our flexible off-price business model, we have succeeded in many different types of retail and economic environments over the course of our 40-plus year history. We have built a highly integrated business and developed international teams and infrastructures that we believe differentiate TJX and it would be extremely difficult for other retailers to replicate. We have a clear, long-term vision for growth and see many opportunities to grow our market share in the U.S. and internationally. We are excited about our future as we continue to grow TJX as the only major international off-price retailer in the world. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie. Before I begin, I want to remind everyone that both the fourth quarter and the full year include an extra week due to the 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar, which we expect will benefit both periods by about $0.11. Now to our guidance, beginning with the fourth quarter. We expect GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.27. Excluding an approximate $0.11 benefit from the extra week in the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.16, an 11% to 13% increase versus the prior year. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 1% due to wage increases. It also includes a 1% benefit to EPS growth due to the combination of foreign currency and transactional FX. We're modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales in the range of $10.6 billion to $10.8 billion. This guidance assumes a positive impact to revenue of approximately 6% due to the extra week and a 2% positive impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. The comps exclude e-commerce and, by definition, the extra week. Fourth quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 12.1% to 12.2% range versus the prior year's 11.6%. The extra week is expected to benefit pre-tax margin by approximately 50 basis points. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% versus 28.3% last year. The extra week is expected to benefit the high end of gross profit margin by approximately 40 basis points. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.8%, up 10 basis points versus last year. We do not expect the extra week to have a significant impact on fourth quarter SG&A as a percent of sales. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 38.1%, net interest expense of about $8 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 639 million. Moving on to full-year guidance. On a GAAP basis, we expect fiscal 2018 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.91 to $3.93. Excluding the approximate $0.11 benefit from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.82. This would be up 8% versus the adjusted $3.53 in fiscal 2017. We continue to expect that wage increases will negatively impact fiscal 2018 EPS growth by about 2%. We now anticipate that the share-based compensation accounting rule will benefit fiscal 2018 EPS growth by about $0.05 or 1%. As to FX, assuming current rates, we now expect the net impact of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange will have a 1% positive impact on fiscal 2018 EPS growth. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $35.6 billion to $35.7 billion range, a 7% to 8% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a positive impact to revenue of approximately 1.5% due to the 53rd week and a neutral impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. We're continuing to plan a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis. Again, the comps exclude e-commerce and, by definition, the extra week. We're increasing our expectation for pre-tax profit margin to a range of 11.3% to 11.4%. This would be down 10 basis points to 20 basis points versus the adjusted 11.5% in fiscal 2017. The 53rd week is expected to benefit the high end of pre-tax margin by approximately 20 basis points. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 29.0% to 29.1%, flat to up 10 basis points versus last year. The 53rd week is expected to have a 20 basis point benefit to the high end of gross profit margin. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 17.6% versus 17.4% last year. We do not expect the 53rd week to have a significant impact on full-year SG&A as a percent of sales. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 37.3%, net interest expense of about $35 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 646 million. Now to our full-year guidance by division. Sales and pre-tax margin guidance are on a 53rd-week basis. At Marmaxx, we're now expecting comp growth of 1% on sales of $22.1 billion to $22.2 billion and segment profit margin of approximately 13.7%. For the fourth quarter, we are assuming that the decline in average ticket at Marmaxx moderates. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 4% on sales of $5.1 billion. We are increasing segment profit margin guidance to a range of 13.6% to 13.7%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 4% on sales of $3.6 billion. We're raising our adjusted segment profit margin guidance, excluding foreign currency, to a range of 14.7% to 14.8%. At TJX International, we're expecting comp growth of 1% on sales of $4.8 billion and adjusted segment profit margin guidance, excluding foreign currency, of about 4.8%. It is important to remember that our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. And again, our guidance for GAAP EPS for both periods includes an $0.11 benefit from the 53rd week in this year's fiscal calendar. Now we're happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thanks guys. Any way you could quantify what you were seeing in the business overall, Marmaxx specifically prior to the unfavorable weather maybe having an impact and any quantification about how the fourth quarter has started? And just curious about regional differences throughout the quarter. Maybe help us understand how the weather impacted certain regions versus those that were not hurt by the less-than-seasonable weather out there? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So, Paul, I'll just start. Overall, we believe that the hurricane and the weather impacts for the quarter, both from Marmaxx and TJX had approximately a 2% impact, or they would have been 2% higher had not been for both  those two factors. In terms of the weather, as the weather turned  and I'm speaking more toward Marmaxx at this point, as the weather turned, as we moved through October to the last part of it, we saw the comps increase at Marmaxx versus the trend we saw. September was a combination of both weather and hurricane and October, the first half of the month was a weather story. And then, I'll turn it over, we're not going to go into the comps by division at this point, but I'll let Ernie...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, Paul. I would just say, I think, part of your question was prior to the hurricanes and the unseasonable weather, we were tracking better at the beginning of September, actually. So we had high hopes and then it got derailed with a lot of bad weather issue. I would say besides that, and we didn't talk about it as much in the script, we did have a couple of areas that was our own execution and I would say, it was really more because of a lack of the appropriate fashion content. And that really did not help us. So that is an opportunity that we have since dug into. We've certainly got the teams together to look at that and feel that those areas that hurt us in the third quarter are in better shape going into the fourth quarter. So that has been something certainly self-inflicted that we, in addition to the weather, have focused on.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Ernie, was it a fashion miss or was it more what you wanted to buy just wasn't available out there?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: No, it was absolutely a fashion miss, Paul. And it had nothing to do  this was really, on our own part, a selection issue, and it had nothing to do with availability out there. And that would apply to the three areas that I'm thinking about. All three were a fashion miss from our own execution.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And is that already fixed? Or when do you expect it to be fixed?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I would say it's expected to be fixed. They are not already fixed. They are kind of work-in-progress. But they have both  the underlying trends relative to the store, in both cases, have improved a little bit. So that's a good sign. And I would say two of them, I am feeling, will be well improved by the fourth quarter. The third one might take a little bit longer. But the....
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good luck.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: The bulk of it will definitely be improved.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right, thanks. Good luck guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann. Your line is open.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to clarify on the Marmaxx merchandise margin, which you said was up  I think you said was up nicely at the same time that it sounds like AUR was down. And you called out some execution issues and a general shortfall for comp trends. So could you help square the favorable merchandise margin behavior with those headwinds to merchandise margin?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes. I think that in terms, first is, I'll talk both on an absolute basis and versus guidance, Lindsay, in that throughout the  we ended up given that we're always we have a  always a considerable amount of open to buy in the quarter, like in the case, this case, the third quarter, for the third quarter, and we are able to buy, particularly in our mark-on, better than what we had guided to. So that was largely the uptick. In fact, the average ticket, although weighing on some of the overall costs for the business, was actually moderated a bit from what we originally guided to. So we had two pickups, the biggest, though, one, I would say, is in the mark-on that we bought better.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes, Lindsay, I would also jump in. Here's the dynamic that happened a little in the third quarter. And as we talked about, we strategically flowed a little differently. One of the things we did is stay a little bit leaner in the third quarter on our cold-weather apparel, flowed it later in the quarter. With that, unfortunately, we might have given up a little bit of top-line sales. But when you give out the top-line sales there and flow it later into November, that oftentimes helps you with the margin, even though you've given up some sales. And that's one of the benefits of doing that. Having said that, I think we probably waited a little bit too long and gave up a little bit more sales than we like. Now the market environment that we're in, where a lot of the retail traffic is awful around us, it's going to probably create even more opportunities, which we certainly started taking advantage of in the third quarter, absolutely placed to our business model, that's why we're able to hold in the strong merchandise margin even when the sales flattened. And our expectation would be we'll continue to take advantage in the fourth quarter, especially in November here, in this loaded market, with retail traffic across the board being pretty slow, our guys are seeing a lot of tremendous (30:47). I think it's going to keep that mark-on going in a strong direction. So, just thought that's added color for you in terms of how that dynamic has taken place.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And in terms of the Marmaxx overall margin, our entire miss from guidance was due to the hurricane and the deleverage on the low comp at Marmaxx which, again, was partially offset by the strong merchandise margin improvement we saw.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And just to jump in on one last thing here. It's really the strength, we've talked about it many times over the years, it is the strength of our business model that allows us to be so nimble and react to situations where our sales have slowed down in a business like Marmaxx. So we're able to then improve on our liquidity, adjust and really make up some headway on the margin side of the business, which I don't think a lot of other retail concepts are able to do that as quickly as this concept is.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Just a quick  thank you for that, a quick follow-up. The up 2% traffic you called out for Marmaxx, can you talk about how that compares with trends earlier this year?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Hi, Lindsay, this is Scott. We didn't really break out that detail. So not going to go into the comp transaction that we saw earlier in the year.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks anyway guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Lindsay, the only thing I would throw into that is our traffic was up in all regions, except for Florida, of the strong traffic increase. So that was encouraging as well.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baker. Your line is open.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. A couple questions. One, we understand, I think, (32:40) hurricanes and weather had an impact. But what about, in a competitive situation, the department stores hung in reasonably well this quarter and closed out the gap between TJX and an average fashion department store has narrowed and actually a little bit better than Marmaxx. So are you seeing the department stores be a little bit more promotional or a little more competitive?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Mike, I'll jump in on that. That, to us, has really been a nonissue. Again, if you look at the weather being half the puzzle here, I would say the other part would be our own execution internally. Again, some of it might have been the delay in our cold weather business and how we shipped those, but I really think the fashion component execution in a couple of our bigger areas is really more our own doing and more of what affected us than any external execution by any other retailer out there. We don't really see any indicators. And we look at metrics t try to find that and we see no sign of that. It's really more because we can kind of look at our  and dollar out and figure out where we've created our own issues and that seems to be the bulk of it, along with the weather being, certainly, a really significant part, obviously.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. All right. And then if I could just sort of change directions and talk about the margins, a number of moving parts this year. Is it too early to think about next year or maybe just, more broadly, longer term margins? We've had a couple years of declines. At what point do you think the total company pre-tax margin starts to level off and even show some improvement on an annual basis?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Michael, I'll jump in. I think in  too early, we'll go in certainly more detail on the February call in terms of that, but we were not expecting margins at this point for next year to be flattening out. But I think we'll address what our expectations are longer term where, I think, we certainly would be more optimistic, as right now, the two major factors that are dragging on our business, well, there's three, we'll  I'll address two, and Ernie can address the third. One, is wages, although moderating as we move through the year, this year, the U.S. piece is still what we would have expected a slight moderation, a slight headwind next year. Up in Canada, in the last couple months, the Ontario Province has a very big increase of $11.60 up to about a 20% increase. So that will make our wage impact at this point slightly down, but close to the same level of a headwind as last year. The DC or supply chain costs, although moderating again in this fourth quarter, we're still going to see impact of that going forward. At least for next year, it's going to be up a bit lumpy as we're still building out to support the strong store growth that we have. One of the factors that has impacted us this year is the average retail and I'll let Ernie address that.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes, we see that, Mike, moderating, as we go into the fourth quarter here. We've been talking about that before and, obviously, in the past, had hoped it would moderate a little bit sooner. This has  we also talked about is a bottom-up-driven dynamic, where our merchants really determine where the average ticket is going based on sales opportunities within their own areas. But as we look out, and we're getting visibility, obviously, as more of that's bought, fourth quarter specifically, the ticket is moderating. So we're feeling very good about that and that is, from an expense standpoint, and also from a ticket going out the door to help drive sales standpoint, it would be a healthy thing. So we're feeling good about that.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes, going back to the overall guidance, we'll, again, go in the fourth quarter, we still expect it, we've used the word tick-up to be slightly higher than the plan we gave this year of the 5%. So no change on that at this moment, although there are always a lot of moving factors, I'd say, share-based compensation and tax rates, obviously, still up in the air. But overall, we do expect our plans to tick up from what this year's plans were.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, that's very helpful color. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss. Your line is open.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. On merchandise margins, so product availability, you talked about being plentiful from your comments. And it's interesting because department store inventories actually seem to be more balanced. I guess, can you talk about the margin opportunity if pricing is more rational going forward in the marketplace? And how much, if any, do you really actually rely on the department stores for product availability these days?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So Matthew, that's a great question and one  we talk about it strategically around here a lot. One of the dynamics that has created the department store relativity to lessen is because there was such a strong ecomm business in the world. That includes branded retailers vertically with their own sites, yes department stores with their own sites. And so what has happened in terms of availability, the brick-and-mortar got, rightfully so, they're all trying to lean up their brick-and-mortar. But now, there is more goods, as you can imagine, online. So in terms of availability, it's really, that's just been a shift for us. In terms of creating an umbrella of value, that shift is actually a little bit more visible online. So it creates an umbrella of what goods are being sold, that allows our consumers to really look into that more easily than ever before. So that whole dynamic, first of all, the amount of goods in the inventory, I believe, a lot of that is a reaction to Internet business because many manufacturers want to be able to supply an Internet business as well. But it's a little bit of left pocket, right pocket, which is probably one reason, as well as we're continually opening thousands of new vendors. We're up to 18,000 vendors today. And that clearly helps drive that. So a long-winded answer to your question, we will continue to think, yeah, there probably is some margin opportunity, given all of those dynamics.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Hofkin. Your line is open.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Just a quick follow-up. If there's a way on the executional front, I don't know if you specifically quantified what impact do you think that had, you talked about weather, but on the execution front. And then I was just curious, you talked about the wage outlook. But given the announcement by one of the large discount retailers to bring their bottom of the scale up to $15 within three years, how does that affect what you'd think of as the wage trajectory the next few years?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So I'll start out on the wage. So we'll add no comment in terms of what other retailers are doing in terms of our adjustment. As I'd said, I think, at this point, we'll have a similar level of headwinds this year on wage next year, given the Canadian adjustment that I talked about on the earlier question. So that's about all, I think, we're going to talk about on the wage at this point.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And quantifying on things, that's just not something we give out. We don't break down the misses like that or what the dollars or the percent of the business is.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Other than, the only thing we think has been implied is that we had, the two points, and on top of that, what Ernie said, we gave up, we think we left additional business on the table.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Right.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe just regarding the recent pickup in the business. Is there any way to tell whether some of that is pent-up demand or early replenishment purchases following the impact of the storms?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I would say on that, Daniel, the good news with the recent trend is it's widespread across the businesses. So it's not just the cold weather business, which I'd talked about before. That is not the only, by any means, businesses driving our increased trend that we're seeing. So we're seeing it across all the families of business, which is very encouraging. We start to go from here into our major gift-giving posture for holiday, which, obviously, we're excited about every year, we do, I think, a really good job as we get to fourth quarter in terms of going after gift-giving. It's a place that we, I think, have executed better year-after-year. And we've also done a better job in our marketing year-after-year. So our goal there is just get them in the store. And because we deliver a lot of impulse buying throughout the store, we don't go after any one category anymore disproportionally than we do the year before, unless it's a hot trending category. So I would say the trends that we're seeing over the last couple weeks would bode well for the Christmas holiday.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Another way to talk on the sales is that, to address the pent-up demand is that the raw number is good. And it's also better than what we had planned, which we do take into consideration at the beginning of a month what our plans are going to be for the next month. So I can't go into any more level of detail.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Understood. Okay. Thanks very much.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the marketplace with brands doing some of their own, doing clearance online through their own websites and retailers, how that affects your business. Feels like that something's been going on for a couple of years, but maybe now some of these brands are going to realize that you can't clear effectively an online channel and maintain your full-price umbrella. Is that something you're seeing? Are you seeing that affect your business in any way? How do you think about that dynamic in context of the role of T.J. Maxx in the broader kind of fashion apparel marketplace? Thanks.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Great question, Omar. We're seeing that it's really supplemental to what's available in the market. It's not a market pie taker from us. It actually creates additional opportunities and we actually believe that's one of the pockets of business because liquidating goods that way for some retailers online is just, it's way more tedious than it is for them to sell the goods to somebody like us where we can ship it and sell it invisibly across 2,200 stores. And they get to hang with other brands in a very, how would I call it, conducive atmosphere that's actually a benefit to them in terms of their image and their brand. So we have been finding, and I think that's the nature of some of the increased availability is that more and more of those guys are realizing, the brands are realizing that they'd be better off liquidating with us than trying to liquidate on their own off their websites. So does that make sense?
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. That's helpful, Ernie. Thank you. And then I just also wanted to ask, you guys often display kind of the flexibility of the business model and the buying, keeping that open-to-buy open as late as possible. Was that an issue this quarter with the lack of the right fashion content? Was it somewhere where the kind of the flexible model broke down? Or is it just some decisions that were made that shouldn't have been?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. So I wish, believe me, I wish I could say yes to the first way you asked that, that it was a process breakdown and not available in the market. But in these couple of cases, it was absolutely a strategy and a fashion execution entirely under our control and had nothing really to do with the execution of the model. It was really a fashion misstep of our own doing. I wish I could answer you the other way. I would rather. Unfortunately, I can't. I would say this is just our own execution or lack thereof.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro. Your line is open.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Hey, everybody. Best of luck with the holiday season by the way.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Marni.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Thanks. Can you talk a little bit you focused a little bit on AUR. But is anything impacting AUR as far as mix shift in the stores for the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter? Or is this a markdown conversation? If you could just clarify that as well because I know it's been a conversation all year that you were trying to lower some of your prices. So I'm curious, just for the third quarter and the fourth quarter, what the story is.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. I think, Marni, it's a combination of a lot of things, but one of them being a mix issue, some of the departments that we are going after happen to be high-ticket. And it doesn't mean that we were forcing going after those. That's just the way it was working out, that those departments were high-ticket. Some of the departments themselves have their tickets going up. And what was  that was in a department last year. So in a couple departments, we evidently hit the bottom last year. And so we're seeing an improvement in like-for-like departments. But believe me, part of it is the mix of departments. We're going up in some departments that are a greater percentage that happen to be higher ticket. I do believe that the nature of the availability of goods and some better goods in the market is also creating our ticket going up. And that is happening in numerous families of business where we're finding some better branded goods to a greater degree than we would have had last year. And as that flows in, that also is, I think, contributing to our average ticket moderating for the fourth quarter. The good news is we've got visibility to it and we can see that it's heading that way over the next 30, 45 days. So...
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: And I think that's on the apparel side for the most part, correct?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: It is. It is in the apparel side for the most part. Yeah.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: And men's and women's?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Well, it varies by department in men's and women's. But mostly  I think we'll just leave it at mostly apparel.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Excellent. Congratulations. Best of luck for the holidays.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Marni.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I guess, Scott, my question for you was going to be  sorry, Ernie, I'll start with you. The fashion miss, I understand and appreciate you probably don't want to get into too much detail, but could you help us with maybe what category it was in? Did you buy too shallow? Did you buy too deep? Just trying to understand the dynamic there.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So I can't tell you what category it's in. And by the way, it was  it's in a few categories. It's not just one. And it wasn't about deep. It was about  it's when fashion can be the wrong fashion, or it can be too much fashion, the look itself can be too much fashion. And then if you have too much of that, and that applied to a couple of areas. And so, I can't tell you the areas, but it was really about that. So the goods themselves were too much on the edge and too great a proportion of the areas. Do you know what it means, like too big a proportion of the departments?
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it, got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then, just Scott, a quick follow-up to a comment you made earlier about not really  you shouldn't really expect margins to flatten out next year. I assume you're talking about a 52-week to 52-week basis, (50:05) margin, is that correct?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Everything I was  everything I said was adjusting for the $0.11 out and then taking out and adjusting at the benefit we got  the 20 basis points benefit we got on 53-week versus 52-week.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much. Scott, I wanted to ask about inventory. I'm wondering if you can help me close the gap between the 4% decline that you talked about in inventory, excluding in-transit, e-commerce. I think, you said that was on a per-store basis. That 4% decline versus what we're seeing on the balance sheet, it looks like about a 7.8% increase in total inventories. So, can you just help us sort of understand how to get from the plus 7.8% to the minus 4%?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes. So, yes, you're exactly right. I'll just take a one minor step, is, on a constant currency basis, it would still be the same delta, 7% on the balance sheet versus the second quarter where we'd be on a constant currency minus one. So, that 8%, and that's why we did the excluding, when you did on a per-store basis, where the variance between the second and the third quarter is a bit less than  it's 2% or slightly less, where we're down 6% versus down 4% on a per store. It's entirely  virtually entirely due to the change just in in-transit. So, the in-transit was up significantly in the end of the third quarter versus being down in the second quarter. So  and the definition of the in-transit is, those are goods that are arriving, that are not booked in, but are arriving basically within the week into your DC. So, a lot of fresh goods coming into the DCs at the end of the third quarter, obviously, flowing out to the stores right now. So, entirely due to the in-transit inventory and that's why, I think, the better metric is looking at the all-in, excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, on a per-store basis.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen. Your line is open.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I was curious about the nature of the opportunities in apparel. What's the framework for which ones will be easier and quicker to course correct versus longer-term in nature? And then, another topic was just the topic of customer engagement and loyalty. What's your vision for where the opportunities are here and how you want to pursue it in a way that's unique to you and the off-price business model? Just curious about where you see that going over time and what customers want and how you balance engagement versus value versus delivering what customers want with those programs? Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Okay, great. Oliver, on the apparel areas, in terms of course correcting, again, the other advantage to our business model is nothing takes very long, and the areas that are of the few areas we're talking about, two out of the three are fairly flexible and close order. We buy so much so soon and close in, in those areas. And then, even the third one, relatively speaking, might take an extra month or two. But nothing as long, like nothing will drag into pass the fourth quarter at all. I think, most of it gets corrected in over the next 30 days, actually. So, that's just the nature of the way we buy. It's another advantage when we stub our toe, we are able to fix things pretty quickly. And, as I said, there isn't even one of them, even the other one I'm thinking about could take an extra 30 days beyond that. But two out of the three are being fixed as we speak and where we will see improvements on them over the next few weeks. So, we're feeling really good about that. And that would apply, by the way, if it wasn't just apparel, even in our  some of our accessories or hardline business or home area, we can generally react and fix execution issues pretty close in. So, it's really not just an apparel thing. Loyalty has been, obviously, we had it in the script, that's been a very positive program, which we have been pushing in every division. And even in the divisions where we don't have the hard credit card, our soft rewards programs there have been growing aggressively. And our customer growth in the loyalty is actually up significantly this year. We'll continue to be pleased with the metrics, by the way, that  we look at the metrics associated with our U.S. credit card program. Loyalty will be going on our apps at varying times over the next year, which is going to be interesting, because many customers have been asking about that. We've been in the mobile space, really trying to institute a global mobile app roadmap. And we currently have mobile apps for Maxx, HomeGoods and STP, where, as you know, from all of those retailers around us, whether it's coffee shops or traditional retailers, the ability to interact and connect mobile marketing to reach consumers is continuing to become greater an importance as we move forward. So, we are putting a strong push on that in every one of our divisions. But we're really trying to get the loyalty program on our apps over the next year that we have in place because we think that will be our next surge that we can really look forward to in driving our loyalty programs.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, I'd just add a little, Oliver, that as Ernie said, the loyalty program or the credit card program in the United States is very healthy that we offer to Marmaxx, HomeGoods and Sierra Trading Post. We started in the third quarter a loyalty program in the UK, early days, but have added hundreds of thousands of people signing up for that. So, too early to talk about the results, but, I think, it's something that will benefit us as we go forward to the fourth quarter and beyond. And we feel good about the overall marketing campaigns, both for digital and TV on the broadcast and what we're doing in digital in the fourth quarter across-the-board.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: And Ernie and Scott, you've always done a great job at gifting, like, every year I've been very impressed. So, do you have any rough thoughts on what will be incremental this year versus last? That's our last question. I'm just curious about these catalysts, because I'm sure you're going to do a really good job as well, but I'm curious about what might be different.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: When you talk, Oliver, in terms of different gifting, are you talking about impact at the store level or...?
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah, in terms of what you're most encouraged about as you look to fourth quarter and what we should focus on as key catalysts in addition to what sounds like impactful marketing programs across social, the statement around gifting or other ideas, initiatives that are different versus last year?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah. So, we  it's one of the areas I am most proud of our teams on, because they work at our holiday gift-giving in an extremely cohesive team approach. So, it's from our merchants, our supply chain and our marketing team and the field executives  our store guys are phenomenal about this. So, what happens is, the merchants, I would say, one of the big pushes on their end is to deliver freshness even later into December, which we do every year better so, and we've done it the last December, and it's very successful. That applies to Marmaxx, HomeGoods, Europe, Canada, every division has a mission to flow freshness later. Secondly, internal execution, signing packages, customer service, turning customers through the registers and is expedient a format as possible, also a big push for us. Thirdly, our logistics supply chain, we are all over and, I think, we've talked about this at various investor meetings; we have improved on our ability with our supply chain to process goods and get them from the vendor to the stores significantly faster than we ever had before. So, what that has allowed us to do is, when we keep some of the  keep some of our open buy for the holiday gift-giving open and there's great gift-giving buys in the marketplace, we can actually get them in pre-Christmas for that late shipping better than we have ever been able to do it before. And the marketing, what I'm pleased about, and this is also for holiday gift-giving, I guess, you would call this incremental like you call that, Oliver, is, we continue  we're going to obvious continue to emphasize our standout values. But we are  we stay the course. We stay the course on going after diverse customer base. We don't try to pigeonhole and go too narrow. Every format, we're going to try to talk about the many ways that we're going to provide value. We talk about our model in the marketing, which is to get away from a less chaotic shopping experience and have authentic value. And you know indirectly in all of our marketing will be basically explaining that we don't do a high-low in our business and that we're going to provide a true value to consumers. So, three out of the four big business, I know, have a campaign that will continue to educate consumers. And then, lastly, one thing I'm very happy about is, we're going to continue to, obviously, spend a lot more in digital, which are all, yes, the younger audiences, but more people in general are watching digital and there's more impact there. But we're pleased because a lot of our growth in new customers has been with younger customers under the age of 34. So, a lot of those things are in play for fourth quarter in the gift-giving time period, and we're thinking we have the guns loaded, so to speak.
Operator: And, thank you. At this time, I'd like to now turn it back to our hosts for closing remarks.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Okay. We would like to thank all of you for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our year-end earnings call in February. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-08-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Deb Holmsen - Investor Relations Ernie Herrman - Chief Executive Officer and President Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Michael Binetti - UBS Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Oliver Chen - Cowen Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Omar Saad - Evercore ISI
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, August 15, 2017. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, May. Before we begin, Deb have some opening comments.
Deb Holmsen: Thank you, Ernie and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 28, 2017. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor section. Thank you. And now, I will turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am very pleased with our second quarter results. Consolidated comp store sales were up 3% over a 4% increase last year and above our plan. Once again, customer traffic was the primary driver of our consolidated comp increase. Earnings per share were up $0.85 also above our expectations and merchandise margin was up again this quarter. We believe our second quarter performance demonstrates once again the strength, consistency and flexibility of our off-price business model. We continue to deliver healthy sales and comp increases in a shifting retail landscape with volatility in traditional retail and growth of online in general. We are particularly pleased with the performance of both our apparel and home categories. Our outstanding values in the collective merchandise mix continue to resonate with consumers and drive shoppers to our stores. We remain convinced that we have been growing our customer base and gaining market share at each of our four major divisions. The customer is clearly telling us that brick-and-mortar retail continues to be an essential part of the shopping experience and certainly when it is executed right with the right values. All of this gives us confidence in our long-term global store growth potential. Across the company, we plan to open approximately 260 stores this year alone. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth. Looking ahead, we have many growth initiatives planned for the back half of the year. The marketplace is loaded with quality branded merchandise across apparel and non-apparel categories. And as always, our management team is passionate about achieving its plans and we will strive to surpass them. We remain very confident that we can continue to successfully grow in both the U.S. and internationally. Before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie and good morning everyone. To reiterate, we are very pleased with the strength and consistency of our comp increases and traffic gains. Again, consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% over a 4% increase last year and were above the high-end of our plan. Further, customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at each of our four major divisions. As a reminder, our comp growth excludes our e-commerce businesses. Diluted earnings per share were at $0.85 and also above the high end of our plan. The combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange negatively impacted EPS growth by 8% versus our expectation of a 4% negative impact. Also wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by 2% as anticipated. The change in accounting rules for share based compensation was slightly favorable to EPS. We were very pleased that our merchandise margin once again increased in the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in transit and e-commerce inventories were down 6% on a constant currency basis. We are very pleased with our lean inventory position and our liquidity and are setup very well to flow fresh merchandise to our stores throughout the back half of the year. Now to recap our second quarter performance by division, Marmaxx comps were up 2% versus a 4% increase last year. Segment profit margin decreased 50 basis points and merchandise margins remained healthy. Segment profit margin decreased primarily due to additional supply chain costs as a result of flowing more units at a lower average ticket and a negative impact from wage increases as expected as well as expense de-leverage on the 2% comp. We remain confident in our full year outlook for Marmaxx and have many initiatives planned for the back half of the year to drive traffic and sales at our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another excellent quarter of comp growth with a 7% increase over last years 5% increase. Segment profit margin was down 80 basis points primarily due to a decline in merchandise margin. This was driven by increased freight costs which were largely a result of our new distribution center. Importantly mark-down and mark-on in total were favorable. As we anticipated increased costs associated with opening more stores including our new HomeSense concept and wage increases also had a negative impact on HomeGoods margin. These headwinds were partially offset by expense leverage due to HomeGoods strong comp sales. We are thrilled with our consistent comp increases and traffic gains at this division. TJX Canada comps increased a strong 7% over last years 9% increase. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 180 basis points. This was primarily due to strong merchandise margins which benefited significantly due to the year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar as expected. We are very pleased that all three of our Canadian chains delivered great results again this quarter. TJX International comps increased 1% in the second quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 60 basis points. This was due to a very strong increase in merchandise margin despite significant headwinds from the year-over-year decline in the British pound. This is a testament to our off-price model, our opportunistic and disciplined buying and our flexibility to adjust to a challenging retail environment. TJXs international strong merchandise margin increase was partially offset by supply chain costs and wage increases as expected as well as expense de-leverage on the one comp. In Europe while sales were not as strong as we would have liked, we continue to believe we are performing better than most major European retailers. Further we are happy with the product availability we are seeing for brands in this environment. In Australia TK Maxx once again delivered very strong sales results as our values and brands continue to resonate with the Australian customer. I will finish with our shareholder distributions. During the second quarter we bought back $550 million of TJX stock retiring 7.5 million shares. We now anticipate in buying back 1.5 billion to 1.8 billion of TJX stock this year. Further through our dividend program, we returned $201 million to shareholders in the second quarter representing a 20% increase over last years per share dividend. Now let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our third quarter and full year fiscal 18 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks Scott. Again, I would like to reiterate that we believe our strong second quarter results underscore the strength consistency and flexibility of our off-price business model. Looking forward, we have great confidence in our continued successful growth around the world for many years to come. Our key pillars for growth remain driving comp sales and customer traffic and our global store expansion. Our consistent strong performance tells us that our strategies to drive customer traffic and comp sales are working. Further, we see enormous global store growth potential for TJX. We have plenty of white space or markets to fill in throughout our current countries. Long-term, we see the opportunity to open 5,600 stores with just our current banners and thats about 1,700 more stores than we have today. We continue to see store openings as an attractive investment and a very good use of capital. We are convinced that these growth drivers will allow us to continue to capture additional market share both in the U.S. and internationally. Now, I will review some of the key reasons for our confidence. In a retail landscape that is changing with volatility and traditional retail and the growth of e-commerce in general, we see TJX as very strongly positioned. I will cover why we believe consumers love to shop our stores, why we are so confident we will always have quality product available to us and how we will be driving growth through innovation. First and foremost, we offer shoppers outstanding values and merchandise. While so many retailers are chasing value today, value has been our mission since the beginning. I believe the growth of online retail overall has heightened the visibility of our off-price values for consumers. Our values continue to be a tremendous draw for shoppers to visit our retail banners, further for us, value was more than price. Our value proposition is a combination of brand, fashion, price and quality. Our world classifying team with decades of experience clearly understands true value. Next, we ask consumers in a collective merchandise mix that is ever-changing. This newness and freshness encourage consumers to shop our retail banners frequently. Again our world classifying organization sources from the universe of over 18,000 vendors globally to seek up the best deals on quality fashionable goods. This allows us to offer savvy shoppers, curated selections from around the world in both apparel and non-apparel all at amazing values. We see our treasure hunt shopping experience as an advantage. As today shopper spends more on personal experiences, particularly millennials they constructed dollars further in our stores in both our apparel and non-apparel categories. We are very pleased that across our major divisions we continue to capture a broad age demographic with new shoppers skewing towards younger customers. We see this as a great indicator for our future. We are convinced that our brand and fashion assortments give consumers compelling reasons to shop our stores. Further, we focus everyday on creating an entertaining in-store experience for consumers. We aim to surprise and delight our customers every time they shop with us. We are convinced that in an environment where e-commerce in general is growing, the ability to touch and feel the merchandise, shop for a wide variety of brands and items under one roof and take home that same day remains a tremendous draw. With our rapidly turning inventories there was always something fresh and exciting for our shoppers to discover. We continue to upgrade the shopping experience through store remodels and listening to customer feedback. We have made our stores easier to shop and believe we are presenting our merchandise better. We are proud of our customer satisfaction scores and remain focused on always improving them. In addition we know consumers value their time and we aim to locate our stores in convenient, easy to access locations. In the U.S. and Canada our stores are generally located in off-mall strip centers where consumers often visit weekly or even multiple times per week. We believe that with a number of convenient locations TJX has, we are top of mind for consumers. Next our flexible store formats allow us to respond quickly to changing consumer preferences. About half of our overall sales are in non-apparel categories. And we have had the ability to expand, contract and add new categories based on what consumers are seeking. Finally, while e-commerce represents a small portion of our overall business, we see it as complementary to our very successful brick-and-mortar business in another way to drive traffic. We are successfully differentiating our online offering from our physical stores, which gives us  gives customers a compelling reason to shop both channels. Now, I will move to our confidence and our ability to continue sourcing quality branded product. Over our 40 year plus history availability of merchandise has never been an issue for us. Our worldwide vendor universe affords us enormous flexibility. And there are many reasons we see ourselves as an attractive outlet for vendors. We believe we have some of the vendor relationships in the retail industry. We pride ourselves on building mutually beneficial long-term relationships. We are constantly working to make our current relationships even stronger and forge new ones. Opening new vendor relationship is a high priority for our buyers, so we can constantly introduce new and exciting brands in our stores. Additionally, we are leveraging many of our existing vendor relationships by offering more of their products across our retail banners. Our buyers are in the marketplace throughout the year and we are able to buy in many different ways. We can purchase less than full assortments of items, styles and sizes as well as quantities ranging from small to very large. We believe the key reason vendors like doing business with us is because we pay promptly and our approach is not to ask for typical retail concessions such as advertising, promotional or return allowances. Next, with 3,900 plus stores today, we are growing successful business with a global presence in an uncertain retail environment. We saw branded merchandise and vendors know their product will hang next to other great brands in our stores. We also offer vendors ways to grow their business and access to new markets bringing U.S. brands internationally or vice versa. Further, we can help brands grow or penetrate more markets because our stores are located across many urban, suburban and rural areas. Lastly, we are flexible on our dealings with vendors. We dont advertise their brand names in our marketing, also with our wide and shallow merchandise assortments and rapidly turning inventories there is very little visibility of their brand names in our stores. At the same time selling just two units a day at each of our TJ Maxx and Marshall stores would allow a vendor to move over 1.5 million units a year. Okay. Now, I will move to driving growth through new seeds and innovation and update you on a few initiatives. First, we are very excited about the opening of our first U.S. HomeSense store in Framingham this week to encourage customers to shop both our U.S. home chains. We are highly focused on differentiating them as we have successfully done with TJ Maxx and Marshalls as well as Winners and Marshalls in Canada. HomeSense will look and feel very different from our HomeGoods chain. HomeSense has rooted in inspiration and discovery and will complement HomeGoods by offering expanding categories such as large scale furniture lighting and art. It will also include new departments like a general store which will offer organization and hardware items all with an element of fashion. We are extremely excited about some of the new categories and surprises for this concept and believe will be delighted. At the same time certain departments like kids and pet will be featured only at HomeGoods. We believe an enormous opportunity remains for us to gain additional share in the U.S. home market. We are confident that shoppers are going to love our new HomeSense stores. Next, we have successfully opened more than 20 HomeGoods stores with an existing larger Marmaxx stores. But its still early. We are pleased with the above planned sales of this group of stores. We are now planning to convert an additional 10 Marmaxx stores to this format this year. This initiative will bring even more HomeGoods stores to new markets more quickly and efficiently and increase our overall HomeGoods openings to almost 100 this year. Again, we are seeing great opportunity for the future of our company within the U.S. home sector. In Australia shoppers are loving TK Maxx. The initial feedback tells us that our new marketing campaign and great values are resonating with Australian customers. As Scott mentioned sales continue to be very strong in Australia. We are just getting started in Australia and are confident that we have a significant opportunity to grow our market share in this region. In closing I would like to emphasize that the key advantages that I have discussed today are all built on our 40 years plus of experience in building, developing and refining our off-price retail model. While we were trying to keep our business simple and focused, the ability to operate and highly integrate international  to operate a highly integrated international off-price retail business doesnt happen overnight and we believe would be extremely difficult to replicate. We have decades of experience to build international teams and infrastructures that we see as key advantages. We believe our buying organization of more than 1,000 associates is best-in-class. We have great longevity among our buyers which we attribute to our very strong corporate culture. Our worldwide vendor universe also took us decades to build. We see ourselves as a global sourcing machine. Our processes, systems and logistics are all built to support our off-price opportunistic buying. Further, we have been operating internationally for well over two decades and are the only major international off-price apparel and home fashions retailer. Again, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and we are excited about our opportunities for the second half of the year. We believe our gift-giving offerings will be even fresher this year and we love our marketing campaigns across the divisions. As always, we are passionate about surpassing our goals. Now, I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. I will begin with our full year fiscal 18 guidance. As a reminder, the guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal 18 calendar, which we expect will benefit full year EPS growth by approximately 3% or about $0.11 per share. On a GAAP basis, we now expect fiscal 18 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.89 to $3.93. Excluding the benefit from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.78 to $3.82. This would be up 7% to 8% versus the adjusted $3.53 in fiscal 17. As a reminder, we have a few factors impacting our expected earnings per share growth in fiscal 18. First, we continue to expect that wage increases will have a negative impact to fiscal 18 EPS growth of about 2%. Second, we now expect that the share-based compensation accounting rule change will benefit fiscal 18 EPS growth by about $0.06 or 2% versus our previous expectation of $0.08. After FX assuming current rates, we now expect the net impact of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange with a neutral impact on fiscal 18 EPS growth. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $35.6 million to $35.8 billion range, a 7% to 8% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a positive impact to revenue of approximately 1.5% due to the 53rd week and a neutral impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. We are continuing to plan a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis. The comps by definition exclude the 53rd week. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 11.2% to 11.3%. This would be down 20 to 30 basis points versus the adjusted 11.5% in fiscal 17. The 53rd week is expected to benefit the high-end of pre-tax profit margin by approximately 20 basis points. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% compared with 29% last year. The 53rd week is expected to have a 20 basis point benefit to gross profit margin. Our plans also assume we will maintain our strong merchandise margin. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 17.6% versus 17.4% last year. We do not expect the 53rd week to have a significant impact on full year SG&A expense. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 37%, net interest expense of about $39 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 647 million. Now to our full year guidance by division, sales and pre-tax margin guidance on a 53-week basis. At Marmaxx, we are expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $22.3 billion to $22.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.8% to 13.9%. At HomeGoods, we now expect comps to increase 3% to 4% on sales of $5.1 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.5% to 13.6%. For TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 3% to 4% on sales of $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion. We are raising our adjusted segment profit margin guidance excluding foreign currency to a range of 14.3% to 14.4%. At TJX international, we are expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $4.8 billion. We are raising our adjusted segment profit margin guidance excluding foreign currency to a range of 4.6% to 4.7%. Moving to Q3 guidance, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.98 to $1 versus last years $0.83 per share. Excluding last years debt extinguishment charge and pension settlement charge, Q3 EPS will be up 8% to 10% versus the prior years adjusted $0.91. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 1% due to wages. It also includes a 3% benefit to EPS growth due to the combination of foreign currency and transactional FX and an additional 2% benefit to EPS growth due to a change in accounting rules for share-based compensation. We are modeling third quarter consolidated sales in the range of $8.8 billion to $8.9 billion. This guidance assumes about a 1% positive impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Third quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 11.3% to 11.4% range versus the prior years adjusted 11.7%. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 29.2% to 29.3% versus 29.5% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 17.8% versus 17.6% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 37% net interest expense of about $10 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 644 million. Our third quarter and full year guidance implies a fourth quarter comp increase of 1% to 2% and EPS of $1.25 to $1.27. Again, we expect the extra week in the fourth quarter to benefit fourth quarter EPS by about $0.11 per share. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Its important to remember that our guidance for the third quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the third quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Kimberly Greenberger. Your line now is open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great, thank you so much and thanks for all the detail. Ernie, I was very interested in your commentary of the availability of inventory and one of the questions we commonly get from investors is that there are some large publicly traded brands that seem to be cutting back on their inventory, but with 18,000 vendors obviously that makes it much easier for you to lets say maneuver your inventory purchases to where you see most appropriate. Is there any impact that your buyer  are your buyers seeing any impact from reduced inventory levels as some of the larger brands and maybe you could just help us understand how reliant or maybe not reliant TJX might be on your top 5 or 10 vendors? Thanks so much.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, good question, Kimberly. And obviously, we get this fair amount from different people asking similar variations of that question. First of all, we have not experienced the cutback with our major brands. It varies by brand, but overall in terms of the branded content and the ratios of all of our bigger programs throughout all the businesses, we if anything are having to manage our flow and our buying pattern there to not buy too much too soon, so we have not experienced that. I know  and we are aware of where it gets reported and in some specific cases, some of those brands are cutting back, but then other big brands oftentimes have more than what they are talking about or more than if they are staying quiet there can be more out there than you know about. And secondly you mentioned it in your question, we have a wide  we have a wide universe of brands, 18,000 is what we are saying publicly warrant admission to consistently open more brands. So, with all the different categories and I did have that in the script, actually in the prepared remarks that we not only are buying for more brands, but from the existing brands we are buying more categories and into new divisions. So, some of that brands get expanded to other divisions that werent necessarily being put in the other divisions. So, I guess we are bit of an island on this front. We know whats going on in the environment, but we have no pattern of less availability that we see that we have any visibility to. Again, it varies by brand. We could have one brand down one year and another up, but in terms of major brands we probably have more flow today than we have ever had.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thanks, Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Binetti. Your line is now open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for all the detail and thanks for taking my question. Obviously, you guys have been very happy for a long time with the contribution to your same-store sales from the traffic increases that you have been seeing. I guess, its just natural to think about that as you guys get bigger and bigger within the marketplace. Is the traffic and the unit growth being such a big contributor, but obviously thats got a higher cost component. As you look forward through your business and you see the margin compression maybe on Marmaxx and the HomeGoods side over the last 1 year and 1.5 years. Do you see a point in the horizon we are driving your EPS aspirations mid single-digits underlying this year and I think you want to try and pick it up a little bit over the next few years? Do you see a few obvious levers of ways that you can stabilize the margin or maybe increase it if same-store sales, stays in about the range we have been seeing lately?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, this is Scott. In terms of the overall pressures, you are right among the ticking up. We did say that. And again just to be clear, no new news here. We said it would tick up at the beginning of the year and tick up when we gave our initial guidance based on the 5% EPS growth that was given at that time. So, no news there. In terms of the fundamentals of the business, I think that from the external factors, the major thing would be the wage moderation going in terms of that is moderating a bit, a little bit lumpiness in the supply chain. In terms of other factors, one of the biggest thing thats been weighing at least for the last couple of years is the average retail. And I think Ernie will address that in a moment. So, that has been a major factor. And other than that, no news to report, but we have alluded, we are always working on ways to increase efficiencies within the business, whether its in the supply chain stores and generally, we will talk about that more at the year end, but certainly we are working on things, but nothing that we would at this point go through in anymore detail I will probably talk about that more at year end. So, I think the major things that are slowing down are the wage and the average retail, but I will let Ernie talk a bit more about that.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Michael and we have been saying this for a bit and it has not moderated as much as we would have thought, but we see it as some of our hottest categories the way its worked out have been in lower average ticket areas as well as the environment has certainly with the opportunities that we have gone after from both fronts. We have ended up with lower average ticket. And this by the way tends to be a Marmaxx discussion, but we see that as moderating as we move forward. We thought it would have moderated more quickly over the last half really and it hasnt. Having said that, we have talked about this many times, this is a bottom-up strategy, it is not a top-down strategy in the company and we drive it from our merchandise managers and buyers down at the family of business area, where they want to ensure the right value and excitement level and we believe its directly tied into the market share and strong sales for example this past quarter that we are having. So a bit ambiguous on the average ticket thing. I know I think you were asking a bit about merchandise margin as well there. We are happy  certainly, our merchandise margin we are very happy with whats been going on there and we have had years and years of healthy merchandise margin improvements, but we were  Marmaxx especially and we were very happy with the way that came in, in this past quarter. So, in terms of going forward thats a place where yes, its always challenging compare app, but we think over time we still can make inroads there. So, hopefully between Scott and I answered your question.
Michael Binetti: You do. I will let somebody else step on. Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss. Your line is now open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and nice quarter. So, is the gross margin delta between the third and fourth quarter, should we think about that primarily the occupancy leverage just given the extra week in the fourth quarter? And then on the merchandise margins is this continued apparel disruption, does this present an opportunity for you guys to turn goods even faster and just any changes that you potentially made in the way you allocate in season versus pack away I think would be really interesting?
Ernie Herrman: I think Scott is getting
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, in terms of the gross profit particularly the third quarter, we see merchandise margin continue. We have been outperforming our merchandise margin plans as we have moved through the first and second quarter compared to original plan right now. We have a flattish merchandise margin. So, the gross profit margin, the de-leverage there is essentially due to the same thing we have seen most of the year and thats just supply chain costs in the DC is a little benefit of hedge offsetting that. So in terms of we still see a strong merchandise margin in the back half with some de-leverage due to supply chain, nothing really changed there.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Matt, in terms of the  I think you asked about turning faster potentially given I guess what you are getting out is the opportunities that could be in the marketplace right given the business around. And I would say that I am not sure it will turn significantly faster. In substance, we are turning so fast as it is, but there might be some margin opportunity in that situation where yes, certainly apparel across the markets is not healthy and so that could yield some unusually good opportunities, but that is one reason in the prepared comments we talked about the loaded markets that are out there, which isnt just apparel, but it is potentially yielding I think some margin opportunities that we are hoping will reap the benefits of. And that probably wont just be apparel. The interesting one place where its very visible is if you look at our Europe business this past quarter, we had just a phenomenally healthy merchandise margin come through over there. On a one comp, we delivered, Scott, I dont know if you have that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, sometimes the big difference here between the reported margin and the ex-FX, we were up 60 basis points, we were up significantly in our merchandise margin despite actually being negatively hedged going into the quarter. And just as a reminder, the pound dropped significantly after Brexit last year. So, the hedge rates were unfavorable, but the buying opportunity which I think Ernie was alluded to was just really opened up for us.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And I am so product of that team and when you have that environment in that situation the sales are just okay to be able to leverage that really speaks to the model of our business that they have held their powder dry, their commitments, their open buy was liquid and its really classic off-price 101 where that team was able to execute and have such a healthy merchandise margin in an environment like that where everybody is struggling and managed to that and come out clean at the end of the season. So, I really took my hat to that team in Europe.
Matthew Boss: Great. And Scott, just in the fourth quarter, the extra week, am I thinking about this right, its 80 to 90 basis point benefit, because I think you said 20 basis points to the year through gross margin. Is that right?
Scott Goldenberg: We didnt give it to the quarter, but it was 20 basis points to the year. So, we havent  we didnt detail that out.
Matthew Boss: Okay, thanks. Good luck.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Drbul. Your line is now open.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. On the supply chain costs, where are we in terms of the investment and how much longer do you see that pressuring the overall business? And when you look at the store opening plan that you have, are the economics improving on a lot of these new stores and how are you hitting through on the new store in a four-walled contribution with the openings?
Ernie Herrman: So, I will jump in at first on the supply chain. Supply chain, we dont have detailed plans rolled out yet for the go forward. I think that the only changes from the beginning of the year to now looking forward, its a bit more lumpy, but primarily two things running Ernie had indirectly addressed. The first one is a lot will depend on how average retails move, but as ever retails have gone up, certainly puts a bit more pressure primarily on Marmaxx for us to do certain whether its more things that cost us more money in terms of the supply chain on a go forward basis. Whether thats moving forward a DC earlier than we would have thought or using some outside third-parties to produce some goods for us. In terms of the other piece of that as we have ramped up the HomeGoods and the performance there, also making the sets that they are providing a bit earlier than we would have expected the distribution capacity for that chain. Those really are the two things, so a bit lumpy, lumpy going forward. And the only other thing is just this past week, actually Sunday, we opened up a new distribution center in the UK, in Wakefield, which will weigh a little on our margins for the next few months as we have some duplicate storage and other costs, but we think it provides a great environment for us on go forward and we dont see any need for distribution capacity in Europe at this point for the near future. In terms of store openings, we are opening as Ernie said 260. All of them meet the hurdle rates that we have 12% or better that we plan for our return on invested capital. We by and large have been hitting overall our sales plans, so whether its this year or going back, I would say the one thing that we have talked about from time-to-time is from a overall we dont get the benefit  the same benefit for a new store they would have 5 years ago as there is a bit more cannibalization in some of the stores, built its built into our models. And the second thing is the average size of the store at this point. The volumes of the stores are not at the chain average, so you dont get the same benefit on a per store basis that you would as with the chain average. Other than that, before well profits over time get to be similar for similar volume stores, the one caveat is you are paying obviously current market rents versus the benefit we get of the old rents. So  but the actual performance is similar in stores in terms of the ramp-up of the comp sales over the first 5 years. Again, the only difference would be the volume based differences.
Bob Drbul: Great. And then if I could just ask the question on the category, one of the categories where there is always a lot of commentary and discussion for the off-price channels handbags, I was wondering if you could talk about how that category is performing and any inventory availability that you are seeing in that specific area?
Ernie Herrman: So Bob unfortunately, we do not give specific category performance information out there publicly. So we like to keep that stuff in-house so to speak.
Bob Drbul: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is now open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask specifically about the HomeGoods margins, understanding there are some DC pressures there, but margin did get mostly worse versus the first quarter on a better comp, so I am just hoping if you could go through some of the moving pieces and how we should think about them going forward?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Thank you, Lorraine. Good question, a bit nuance, obviously when you are looking at the first quarter performance, I am assuming you are referring to the  we had a three comp in the first quarter and we are down 10 basis points versus the down 80 basis points on the 7% comp this year. Both quarters were impacted by some of the supply chain and wage pressure, so no new difference in the base, but we did have more freight costs, significantly more freight costs this quarter in HomeGoods, primarily due to some additional West Coast sourcing and product mix differences that were significantly different than the first quarter. The other thing is with us opening up 20 more stores in the second quarter, 23 versus three last year and 50 stores in the third quarter. We had a bit more pressure for both on the margins and with the pre-opening costs in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Also with  as Ernie talked about HomeSense, we have the HomeSense opening and the related costs not just to the store, but obviously organizationally and otherwise that we had. And then there was some timing of expenses more to do what happened last year versus this year causing some just I would call timing of differences between the second quarter and third quarter. Going forward, most of the pressure we didnt go detail by division obviously. We gave the full year guidance on HomeGoods, but most of the pressure going forward is related to the supply chain and the wage pressures and always to be determined on what will happen with where the goods are sourced.
Ernie Herrman: So, Lorraine, I would just jump in also as we are talking about margins and Scott, I think would reiterate this that the merchandise margin, Scott, has been very healthy.
Scott Goldenberg: So, excluding the freight, which obviously is included a piece of that in, but excluding that the markdown and mark-on were actually favorable in total.
Ernie Herrman: Right. And so you combine that with obviously the sales, which we are absolutely thrilled with and the way our new stores are performing, we have already opened 40 stores so far this year. And as we mentioned on track to be close to 100 all-in, I think some of these expense issues are shorter term and we are excited about where we are headed with the profits with HomeGoods expansion here and the sales obviously being the number one driver.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Oliver Chen. Your line is now open.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thanks. Congrats on a great quarter. Our question was related to speed in your supply chain, are there any initiatives you can speak to in terms of what you are focused on whether it be the manufacturers of the buyers of the floor or the DCs and editing speed further you have done a really great job with that? And also a related question is the inventory management as you continue to make progress and enter new categories, what are your thoughts around your inventory management programs and where there could be opportunities? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Oliver, I guess I will start here and Scott can jump in. First of all, on speed, we have talked about this at actually some of our meetings. We have over the last Id say 5 to 10 years really made great progress literally all across the supply chain from the time the buyers writing the purchase order in our logistics era how quickly we move the freight to processing and our distribution centers to the outbound freight to the stores and then we turn the goods around even faster in our backrooms to get them on the selling floor and that applies to every single division thats from Europe to domestically in the U.S. Marmaxx, HomeGoods, Canada, our strong concerted effort, so that we have been able to really chop off, I would say, a couple of weeks of turnaround time from the time we write the orders with the vendors to the time it hits the stores. That has yielded  it has yielded in an off-price business the ability for our merchants to buy good later and more current with more knowledge, but even at the peak selling times where we would have had a window close on us and the ability to buy goods. So, at Christmas, for example, we are able to buy a couple of weeks later towards Christmas than we ever had before over the last handful of years. So thats something the teams are always looking at and we dont go public with what next iterations can allow us to tweak and improve it even further, but we are consistently on that mission. Again, it isnt always  its not always the production of the goods, supply chain sometimes its in the stores how we handle the goods and get them on the floor. The field has done a great job on that as well. Inventory management has obviously been a big push for us for a long time now, probably last 10 or 15 years in terms of how lean and how we like to turn, we have gotten on markdown rates in extremely healthy positions not sure actually how much level we want those to go, because you want to make sure you are always taking the markdowns aggressively and driving top line and driving market share, which has been a key focus of ours for numerous years now and continues to be as to what we have talked about with the average retail discussion earlier, we dont want to give up on gaining market share. So, our inventory management I think you will see us tweaking it by division. I think our planning and allocation systems and talent we have there gets the talent level that we bring in and that organization continues to improve and we are looking at always improving best practices there, but I dont see that as a substantial move over the next few years, I see it as a tweak in terms of improving on our inventory management.
Oliver Chen: So thats really helpful. The other the last question we had is on mobile, what are your thoughts on your customer in terms of what you may want to do with mobile and how that may interplay with bricks and clicks and then the obvious overlap with so many people shopping at Amazon, just curious on mobile given that it has such an important factor in relation to online traffic in general?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Oliver we can  are you talking about  Oliver, you are talking about mobile payments or just mobile marketing?
Oliver Chen: Mobile marketing and customers using mobile phones as methodologies to look at pricing and?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. So we are continuing to intensify our investment there. If you look at we launched our HomeGoods app back a while ago and we are in the process now looking at additional apps within the business. If you look tjmaxx.com as well as SDP, we are doing more and more business off our mobile sites. But we are  we have a concerted effort to look at more and more marketing off of our mobile devices and digital. So our digital spend in marketing is by far the biggest increase over the last few years as we downplayed other media spend, probably because we are getting  we are trying to get to the younger costumers. And actually, its not just an age group situation because a lot of us, myself included use your phones and use your laptops significantly more than ever in the past. But we arent at the stage of some of the retails that obviously have their apps for purchasing in the store. We are not there yet, but I think we are making in roads.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Best of luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Oliver.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question Lindsay Drucker Mann. Your line is now open.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks. Good afternoon everyone. Scott, I think that you said that Marmaxx de-leveraged fixed costs excluding the I guess the wage and the supply chain stuff on their two comp and I was curious what the leverage point is for Marmaxx and if you think that you can get the leverage point down or if we should be thinking about Marmaxx shooting for a better than two comp ongoing in order to stay in margins there. And Ernie as a follow-up, you are talking about market share gains being a priority, could you talk about how your stores performed in areas that were near to a close Macys or Penny or other close retailers and whether those outperformed or performed differently than the rest of the fleet and if you are gaining market share as a result of competitor closures?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think a bit in terms of this quarter being somewhat similar the major at Marmaxx you would  in a world where merchandise margins were flat you had no wage pressure or supply chain pressure, you need approximately a three comp to be flat. Clearly, we have had both wage pressure and some average retail pressure. The average wage pressure obviously going down so there will be a little less pressure on the P&L going forward, average retail, Ernie early talked about earlier, so you would clearly need a bit more than a three comp at this point to hold your margins flat given that we still have some wage and some supply chain pressure due to the average retail. But the plans have been put, so I think that answers your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: So there is no effort to bring the leverage point down?
Scott Goldenberg: Again, I think we will talk about more year end where there are certain things that we are going to trying to do, but nothing that we would talk about at this point in time.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Okay. Thanks. And on the market share and on the performance and market where you had close competitor stores?
Scott Goldenberg: Nothing noticeable as we have always talked about that in years past.
Ernie Herrman: So we have and Lindsay I think some of that is because of all of the dynamics. Even if you look at I think you are mentioning of a Macys close or something, some of that has been we have had comps in a lot of those markets even before the closure. So we see some ups and downs even when  even when other off-pricers go in or off-pricers or other retailers go out, its been really tough to see any noticeable trend.
Scott Goldenberg: Maybe another way as well, I mean certainly in terms of with the department store, the department stores share in both brick, their total sales are  they have certainly the brick-and-mortar sales have been going down for quite some time. So, there is some change with the store closings, but overall this is the bigger change is still in place. So, again, nothing thats noticeable to us when we are looking at the results.
Ernie Herrman: Some of it might have to do with the distances people travel etcetera. So, what happens is there is so many store closures like in the U.S. over the last 2 years that there is so much noise thats tough for our guys to analyze on a pickup. Obviously, our businesses have been good. So, we must be getting market share. We just dont know exactly is it coming from which specific retailer probably a little bit from everybody.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Got it. And if I could just sneak one more in, last quarter, Ernie, you called out weather as a potential drag that led to the disappointed comp sales, weather was tough around Memorial Day in some key markets did you notice that in your business as well, was weather an issue for you this quarter?
Ernie Herrman: So, what I would say is absolutely Lindsay first quarter it hurt us the weather at that time period, you can feel the iterations in the weather, but overall at least for us in the quarter, I think the weather ended up being pretty neutral.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And moving for your final question of the day, we have Omar Saad. Your line is now open.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Great quarter. I wanted to ask a question about younger consumers in the growing fear of digital disintermediation competitive pressures from digital marketplaces. It feels like that younger consumers, the one that might be most exposed to shifting online, but I am curious if you guys are seeing that, your exposure to the younger consumer is less than it was 5, 10 years ago or are you seeing digitally enabled millennial embracing the channel? Any insight there might be helpful for us to figure out whats happening?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Omar, we have been seeing more of our newer customers at younger ages. So, we have  by the way we have been consciously going there. Our media spend on digital media formats is way off as we have taken down other forms of marketing as well as if you look at the areas in our business that we have gone after, they are oriented towards younger demos. So, we have actually  we have not been experiencing that I think for some other brick-and-mortar formats without getting into it I could picture falling into more of a challenge there. But we strategically go after this discussion that you just brought up all the time. We are talking about all the time. I would tell you our person who is in charge of marketing is always on that mission to reach out to the younger demos, because for our future thats important. I think in my prepared remarks actually, I brought that up as how we were bring in more younger customers.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So at all of our major divisions, our percent of new customers has skewed towards the younger customers in the 18 to 34 age group. And in most cases, we are actually over-indexing in that group versus the actual age of the overall age of the population whether you are in U.S., Canada etcetera. Thats been something that we have been tracking and doing it and has been happening for number of years.
Ernie Herrman: Its a great question, Omar, because we actually anecdotally we want to go after that customer base for the future. And one of the feedbacks that we get about our stores now was its like an entertaining type of experience in the treasure hunt and its become more of a cool place to shop is why I believe we are having success going for the younger customer and believe me, we are going to keep that as a focus going forward because we want to remain an entertaining treasure hunt type shopping experience to appeal to that customer, which by the way tends to like many of us have a shorter attention as we have all talked about whether you are watching multiple media formats, watching TV, watching your phone at the same time, that our format of shopping appeals to that person, because it allows them again entertainment form of shopping experience.
Omar Saad: Its an interesting data point that that digitally enabled millennial is choosing a channel thats predominantly physical. I appreciate the update. Thanks, guys.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Just, Omar, the only other thing is that we are trying to integrate as much as we can. Our marketing message in terms of integrating to make sure they understand or multi-channel shopping opportunity they have particularly at TJ Maxx. So I think again and as Ernie said a lot of it goes back to the brands and fashions being more on point for the younger customers in the last few years. So thats it. Thank you very much.
Omar Saad: Got it. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Alright. Thank you all for joining us today. I look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you for participating.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-05-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Deb Holmsen - Assistant Vice President and Senior Regional Real Estate Director Ernie Herrman - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank  Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Randal Konik - Jefferies Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday May 16, 2017. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Ash. Before we begin, Deb have some opening comments.
Deb Holmsen: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Company's results and plans are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 28, 2017. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing-operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor section of our website, TJX.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, TJX.com, in the Investor section. Thank you and now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks Deb. Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me start with our first quarter results. Consolidated comp sales increased 1% over the last years strong 7% increase, and was driven by customer traffic. Earnings per share were $0.82 versus $0.76 last year and above our plan. We achieve the high end of our comp sales plan despite unfavorable weather in parts of the U.S. and Canada compared to last year. While sales were not as strong as we would have liked, we were pleased to see that the trends improved as the quarter progress. Further we are convinced that we are growing our customer base and gaining market share at each of our four major divisions. Our first quarter results speak to the flexibility and resiliency of our off-price retail model. Our teams across all divisions did an excellent job taking advantage of the favorable buying environment and managing inventory levels, which help drive an increase in our merchandise margin. Further we flexed our stores and adjusted categories throughout the quarter as we responded to customer preferences. Looking ahead, the second quarter is off to a solid start, we are in a terrific inventory position and a plenty of liquidity to take advantage of marketplace that is loaded with quality branded goods. We remain confident that we will achieve our plans for the year and as always, our management team will strive to surpass them. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers. Scott.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, consolidated comparable store sales increased 1% over a strong 7% increase last year. The first quarter comp increased was at the high-end of our plan and driven by customer traffic. As a reminder, this comp growth excludes our ecommerce businesses. Diluted earnings per share increased 8% to $0.82 versus last year 76 and above our plan. This is mostly due to the change an accounting rule per share based compensation, which benefited EPS by $0.03 over last year. Further, the combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange benefited EPS by 7%. Wage increases negatively impacted EPS growth by 3%. We were pleased that our merchandise margin increased in the first quarter as a result of our opportunistic buying and disciplined inventory management. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were down 7% on a constant-currency basis. This compares to a 7% increased last year, when we had a higher level of pack away. We are happy with our liquidity and are well position to take advantage of the plentiful buying opportunities in the marketplace. Now to recap our first quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comp were flat versus a 6% increase last year. As Ernie mentioned, we had unfavorable weather in certain U.S. regions compared to last year, which we believe negatively impacted sales. Segment profit margin decreased 80 basis points. This was due to expense deleverage on the flat comp, the negative impact from wage increases as expected and additional supply chain costs as a result of flowing more units at a lower average ticket. Merchandise margin increased, which is testament to Marmaxx discipline buying and flexing of categories where trends were stronger. We are confident in our full-year outlook from Marmaxx, which is unchanged. We have many initiatives plan to drive traffic in sales and the organization is highly motivated to surpass our goals. HomeGoods comps increased 3% over last years 9% increase. Segment profit margin was down 10 basis points. As we anticipated, wage increases and supply chain costs associated with opening our new distribution center had a negative impact on HomeGoods margin. We are very pleased with the comp increases and traffic gains we continue to see at HomeGoods. TJX Canada first quarter comps grew 3% over a 14% increase last year. Again, we believe unfavorable weather in parts of the country versus last year dampen sales. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 130 basis points. This was primarily due to costs related to opening or new distribution center which opened last year as well as transactional foreign exchange. Once again we were happy to see all three of our Canadian changed perform well during the quarter. TJX International comps were flat in the first quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 180 basis points. This was primarily due to expense deleverage on the flat comp, supply chain and IT investments to support growth and wage increases. In Europe, we believe we continue to perform better than most of major European retailers despite the challenging retail environment. In Australia we were pleased to see T.K. Maxx deliver very strong sales results. I'll finish with our shareholder distributions. During the first quarter, we bought back 350 of TJX stock retiring 4.5 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.3 billion to 1.8 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 20% in April, marking the 21st consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I'll recap our second quarter and full-year fiscal 2018 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Scott. First, I'll review our growth initiatives which give us confidence that we can capture additional market share around the world. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales. We believe tremendous opportunity remains again additional market share in the U.S. and internationally. To further grow our customer base, we are targeting a very wide range of shoppers through our integrated approach to marketing. We want our retail banners to be visible wherever consumer are looking. We are also growing our loyalty programs to drive more frequent visits and encourage more cross shopping of our chains. As always we are committed to upgrading the shopping experience. We are on-track with our store remodel program and are always looking to customer satisfaction. Most importantly, we plan to continue adding new brands and exciting fashions at amazing values. As the e-commerce, I'm pleased with the progress we have made in some of the initiatives, we put in place over the last year. These includes centralizing key business groups, leveraging systems and talent and transitioning Sierra Trading Post online business to offering great off price values every day. While e-commerce is still a small piece of our overall business, we see it as complementary to our stores in another way to drive incremental sales and traffic. We plan to continue adding new categories and brands to each of our sights while differentiating the merchandize mix from our stores. We are encouraged that on average our TJX Rewards card holders are spending incrementally more when they shop both online and in our stores. Next innovation is the key, we are always testing new ideas and initiatives across the company that could drive future growth. I would like to take a moment to update you on the initiatives we discussed on our year-end call. First, I'm pleased to share with you today that name of our new U.S. home concept. It will be called home HomeSense. We plan to open our first store in late summer with a few more stores slated for the fall. HomeSense will offer consumers a different mix of home fashions from HomeGoods, but at the same grade value. This approach has been key to our successful growth at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in the U.S. and Winners and Marshalls in Canada. Further, we will be leveraging many aspects of our existing organization, including our distribution centers, supply chain, global buying organization and many other areas. We believe, we are significantly underpenetrated in the total U.S. home market and enormous opportunity remains for us to gain share in this space. We are excited to bring HomeSense to U.S. shoppers and confident they will love it, just as much as they love HomeGoods. And our last call, I talked to you about our initiative to bring additional HomeGoods stores to the market more quickly and efficiently by opening them with within existing Marmaxx locations. We converted several of these locations in the first quarter. While it is still early, we like what we are saying with the initial sales at both the HomeGoods and Marmaxx size of these stores leading our plans. We are thrilled to offer HomeGoods as eclectic mix of home fashions to additional U.S. shoppers. In Australia, we have successfully converted our Trade Secret stores, T.K. Maxx and we also kicked off our new marketing campaign. We continue to TJX size of the business by leveraging the existing organization to implement best practices, add new brands and become even better at shipping to our stores. We believe, all of these actions will help us attract a broader set of value-oriented customers. As Scott mentioned, Australia sales performance in the first quarter was very strong and we are just getting started. We cannot be more excited about the opportunity in Australia and we are confident that shopper there are going to love T.K. Maxxs terrific brands and values. Im confident that our focus on innovation will keep us differentiated from the rest of the retail world and will help us achieve our growth goals. Our next major growth driver is our enormous global store growth potential. We are confident that we can continue to successfully open stores around the world. Long-term, we see the potential to grow to 5,600 stores at our four major divisions with just our current change and our current markets alone. As a reminder, we expect to open approximately 250 stores across the company this year. This includes further testing of our Sierra Trading Post brick-and-mortar format with 15 additional store openings planned across the U.S. this year. Additionally, Im excited to share with you that we are also opening our first two HomeSense stores in Ireland this summer. Shoppers in Ireland have enjoyed a great merchandise in values to T.K. Maxx for over 20 years. We are confident they are going to love the eclectic mix of home fashions that we will be offering at HomeSense too. Let me take a moment to reiterate the reasons for our confidence in our long-term store growth targets. We have decades of operational expertise in the U.S. and internationally and our real estate team takes a disciplined approach when selecting and opening stores. Our methodical approach has resulted in very successful store openings across all our geographies with only a handful of store closings in the last several years. In the current volatile retail environment when many other retailers are closing. We are in a great position to be opportunistic and take advantage of the best deals available. Moving on, I want to underscore the key strengths that we believe will continue to differentiate us and allow TJX to grow successfully from many years to come. First is a world-class buying organization with more than 1,000 associates. Secondly, we are a global sourcing machine buying merchandise from a universe of over 18,000 vendors in over 100 countries. Next, we have built and continue to refine our global supply chain, distribution network and IT system to support our highly integrated international off-price business model. Fourth, we are capitalizing our global presence. Lastly, we operate on of the most flexible retail models in the world, which allows us to part customers across a very wide customer demographic. All of these strengths give us confidence that we will able to continue the successful expand around the world while delivering shoppers an eclectic mix of merchandise at amazing values. To support our growth initiatives and strengthen our leadership positions, we continue to make significant investments in the business, this includes investing in our global supply chain, IT infrastructure and new seeds as well as continuing our investment in new stores, remodeled and talent and training. We are convinced that these investments will allow us to capture additional market share in the long-term. In closing, we feel very good about our business today and there is always are working hard to surpass our goals. We see many opportunities to grow our customer base in U.S. and internationally and have many initiatives still to drive sales and customer traffic. Our off-price treasure hunt offer consumers and exciting differentiated shopping experience, this has been key to our success in many types of retail environments, including the globe and e-commerce overall. We have a clear long-term vision and are excited about our future as we continue to grow TJX is the only major international off price retailer in the world. Now Ill turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. Then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. I'll begin with our full-year fiscal 2018 guidance. As a reminder, this guidance includes 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar, which we expect will benefit full-year EPS growth by approximately 3% or about $0.11 per share. On a GAAP basis, we now expect fiscal 2018 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.82 to $3.89. Excluding the benefit from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.71 to $3.78. This would be up 5% to 7% versus the adjusted $3.53 in fiscal 2017. As a reminder, we have few factors impacting our expected earnings per share in fiscal 2018. First, we continue to expect that wage increases will have a negative impact to fiscal 2018 EPS growth of about 2%. Second, we continue to assume the share based compensation accounting will change will benefit fiscal 2018 EPS growth by approximately 2% or about $0.08. As to FX, assuming current rates, we expect the net impact of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange will have about a 1% negative impact on fiscal 2018 EPS growth. This guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $35.3 billion to $35.6 billion range, a 6% to 7% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a positive impact to reported revenue of approximately 1.5% due to the 53rd week and a negative impact to reported revenue of about 1% due to translational FX. We are continuing to plan a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis. The comps by definition exclude the 53rd week. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 11.1% to 11.3%, this would be down 20 to 40 basis points versus the adjusted 11.5% in fiscal 2017. The 53rd week is expected to benefit the high end of pretax margin by approximately 20 basis points. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% compared to 29.0% last year. The 53rd week is expected to have a 20 basis point benefit to gross profit margin. Our plans also assume we will maintain our strong merchandise margin. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.6% to 17.7% versus 17.4% last year. We do not expect the 53rd week to have a significant impact on full-year SG&A expense. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 36.8%, net interest expense of about $40 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 650 million. Now to our full-year guidance by division. Sales and pre-tax margin guidance are on a 53-week basis. At Marmaxx, we are maintaining our full-year comp and margin guidance. We are expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $22.3 billion to $22.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion. We are increasing our segment profit margin guidance to a range of 13.4% to 13.6%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. We are raising our adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, to a range of 14.0% to 14.2%. At TJX International, we are expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $4.7 billion. We continue to expect adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 4.3% to 4.5%. Moving on to Q2 guidance; we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.83 versus last year's $0.84 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 4% due to the combination of foreign currency and transactional FX and an additional 2% due to wage increases. It also includes a 1% expected benefit to EPS growth due to a change in accounting rules for based compensation. We are modeling second quarter consolidated sales of approximately $8.2 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both the consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Second quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.3% to 10.5% range versus 11.6% to the prior year. We are anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.6% to 28.7% versus 29.4% last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the 18.1% to 18.2% range versus 17.7% last year. For modeling purposes, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of 37.9%, net interest expense of about $10 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 652 million. Its important to remember that our guidance for the second quarter and full-year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Lejuez. Paul your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks guys. Can you talk specifically about the drag form wages this quarter, you mentioned what it would be in the second quarter. Can you talk about where you expect for the second half of the year, does it become less of the drag? And kind of same question from, on the DC side, you have some pressure this quarter. Can you quantify that, what would be in the second quarter and again into the back half of the year? Thanks guys.
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Thank you, Paul. Ill start by getting a few of the changes in some of those major components. We havent literally given at the back half. But the first quarter EPS drag was approximately on wage by 3%, it moderates every quarter from a basis points, its in the mid-30s goes down to like the mid-20s in the second quarter and then we have a 1% EPS impact in the back half. So it moderates every quarter. We cycle our wage initiative in the second half of this year and so what we are left with as we move into the back half is the state and local mandated wage increases. So in the full-year its 2%, but moderating in the back- on the full-year, so moderating for 1%. The DC deleverage is pretty equal in the first and second quarter, moderates just ahead in the second quarter equal to almost 30 basis points. But moderates to almost slightly down in the back half. So a big difference of significantly less deleverage in the back half of the year versus the first two quarters. As we open that DCs last year and HomeGoods and Canada in the first half of the year and this year we also have a DC in the UK opening up in the second quarter. So those are obviously the big changes on a deleverage.
Paul Lejuez: Got you and then any color on February versus March, April any additional color you can give us there and if the improvement that you saw was traffic driven and the comp metrics? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Paul, its Ernie, Im jumping in here. We had obviously as we called out a weather dynamic going on there. Interestingly if anyone looks back last year. In the first quarter, we called out that we werent as actually good as we reported, we talk about that our sales were helped by the weather. So this year really the one comp, which we would like to do better than that was jump back to weather. I would say that there was no other noise or affect that we could really decide from that, we had a couple of areas that in Marmaxx, we think we could have left some business on the table and maybe for next year we will be able to do a little bit better job there. And I would say that also applies in Europe. But in terms of any fundamental dynamic, you added calendar shift with Easter and that obviously was normal and we planned on that and that kind of played out the way we thought it would, but the business did get better as the quarter went on, so sales did accelerate as you went into April beyond what was just a holiday shift. So hopefully that helps you.
Paul Lejuez: Yes. Thanks you guys and good luck.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Thanks good morning. Thank you. Wanted to ask a little bit more color on the home category, you are obviously launching HomeSense, you got HomeGoods, home has become a bigger part of the Marmaxx business. It sound like you are adding home good space to Marmaxx, stores may be converting, some stores. How do we think about this kind of broader shift thats been going on in the business and now it seems to be accelerating for may be more the traditional apparel and footwear and accessory types categories more towards the home category. Is this reflection of your view on the market place, is home may be a category where there is less competition, less internet, disintermediation, may be help us think about why you are so - obviously the businesses are performing certainly well, but why you are clearly so bullish on these categories. Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: Well great question Omar, well you pointed to a couple of it. We think we are uniquely positioned in a way we execute our home business from a product standpoint as well as and a store experience. So our home customer, shop HomeGoods or HomeSense in Canada or HomeSense in Europe, they are truly going into, I think one of the most impulsive treasure hunt experiences that is out there anywhere. And its not just a matter or utilitarian product, right we have so much passion driven home product, when you look at our deck here in the center of the store, all those different categories there and you look at the sizing from small items to large item categories. HomeGoods is really one of the ultimate shopping experiences we believe and one of the most differentiated retail formats from any other retail format I think thats out there. When we look at the results clearly that would be pointing at something over the last few years, I think in terms of going forward that home is a driver for TJX. We as you pointed out home has been a little stronger than apparel especially when you run into weather time period like we just had, but regardless of that we had such consistent home performance across all of our home businesses and thats not just in the free standing thats in the full family stores as well, that we think its untapped potential going forward, which is why HomeSense the newly announced HomeSense brand which will come out toward the end of the summer is just something we are still excited about. We also have one of the most, I would say broadly based, closely working buying teams in all of retail that really differentiates us from whatever the competition can do in terms of the way we source home product. So when you look at the product thats in our store, off course we buy it, but we think nobody can replicate the fashion at the quality level that we have in our home business. And thats the reasonable we are bullish on it, we think strategically this is not a short-term vision, this is something we plan on using as a market share opportunity as we look out over the years to come. So that you are going to be hearing a lot about this over the next five to 10 years and it won't be just as a short-term timeframe initiative, obviously when we are launching a brand, so you really hit the nail in the head with your question. We also the things we like about HomeSense is it leverages from an efficiency standpoint, the central organization and HomeGoods right away just like Marshalls did up in Canada. So I dont want to take the whole call up with all of this about, but as you can tell we are excited about it and we can't wait for the first store to open. We will be getting out some news on when that happens. Aside from that we continue to be happy about our existing home store business and these convergence stores have just really, really have been strong. So we are nothing but pleased and excited about the opportunity to continue to open more of our existing HomeGoods stores at an advanced rate.
Omar Saad: Thanks for all the color Ernie. Good luck. Appreciate it.
Scott Goldenberg: You are welcome Omar.
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you good morning. Just one quick clarification on the second quarter gross margin guidance. Is the bulk of that declines is driven by FX?
Scott Goldenberg: Hi Lorraine its Scott. Yes, so on an ex-FX basis just drawing up to the big picture for a second that we have a impact in the second quarter of 4% for translation and FX and no one has asked the question. We also have a bit of the timing versus at least our own original plans on having less share based compensation in the second quarter as we are a bit over planned compared to the full-year. In terms of gross margin, as you said that the gross margin in the second quarter are getting impacted by the hedges in the second quarter and the distribution center, but expenses that I talked to. So those would be the two largest decreases on the 70 basis points to 80 basis points decrease. Merchandize margins are planned flat to slightly up, so again its the opposite of the first quarter where we got a big benefit of the hedges and similar amount of distribution supply chain expense . In the first quarter, we had a bit more a drag on the gross margin or the buying and occupancy because we have the one comp. So I hope that answers your question. But yes, it's basically almost the flip of the hedges benefit we had in the first quarter to a decrease from the second quarter on the gross margin.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Great, and then you talked about HomeSense having a different mix of home fashion. Can you give us any more clarity on what that looks like and how will you make sure that the concepts are different enough to avoid cannibalization?
Ernie Herrman: So Lorraine I can't unfortunately give you today we will not go public today with the major differentiated categories. However, literally right around the corner and I would tell you as we said late this summer, probably in August you will be able to go to a nearby store and what we will tell you right now, we are going to have a store right now we are framing in which you will be invited to and you are going to see firsthand. So basically in three months you can see dramatically different shopping experience, and when I say experience, I mean talking about the families of business that we are going to carry down the depth that we are going to carry and the way we are going to present it and the way it will be serviced from our sales associates in the store that will be very different in HomeGoods. So you will be able to actually an August, you can see in back-to-back, you can see HomeGoods and you will be able to see a HomeSense and see an extremely visible our different while somebody would want to shop both. I just cant today, we dont want to go publicly with what the big category differences are and design differences in the store, as well as obviously we will have the different marketing program and different graphics. And actually operationally they are being differentiated as well, the way customer will check out in the store, where they check out in the store.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Okay. Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baker.
Michael Baker: Hi. Thanks. Just wondering how you guys think about market share. So you are certainly better than department stores, but some online only competitors i.e. Amazon seems to be growing faster than you. So how do you guys think about your apparel market share and are you gaining, losing or maintaining your share?
Ernie Herrman: Mike, great question. We have information sources, we track and we are still gaining apparel markets there in the U.S.. And I think our total market share is going up also. Now, Im sure what is happening. If you look at all the sector, retail sector information you will see that yes online growth rate is by far the biggest. But if you look after that, I think it will show you that brick-and-mortar is the healthiest. And so by definition a lot of the other pockets of apparel market share that are being taken away from many different other formats of which I dont name them, but you know what they are. And so what happens is we are still gaining apparel market share not at the rate that I think we are gaining total market share. But we are feeling great about that and again Im likely in the way that we are beginning the second quarter, because I feel like we are in a good place the way we are starting off here as the weather has broken into May and just believe we would continue to gain market share in Q2 on offense as we come off categories.
Michael Baker: Understood. And as a follow-up. Do you think your gaining share, is it mostly from immature stores or how do your older stores perform relative to your less old stores?
Scott Goldenberg: Mike, this is Scott. Yes. So again pretty consistent for the last several years, Ill take Marmaxx largest division obviously the result in Canada and HomeGoods, the results in all the stores virtually have been pretty high comps. But in Marmaxx where the stores are 10 to 15 years old, 15 to 20, 20 to 25, they are slightly less than the total average comp whether you go back last year, the year before, but they are pretty darn close. So there is not much of a drop off once you maintain your old store to the 30 old store and we think largely has to do with making sure that all stores get treated equally and we keep the renovations and the remodeling of the stores pretty much on schedule. So obviously these stores that are in that one to five year age group had a higher comp than the rest, but thats been pretty similar in terms of those comps that you get benefit for and for years to being higher. But overall stores perform good 10 to 30 years old.
Ernie Herrman: The other encouraging thing is I think - as our opening of new stores, not mainly retails are opening as many new stores which obviously we are selling a lot of apparel in our new Marmaxx stores, which were at a healthy run rate of opening new stores there. And so that is additional and above the comps granted, I know they are new, but its additional market share gain on the top line.
Michael Baker: So in other words last year you had 20 to 25 real stores that were compping in the high four range.
Scott Goldenberg: I would say they vary from two, three, four, but everything was - no matter what the age group, they are all strong comps.
Ernie Herrman: Mike and the other interesting thing we have been able to do on the old store discussion, as we have been aggressive on our remodels, so when we know a store is still in a very viable location or strip center right Scott? we are pretty aggressive on the remodel of it to keep it up-to-date and we have been more and more aggressive on relocations over the last few years. So if there is a down the street a more desirable center, we will relocate. So by definition we are keeping an eye, we are almost making sure that we dont erode on our older stores, because we are investing in them one way or the other.
Michael Baker: Understood. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Ernie Herrman: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Ike. I have a more broader question. Could you talk may be a little about the dynamic between the wane apartment store category and your model, as they need to become more promotional could that end up being a headwind for your guys.
Ernie Herrman: Hi, we actually believe not because of the growth ironically, the growth in e-com is almost taking the place and validating our comp values, taking the place of the traditional brick-and-mortar e-com business. So what is happening now is and this is actually a benefit for us is the visibility of branded apparel and specialty store website as well as the departments stores with their own online websites. A it makes it easier for us to see the out to door value are, because its right in front of you, you can go right to the screen and see them. But B, its actually validating and making it easier for us to please that our value gap between us and them as well as showing the credibility of both exact items is something that we can please really well. So to speak as well as the customer has a frame of reference on what the goods are at and what retail. So if we didnt have the e-com to help validating to create the frame of reference, I think we yes to your point, first of all the more promotional department store along with those may be less as ability of them, but I think what is happening they head and start point promotions, it's so much the promotional thing that worried us, it would be the lack of visibility but thats being offset with the e-com presence strangely enough. So thats working for us. Does that make sense?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes it does. Great, thank you so much.
Ernie Herrman: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks good morning everyone. Wanted to ask on merchandize margins at Marmaxx. I think you said that they were up despite the sort of flattish comp. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on sort of magnitude of improvement versus what we've historically seen and whether the rate of improvement decelerated with the weaker tone f business in 1Q, but you are looking for that to reaccelerate in the back half of the year going forward?
Scott Goldenberg: Hi Lindsay, it is Scott. The merchandize margin it was a strong merchandize margin, I wouldnt say it was at to the same levels of the prior year, but it was still up nicely. Would it been up a bit more had we not had the zero comp at Marmaxx. So the mark on was strong and we took a bit more mark downs given the comp level, but overall we came in pretty close to where we had planned. We actually had the merchandize margin planned up, it just came in slightly less, but still very positive and again a bit of the pressure on the margins on the gross margins that we had a bit more average ticket decrease that impacted the gross margin at Marmaxx. And as we move out we are not giving detail by division, but we still expect the merchandize margin to be flat to slightly up against what as you know has been very strong merchandize margins over the last several years.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Great, and then Ernie if I could just follow-up on a comment that you made earlier which was that April was strong even more than you would expect from a normal holiday shift, and you are feeling very good about the start to 2Q. Is there just any more color you can give us because the guidance for 2Q and your enthusiasm for April and May there is a bit of the mismatch. So I was just hoping to get a better understanding maybe benchmarking of how trends have been running of late?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Lindsay I would say that the weather the s really the driver of that for both months. when the weather heads we could see the business kick in, because as you can imagine the apparel areas build the benefit of the weather, so in April it wasnt just the holiday shift we believe that the weathers got better, but it's been a bit of the rollercoaster ride. Having said that, May was really with only two weeks and really not great weather, we are pleased with how are starting off here.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Okay, great. Thanks so much guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. So inventory exiting this quarter was 10% below your sales trend. I guess Scott how should we think about this spread going forward? And then I would be curious, what is the lead time today between the buy and win goods at the floor. Are you making any changes with the open to buy just given all the lateral disruption and store closures that are happening around you?
Scott Goldenberg: I'll just give a few of the technical and Ernie will give the color on the this one. the total inventory of the 7% decrease once you exclude the pack away that we had less this year than last year would have been down in the low single-digits. And again, the store level the inventories which we've been pretty consistent on, it was exactly where we wanted to be pretty much across the Board. So in terms of the inventory levels, so by definition, the decreasing inventory versus last year were in a distributor center. Im going to turn it over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Matthew, a couple of thoughts on that. First of all, the inventory at the minus seven is actually a good thing based on what you brought up is actually I believe your second question is what is going on in the market with all of the disruption or whatever you want to call it. Clearly, there is more of an unusual amount of much measurability that we are having the buyers take advantage of. And as usual, we are actually having to hold our selling back to ensure that we dont buy too much too soon. The good news is and Im very proud of actually all the divisions to be able to come out of the quarter with the sales warrant for whatever reason, we are not up to where we normally would be and then come out with this liquidity and leaner inventory. Just shows you the level and what is they are executing how this business model is. I know it doesnt so much something you would be exciting about having in the one comp. But for us, having the one comp showing that liquidity is we have the weather situation, showing the liquidity is in such a good situation. And like Scott said, that doesnt mean, just because of inventories are down seven, does not mean that we cant manage the store inventory, which is actually only a couple of points up. So we are very excited about all the in season close out opportunities that we are going to run into right now. So pack away really arent for us, something that we overlay manage it, spot and time, we dont overly manage it year-after-year, it depends on which vendor comes out at which time. And again this is really an apples-to-apples comparison at spot in time, look at pack away that way and the environments change, we are actually in season close outs in many cases or less desirable if not more or so. Even from a margin perspective as pack away have been.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. Ernie, can you just touch on the international business, not as much time spent on it during the call. But what are you seeing from product availability and just the customer reception to the concept as you guys your building scale?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Well, so first of all, let me start with your last point first, which is, yes we are building scale there. What you are aware of, as we look out a year or two. So we are starting to reduce our store opening slightly. So as to deal with some of the unknown. So like to do with anything but we are confident is greater, Brexit has created a little bit of unknown situation there. So we have taken pedal off on the new store opening just a little bit or cuts those back 10 or 15. And really we are looking at - the vulnerability over there is really been more in the UK. Because our main land Europe business has been very healthy and its in the UK and I think this is part of where you are getting at. We are seeing and its a little bit of an unknown with Brexit in the UK. So we are kind of wait and see mode, dont want to be too aggressive on what is going on there. Our sales have been to your point softer there in the UK helping and main land Europe. If you look at the market share gain though on that report on our flat business or zero comp, we were gaining market share by a pretty considerable degree of amount in the first quarter again. So we are feeling good about our business relative to the market place. We are just trying to play it more cautious on some of the things that are going on there and we have so many great other opportunities that feel like growing improved in TJX with HomeSense and our home business and our Marmaxx business where we think we are heading over the next balance of the year, so hopefully that makes sense.
Matthew Boss: Yes it does. Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brian Tunick.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Brian thanks for taking our question. I guess a question on the impact of store closure than the liquidation sales that are going on through the quarter, long-term we think of price and TJX of course will be a net beneficiary of this sales donated by closed stores, but in the near-term just through this liquidation period, did you see any impact may be on traffic, the flat Marmaxx comp came in at the low end of guidance, [indiscernible] you nicely beating your guidance last few quarters. But just wanted to see may be these liquidation sales were an impact there.
Ernie Herrman: I would say no, we seen no impact from that and I would still just go back to on Marmaxx, it was still more weather. And may be a couple of areas of business that we could do a little bit job on ourselves. I would say that was 90% of it and really no impact from store closures.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then I think earlier you mentioned that you might have less some business on the tables for Marmaxx, if can you provide any more color on that may be.
Ernie Herrman: That would have just been in couple of categories, I would still say weather is by far the biggest issue, but there would have been a just a handful of departments where we think we could probably do a better job on flowing certain types of goods. We never give those specific departments, but this I think you would know us from the past when we focus on a area that we feel like we need to do a better job in that area, we end up executing better. We are in the Marmaxx team who has always driven to exceed expectations as certainly diving into those, it was really just three or four areas that I'm talking about and again that wasnt major, weather was still the major impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Randy Konik.
Randal Konik: Yes great, thanks a lot. Quick question on the super store kind of format, just want to get some clarity on how many do you have in Canada, it sounds like a bigger opportunity in United States, just maybe you could just give us some prospective off the super stores you kind of have open, what does the productivity look like from a differential prospective per foot versus regular type of store and what is the reality of how much of the Marmaxx fleet you think you could turn into a super store type of format leveraging the home advantage. And then just lastly, if you can give us some perspective on your real estate philosophy around HomeGoods verses HomeSense because you said, its compelling enough for the consumer to want to shop both format, would that be indicative of you would be looking to put HomeSense and HomeGoods in the same strip center in some locations just curious there. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Sure Randy, few question Scott and I will both try to tackle these, let we start up again with the last one very easy to answer. We are absolutely looking to have them both in the same centers or nearby thats one of the reasons because some of the category that will be in the HomeSense and some of the exact items, will not be a HomeGoods, so the customer will shop both. So by the way the example that we pointed out and framing in here it is literally its one Plaza across a street. I guess you would say it's about a quarter mile away from our HomeGoods. And the other three sites we are doing ones in a same center and the other two are within I believe a mile. So that's exactly the idea. Two is on the conversion you are asking about, are you asking about the conversion or super stores that already exists because we have both.
Randal Konik: I'm just trying to get some sense of if you add these concepts together what kind of productivity lift can you start to see versus the core and this is strategy where you want to almost look to combine some of this stuff you have a dual name plate structure where you can get just added extra productivity versus a single format Marmaxx because of the idea that the home business seems to be really turning a lot faster than the apparel type of the business.
Ernie Herrman: Okay, so first of all I'll let Scott jump in the segment. But just to understand our apparel business also turns fast not as fast as home, but it's extremely fast its like a few ticks slower. The other thing is we for years have had HomeGoods and when they were opened new a lot of stores were started and with stores with both brand in them some call it super stores and some have a different name but the stores are basically together. And then recently what we've done is this idea as we are taking existing Marmaxx stores where there is no HomeGoods in the market or not nearby and adding it after the fact, so you would not do that in some cases where there is already - the limitation on that is if you already have a HomeGoods say in the same center you are not going to have then go out a HomeGoods into the Marmaxx because you already have a HomeGoods nearby. So strategically we are able to look at the chain and we are not prepared yet to say how many of these we would do I think Scott wants to jump in here as well.
Scott Goldenberg: We are limited I think it's exactly what Ernie said, we are limited that by what Ernie said where we already have HomeGoods, but a vast majority of the 2,000 plus Marmaxx stores are of such a size that you couldnt carve out a HomeGoods and be able to have a full service Marmaxx and then a full service home for HomeGoods. So we are taking a technical opportunity where we have larger format. Marmaxx, where we can get the benefit of still feeling we have the appropriate mix for Marmaxx and could have the close to the expanded HomeGoods and thereby yes we do think we will have higher productivity in the store you get a lot of new customers for both badges and thereby having the same rent in the same overall square footage but we think higher sales thus far I think as Ernie alluded to we are seeing an absolute higher productivity in these stores that we converted.
Ernie Herrman: Which was a key part of your question right, are we are going to get a lift in terms of productivity and yes that is part of the idea.
Scott Goldenberg: To answer your question though, pick both Canada and the U.S. we do opened stores and have been opening stores in Canada recently or at least plan to open up stores in Canada where we will open up a Marshalls with our HomeSense or Winners with our HomeSense where we dont have one of those both boxes already and we open up just a big overall box and get this. We see the same type of synergies where you get more customers coming to both boxes and yes the productivity is good, you have one queue line at the front and overall efficiencies. So the productivity in the past on those existing super stores that we had in the U.S. have been the same or better than the overall combined boxes of the [Indiscernible].
Randal Konik: Can I ask one other thing real quick. Just as a blast in the past. You ever have A.J. Wright stores in same locations or centers as Marmaxx stores. And if you did, any lessons, you kind of take away from that A.J. Wright business that you say and we do or we dont want to have that type of item go on where, when we think about our real estate philosophy and product positioning with HomeSense and HomeGoods and we have those in the same locations?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, there were very few of those. So A.J. Wright in a different demo.
Randal Konik: And we know that, market knows that. Im just saying just any lessons learnt or et cetera from that?
Ernie Herrman: Not really, I dont think that we could apply to this one.
Randal Konik: Okay. Fair enough.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The final question for today comes from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro: Hi guys. I love being the closing act. So Im going to ask about inventory. I was going to ask you about inventory, but not availability of apparel or product inventory. Its more focus on real estate inventory. As you look out over the next couple of years. There are a lot of stores closing and probably more to close. How much flexibility do you have in your current model versus how many leases are coming up for renewal every year and how much flexibility do you have in your current leases to negotiate as far what the terms are?
Ernie Herrman: Quite a bit. We are in fact Scott and I talk about this all the time as well as with you real estate team. And we stay very flexible on our positioning in terms of the lease renewals and in terms of our ability, because we are still looking to open stores. So we take that into account and in fact weve obviously already been taking advantage of service store closing going on. And to your point, we are going to use that on some of our negotiations, because of the nature of the beast is the way rents will be coming down in certain locations. But like anything else, if locations-by-locations, so every deal is specific deal. We have deal makers throughout the country. Scott and his team are always looking at where we are in terms of flexibility on the old leases, when they query that comes up each year. What we would want to in do terms of releasing? Part of it is, as you know, most of our stores, the large, large percentage of our storage are doing so well in making money that we dont want to a major overhaul there. Scott.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I think just to follow-up on Ernies point. Canada has had a big benefit in the last several years and going forward with a lot of store closing. So a good chunk of their leases have opportunities had been from store closings. In the U.S. our real estate groups as Ernie said, a lot has been on relocations as leases end and the retail note of activity. Well be determined, because going forward in the U.S. a lot will depend on the boxes that are in the strip malls and that a lot of the closings in that have been any larger format boxes, a lot of it in the malls, which dont necessarily present an immediate opportunity. But I think we are well positioned given that most of our - to answer your question. Its several hundred leases a year that are coming up for renewal. So that would be the opportunity to even move to a better location and we hopefully in time, we havent seen yet get lower rates.
Marni Shapiro: That makes sense. Best of luck for the second quarter guys.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Marni.
Ernie Herrman: That was our last question. So thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, all. We appreciate you joining us today. We will speak to you soon.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc. Jeff Botte - The TJX Cos., Inc. Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Ernie Herrman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Franco. Before we begin, I'd like to congratulate Deb McConnell on the recent birth of her son. As Deb is on maternity leave, Jeff Botte will start us off with some opening comments.
Jeff Botte - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Ernie, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies, Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing-operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor section of our website, TJX.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, TJX.com, in the Investor section. Thank you and now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Good morning. Joining me and Jeff on the call is Scott Goldenberg. I'd like to begin by saying that 2016 was another terrific year for TJX. Net sales increased 7% over last year's 6% increase. Consolidated comp store sales were up a strong 5%, above our plan and over a 5% increase last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $3.53, also above our expectations. We are convinced that we are gaining market share around the globe, as customer traffic was the primary driver of comp sales at every major division for the year. Clearly, our differentiated mix of great fashions and brands at amazing values continues to resonate with consumers. We were also very pleased with the excellent performance across our apparel, accessories and home businesses in 2016. We celebrated 40 years as a company in 2016. We are proud of our long, consistent history of sales and profit growth and successful expansion of our off-price concept across the U.S. and around the world. Over four decades, we have had an annual comparable store sales decline in only one year. Further, 2016 marked our 21st consecutive year of comp sales increases. We believe our long track record of consistency and growth is a testament to the people in our organization and our ability to leverage the power of our flexible business model through many types of economic and retail environments, and in many different geographies. We are pleased to finish 2016 with above-plan results in the fourth quarter. Net sales increased 6% and comp sales grew 3%, over a very strong 6% increase last year. Once again, customer traffic drove the comp increase and our merchandise margin was up. Earnings per share were $1.03, significantly above our expectations. We believe our continued sales, traffic and merchandise margin growth speaks to the fundamental strength of our business. Looking ahead, we feel great about our prospects for growth in the near and long-term in building on our market share. We have many initiatives underway to drive sales and customer traffic. We are confident we will achieve our goals, and as always, we will strive to exceed them. In 2016, we surpassed $33 billion in sales, which gives us great confidence as we continue to grow TJX as the only major international off-price retailer in the world. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and our full-year numbers.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to share on this call and want to leave enough time for your questions, so in the interest of time, I am not going to repeat many of the numbers in the press release and will instead focus on the financial highlights. We are very pleased that our sales and traffic momentum continued in the fourth quarter. Again, our 3% comp was over a 6% last year and above our plan. Further, our comp was driven by traffic again this quarter. As a reminder, this comp excludes our e-commerce businesses. Diluted earnings per share were $1.03 versus last year's $0.99, well above our expectations. It was great to see strong EPS flow through on the above-plan sales. EPS growth was negatively impacted by 3% due to wage increases and 5% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Merchandise margin was up significantly again in the fourth quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were down 4% on a constant-currency basis. We begin a new year with excellent liquidity and are well-positioned to flow fresh spring fashions and selections to our stores. Now to recap our fourth quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comp increased a strong 3% over a 6% increase last year. Once again, customer traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase. We saw significant growth in units sold and a decrease in average ticket as we planned. Apparel, accessories and home all performed well, which is great to see in today's retail environment. Segment profit margin decreased 30 basis points. Merchandise margin was up significantly, but was more than offset due to the negative impact from wage increases as expected and additional supply-chain costs. Marmaxx is now a $20 billion plus business and we still see plenty of room to grow our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another great quarter with comps increasing a very strong 5% over last year's 7% increase. Segment profit margin was down 50 basis points. As we anticipated, wage increases and supply chain costs associated with the opening of our new distribution center had a significant negative impact on HomeGoods' margin. HomeGoods had another outstanding year as it surpassed the $4 billion sales milestone. TJX Canada's fourth quarter comps grew a strong 4% over a 14% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 40 basis points and merchandise margin was up significantly. TJX Canada had an excellent year, opening up its 400th store, achieving US$3 billion sales and delivering strong performance across all three chains. TJX International comps were up 2% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was down 50 basis points, due to integrating Trade Secret, wage increases and some expense deleverage. We were pleased with our performance and believe we held up better than most European retailers despite the challenging retail environment. We are convinced that we are gaining market share in Europe and feel great about this division's long-term growth plans. Now to our full year consolidated fiscal 2017 results. Again, we are thrilled that our 5% comp increase over last year's 5% increase was above our plan and driven by customer traffic. Further, the traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase at each of our four major divisions. Diluted earnings per share were $3.46 versus last year's $3.33. Excluding a third quarter debt extinguishment charge and pension settlement charge totaling $0.07, adjusted earnings per share were $3.53, a 6% increase over last year and above our most recent plan. Full-year EPS growth was negatively impacted by 3% due to wage increases and 2% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Merchandise margin was up significantly for the year on top of a solid increase last year. I'll finish with our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 2017, free cash flow was $2.6 billion and our ROIC remains one of the highest we have seen in retail as we maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation. As we said before, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business for the near and long-term. In fiscal 2017, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through these programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2018 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Scott. First, I'll cover some fourth quarter highlights. Again, we were pleased to end the year with another quarter of strong sales and customer traffic on top of an excellent fourth quarter last year. I believe our exciting gift-giving assortments and in-store initiatives during the holiday selling season were the best we have had yet. We are confident that our marketing helped attract new and existing customers and our constantly-changing selections and freshness encouraged more frequent shopping visits. Now, I'd like to briefly highlight our key strengths that we believe will continue to differentiate TJX and make our business so difficult to replicate. First, we have a world-class buying organization, which includes over 1,000 associates around the world. I truly believe they are the best in retail. Secondly, we see ourselves as a global sourcing machine, buying from a universe of over 18,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. Third, off-price is all that we do. Over four decades, we have built and continued to refine a global supply chain, distribution network and IT systems that support our highly-integrated international off-price business model. Fourth, we have decades of off-price operating experience in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, and are capitalizing on our global presence. Next, our flexibility allows us to react to changing market trends and consumer tastes to give shoppers what they want and when they want it. These core strengths have allowed us to successfully grow our business across all of our geographies, while delivering consumers a rapidly-changing mix of merchandise at amazing values. Now, to our growth initiatives, which give us confidence in our ability to gain market share for many years to come. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales. We were very pleased with our traffic gains in 2016 and the growth in new customers that we saw across all our divisions, particularly with Millennial shoppers. At the same time, we believe there was enormous opportunity to keep growing our U.S. and international market share, and we will continue to target a very wide range of shoppers. To attract more shoppers, we take an integrated marketing approach, engaging with consumers through television, digital, mobile and social media campaigns to ensure our retail brands are visible wherever they are looking. We incorporate learnings to further leverage our marketing dollars and to increase awareness of our brands in an ever-changing media world. We also continue to grow our loyalty programs to drive more frequent visits and cross shopping of our brands. We continue to upgrade the shopping experience. In 2017, we expect to remodel approximately 260 stores across the company. Our customer satisfaction scores increased at every division in 2016, which is great, but meanwhile, we see room to do even better. Most importantly, we continue to add new brands and offer consumers tremendous values. With e-commerce, we continue to differentiate our mix to encourage consumers to shop both online and in our stores. While still a small piece of our overall business, we view e-commerce as complementary to our stores and as another way to drive incremental sales and traffic. Next, innovation has been core to our DNA at TJX since the start. We are always testing new ideas and initiatives across the company that could drive future growth. For us, innovation could take on a number of different forms. Today, I am very pleased to share several developments with you, beginning with some exciting news about our U.S. home business. With many years of successful growth both at HomeGoods and our home businesses across the company, we are thrilled to announce that we are launching a second home concept. The first few stores are expected to open later this year. Our approach will be to differentiate these two U.S. home concepts to encourage customers to shop both stores, which has been key to our successful growth at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in the U.S. and Winners and Marshalls in Canada. We plan to leverage our existing distribution centers, supply chain and buying organization, which is similar to what we did when we launched Marshalls in Canada. While we are proud to have grown HomeGoods' customer base for many years, we believe we remain significantly underpenetrated in the total U.S. home market and enormous opportunity remains for us to gain share in this space. Our customers are passionate about HomeGoods, and we are confident they will love our new home concept too. As to our HomeGoods chain, we plan to increase our openings this year. In another example of innovation and our flexibility, about 20 of these openings are planned within some of our larger existing Marmaxx stores. By flexing our existing locations, we believe we can drive additional productivity and increase the overall efficiency of the store. Further, it allows us to introduce HomeGoods to additional U.S. markets more quickly and efficiently. In Australia, we have made excellent progress integrating Trade Secret into our TJX model since our acquisition over a year ago. We are excited to announce that we will be converting our stores in Australia to T.K. Maxx this spring, which we believe will further benefit this business by leveraging one of our powerful global brands. We also have a handful of store openings planned for 2017 and plan to market the business in Australia for the first time. Our research shows that Australian consumers already know and love the T.K. Maxx brand. We are confident that this conversion, combined with the improvements we have already made in the business and our new marketing campaign, will help us attract a broader set of value-oriented customers. T.K. Maxx is known and loved across Europe, and we are confident that it will succeed in Australia as well. At Sierra Trading Post, we are testing our brick-and-mortar format and transitioning the online business to offering great off-price values every day. We have strengthened the buying organization and have additional store openings planned across the U.S. this year. Wrapping up on these initiatives, we see ourselves as leaders in innovation, and will never be complacent. Our next major growth driver is our enormous global store growth potential. In fiscal 2017, we grew our store base by 198 stores or almost 6%. I also want to point out that we did not close a single store last year, despite the volatile retail environment. We continue to see a favorable real estate environment and are taking advantage of many opportunities around the world. This year, we are planning to accelerate our pace of store growth and surpass the 4,000 store milestone. Underscoring our confidence is our disciplined approach to real estate, decades of operational experience, our eclectic mix of merchandise, and differentiated in-store shopping experiences. With just over 3,800 stores today, we see the potential to grow by almost 50% to 5,600 stores long term. This would be about 1,800 more stores over our current base with just our existing chains and just our existing countries alone. To reiterate, this does not contemplate the opportunities we see with additional countries or with new chains. In North America alone, we see the potential to open about 1,300 more stores. At Marmaxx, we see the long-term potential to grow to 3,000 stores, about 800 more than today. Again, we see enormous white space for our U.S. home business. Our 1,000 long-term store potential estimate for HomeGoods only and does include our new U.S. home concept. In Canada, our long-term store growth target of 500 stores includes growing Marshalls to at least a 100-store chain. Beyond North America, our long-term potential for TJX International of 1,100 stores reflects the opportunity we see in just our current European countries and Australia. In Europe, we remain the only brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of significant size. In Australia, we are very confident that we can grow T.K. Maxx to 125 stores long term. To support our growth, we are making important investments in new stores, store remodels, distribution centers, systems and our new seeds as well as talent. I am convinced that we are making the right investments today to strengthen our leadership positions around the world and support the near and long-term growth of our company. In closing, we are proud of our excellent performance in 2016. Looking ahead, we feel very good about our business model and see tremendous growth potential. We operate a highly flexible retail business with four decades of expertise and experience in building and refining our highly-integrated international teams and infrastructures. We are also very pleased that we have the financial flexibility to simultaneously reinvest in the growth of our business and return significant value to shareholders. We have a clear, long-term vision for growth and see an exciting future ahead for TJX, both in the U.S. and internationally. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. Then we'll open it up for questions. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thanks, Ernie. Now for fiscal 2018 guidance beginning with the full year. This guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar, which we expect will benefit full-year EPS growth by approximately 3% or $0.11 per share. On a GAAP basis, we expect fiscal 2018 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.89. Excluding the benefit from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.69 to $3.78. This would be up 5% to 7% versus the adjusted $3.53 in fiscal 2017. I want to take a moment to recap a few factors impacting our expected earnings per share growth in fiscal 2018. First, we are assuming that wage increases will have a negative impact to fiscal 2018 EPS growth of about 2%, which is less than last year. We continue to anticipate that wage increases will have an incremental negative impact beyond fiscal 2018. Based on current approved legislation, we expect the pressure to further moderate next year. Second, we anticipate that the recent change in accounting rules for share-based compensation will benefit fiscal 2018 EPS growth by approximately 2% or about $0.08. As always, we plan to continue to invest strategically to support our U.S. and international growth. As we've discussed on prior conference calls, the incremental investments we have planned for fiscal 2018 include costs associated with our distribution network to support our global store growth plans. As to FX, at current rates, we expect the net impact of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange to have a slightly negative impact on fiscal 2018 EPS growth. This year, the expected impact is primarily the result of the decline in the British pound versus the prior year. While it's too early to call  too early for us to make assumptions about the impact of foreign exchange beyond fiscal 2818, FX could have a neutral or positive effect in the out years. This EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $35.2 billion to $35.6 billion range, a 6% to 7% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a positive impact to reported revenue of approximately 1.5% due to the 53rd week and a negative impact to reported revenue of about 1% due to translational FX. We're assuming a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis, similar to our plans for prior years. The comps by definition exclude the 53rd week. Our assumptions for total sales and comp growth remain in line with how we have planned for prior years. We see many ways to drive continued sales traffic and market share as we are pursuing them aggressively. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 11.1% to 11.3%. Excluding the benefit from the 53rd week, we expect adjusted pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.9% to 11.1%. This would be down 40 basis points to 60 basis points versus the adjusted 11.5% in fiscal 2017. We're planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% compared with 29.0% last year. The 53rd week is expected to have a 20 basis point benefit to gross profit margin. Our plans assume we will maintain our strong merchandise margin. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.6% to 17.7% versus 17.4% last year. We do not expect the 53rd week to have a significant impact on full-year SG&A expense. For modeling purposes, we're currently anticipating a tax rate of 36.9%, net interest expense of $37 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 649 million. Now to our full-year guidance by division. Sales and pre-tax margin guidance are on a 53-week basis. At Marmaxx, we are planning comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $22.2 billion to $22.4 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%. At HomeGoods, we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on sales of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion and segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.1% to 13.3%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, to be in the range of 13.8% to 14.0%. At TJX International, we're expecting comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $4.5 billion to $4.6 billion and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, to be in the range of 4.3% to 4.5%. ` Moving on to Q1 guidance; we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.76 to $0.78 versus last year's $0.76. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 3% due to wage increases. It also includes a 6% benefit to EPS growth due to the combination of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange, and an additional 1% benefit to EPS growth due to a change in accounting rules for share based compensation. We're modeling first quarter consolidated sales of approximately $7.8 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp sales, we are planning the first quarter more conservatively. We're assuming comp growth in the 0% to 1% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. This compares to a very strong 7% increase at TJX and a 6% increase at Marmaxx in the first quarter last year. As a reminder, these strong comp increases benefited from favorable weather as we discussed in last year's call. This year, we have experienced some unfavorable weather early on. Beyond that, it's far too early to draw any conclusions. First quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.3% to 10.5% range versus 10.9% the prior year. We're anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.7% to 28.8% versus 28.8% last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the 18.2% to 18.3% range versus 17.7% last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 37.7%, net interest expense of about $10 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 654 million. It's important to remember that our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter. Moving to our store growth plans for fiscal 2018, we plan to add about 250 net new stores, which would bring our year-end total to approximately 4,062 stores. This represents a store growth of approximately 7%, above our store growth for the last several years. Beginning in the U.S., our plans call to open about 65 stores at Marmaxx. For HomeGoods, we expect to open approximately 85 stores, including four for our new U.S. home concept. Also, we plan to open 15 additional Sierra Trading Post stores. In Canada, we plan to add about 35 new stores. At TJX International, we plan to open approximately 45 stores in Europe and four stores in Australia. I'll wrap up with our cash distribution to our shareholders. As we outlined in this morning's press release, we expect that our board of directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 20% on top of the 24% increase last year. This would mark our 21st straight year of dividend increases. In fiscal 2018, we plan to buy back $1.3 billion to $1.8 billion of TJX stock. Even with our significant shareholder distributions, we still plan to end fiscal 2018 with approximately $3.3 billion in cash and short term investments, which underscores our financial flexibility. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from the line of Mr. Matthew Boss. Sir, your line is open. Go ahead.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So as we think about your underlying margin profile, from 11% to 12% operating margins today and putting the impact of the wages aside, are you still comfortable  I guess my question is, are you still comfortable with the 1% to 2% annual segment margin expansion or are there any offsets to consider as we think about that multiyear?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Matt, Scott Goldenberg. I'm not sure what you mean by the 1% to 2% margin expansion, or...
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So in the 10% to 13% annual earnings growth that you laid out in 2015, 6% to 7% top line, 1% to 2% segment profit margin expansion. I'm just trying to back into the bottom line earnings growth algorithm as it was last laid out, assuming the sales are the same, is there any difference in that profit margin expansion on an annual basis, if we were to back out wages, more trying to think beyond this year?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, it's been almost two full years now since we've given out the long-term model, and as we talked about I think almost every quarter for the last two years, we haven't been giving detail on our long-term model at this point. So the better way maybe to look at it this year is on the 1% to 2% comp that we are guiding to, we have the 53-week benefit, so we're going out with 12% at the high to $3.89. The 53rd week's worth 3%. We had the one time  last year, we had the debt extinguishment and settlement, which is worth 2%, getting to the 5% to 7%, which includes some of the share-based compensation that we called out (34:13). So a 5% on a 2% comp would be the best way to rec, if you were going to rec to what we've done the last year or two. Again, only on a 2% comp, this year 6% was on a higher comp. Compared to the plan that we went out last year where we went out at the high end of the range with a 2% EPS growth rate on the 1% to 2% comp, there's been some moderation in the FX and in the wage. All things, the model is relatively similar to it has been in the past. And at this point, we still have, as I called out earlier, some wage pressure that we think is going forward, some investments to support our growth. So we're not really commenting on it much than that, but Ernie is going to weigh in also on that.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, I think all I would say, Matt, is that for all of the things we talked about in the script, in terms of the fundamental strength, we have a high degree of confidence in all of the differentiators and the way we can take advantage of the environment we're in. And as much as we're not giving specifics on the long-term growth, we're really feeling that we would expect our earnings per share growth to slightly improve each year over the next couple of years. So we're seeing that like  we're feeling pretty comfortable, we'll see that ticking up. Barring everything stays apples-to-apples in terms of wage, state-by-state, all around us. So, hopefully, that adds some more color to you.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, it does. Thanks, guys. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Lindsay Drucker Mann. Ma'am your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I was hoping you could give some color on in the markets where you're nearby to a closed Macy's, if you're seeing any impact on the performance in your stores from those liquidations or how you're sort of thinking about momentum in those stores in those shared markets?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So we really haven't seen anything dramatic there. What's happening is there's a lot of noise around, Lindsay, in terms of the market share gain because what's happening clearly is there's just a couple of sectors in the businesses, obviously, online is one of them and in off-price, ourselves and others is the other and clearly gaining market share. Some of that could be because of stores closing but some of the noise gets  it gets kind of tough to do all of these analyses because you also have some businesses, even if they're not closing they're down trending. So, obviously, there's market share that's being capitalized on from a few different ways. So we don't see really a specific pattern in that. Not to say that it wouldn't happen over time. Some of those closings are more recent, but over time it's possible. Hopefully that helps answer your question though.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And if I could just maybe sneak one more in. Ernie, maybe you could clarify or Scott on the comment about unfavorable weather early on and I think it was favorable weather in the prior year. Just a little more detail on what you're thinking about weather.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, we actually  we were quite specific last year at the end of  when we did the first quarter call, Scott and I were quite transparent about how favorable the weather was. We also didn't want people getting too used to the comps that we delivered in the first quarter last year because it was so strong given one of the most favorable weather patterns we had ever seen in our first quarter. So I would say that our weather pattern this year is a little bit more like a traditional first-quarter weather pattern which, as you know, unfortunately, isn't as favorable as last year's. So that's what really we're talking about. So that gives you a little bit of a fall-off, which is a little piece of our first quarter guidance there. Having said that, it's still early for us to be talking about the first quarter because we have a lot of the quarter to go and the important thing I think everyone needs to remember and I like to reiterate is that our business model really differentiates us by the flexibility that we have. So we are able to capitalize and react and read to the marketplace and move much quicker than most of the other major retailers. So getting away from the weather situation, which other retailers could feel as well, if you say, well that could happen to everyone, you would think that could create opportunities and that's where our business model really plays out. We're able to take advantage of those. So we're in a strong liquidity position and I would tell you we're in a wait-and-see mode. So we want to really, right now, not based on what's going on around us, we would just want to take that conservative approach for first quarter, and believe me, our teams are all driven to exceed the plans. As Scott has said many times, we want to have conservative plans though. Based a little bit on the weather thing you asked about, based a little bit on the environment, we just said let's be conservative. We have liquidity, we can flex, and again, our intention is to always exceed our plans.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Omar Saad. Sir, your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Ernie, I actually really enjoyed some of your prepared remarks. I'd love to ask about the new home concept, but I think I'd rather use my one question to talk about the...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: You know you're limited, Omar?
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: The news on the Trade Secret and kind of converting it to more of a T.K. Maxx. It's interesting because  I'd love to kind of have maybe a clear picture of how you got comfortable with the visibility of that nameplate and the recognition in the local marketplace in Australia because it may have implications for other new markets as you enter them. I don't know if tourists in the U.S. or Europe are really learning about the T.K. Maxx concept, and that's what drove that decision? Anything would be helpful there. Thanks.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, sure. Great question, Omar. A couple things we're playing into it. The first of all, ironically  this is anecdotal  on my first trip over there, I was with Michael MacMillan who obviously the business reports to, and we had a couple of customers while we were walking through the store, they must have known we were management, and said they were traveling from other places, and they asked us, is this a T.K. Maxx because they were confused. And clearly it wasn't. It was a Trade Secret. So right away  and then of course we did more studies. We knew that the brand was important. I would tell you we have been thinking on and off about doing this a lot earlier, but we did not want to do it till we had made the progress on the merchandising and distribution and supply chain lines to get the stores in the place where we felt it was okay to put the T.K. Maxx brand on it. So it's a great question, Omar, because we weren't ready. One reason, it's like now is we weren't confident enough, quite honestly, a few months ago, say, put the name on it. Now we have made tremendous progress. I could not be more excited about the business that we've been seeing of recent the last couple of months, and we have been doing these remodels. Some of our associates here that have recently been over there have talked about how great the remodels is. Look, it's just T.J.  you would feel like you're in a T.J. Maxx or a T.K. Maxx. And now the most important thing is the merchandise is reflecting the content that we are proud of where we say now we're comfortable rebranding it to T.K. Maxx, because you can imagine we did not want to do that if we didn't think the mix was up to what that brand is. So I hope that answers your question and all I can tell you is if you ever have a chance to be there you would find it to be a very exciting format. And the customer base there is  Scott has been there fairly recently, would tell you, the customer base is really in our sweet spot and they're very value driven. They just haven't had options much in the past.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, and as Ernie said, between the remodels we've been doing at the back half of this past year and the remodels we're doing this spring, we'll have most of the stores that we want remodeled by the time we launch the conversions and the marketing campaign in the spring this year. And it also helped that last year, we opened up a distribution center, so now we're able to ship the way we ship in our off-price model and the rest of our divisions and give those stores the multiple deliveries they get a week that keep the freshness. So we're excited.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: And you had mentioned 120-store potential opportunity there. Could you just remind us how many there are now and how many have been converted and then remodeled?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: We haven't given  there's 35 stores now and let's just say the majority will be converted  well, they will all be converted, but the remodels will be remodeled and there will be four openings this year.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Four new stores on top of that.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: But it's really the first-time marketing the business coming up here in the near future.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you, guys. Appreciate the color.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Michael Binetti. Sir, your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for all the detail on the call today. Very helpful. Just a quick one for the model, I think you said that the expectation for the next year is for the merch margins to be, I think, you said stable to last year's. Is there any reason why the merchandise margin improvement that you guys saw recently slows over the next year and then I had a quick follow up?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Well, we plan the model pretty similarly every year. We're planning the merchandise margin up on top of a fairly significant  almost  approximately 20 basis point increase this year, so we do still have some margin pressure, approximately 10 basis points relative to the drop in the British pound, as the drop in the spring after the Brexit announcement. So we have the pressures well, but we know it's  we've had  we feel pretty good. We continue to work on our planning and allocation and our inventory management and we've certainly had increases for each of the last five years, but it's, again, we still think there's room for improvement, but we're just planning it slightly up.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I just could quickly follow up, if we could just zero in, with so much of the calls taken up with your global business these days, on the supply chain spending in the long-term pretty consistent reinvestment you guys have talked about, but that's been a source of deleverage for a lot of quarters in a row. You guys keep investing ahead of the opportunity. Can we think about a global supply chain investment bucket and just think about whether there's a point somewhere on the horizon where that could flip over and be a source of leverage or you'd say, we've got sufficient supply chain in all the markets we're in at this point where we enter maybe the next couple of years where that's not a deleverage point.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes. It's a great question. I think some of it has to do  some of this is short and medium term and then there's long term. I think HomeGoods is a great example of something that's the longer term where clearly we couldn't call it all out, but I think our investment there was highly correlated to what we saw as the opportunities to grow market share and our store. So we had to invest in DCs ahead of our increased growth in our both new stores and HomeGoods, the store conversions Ernie talked about in the new store concept, so there's a case where you need to build out ahead of the growth. In terms of talking  we've talked about this before, Marmaxx, some of this was unforeseen as the average retailer decreased a bit more but we, again, think that has been extremely positive both  obviously it's a combination of both mix and price, but to our overall growth, it could go other way if retails stabilize and go the other way where you could end up  some of the growth we have in DCs, the out years could be delayed and we would get some synergies and you're talking about a reverse average ticket. Other than that, just some of it's been a timing of replacing DCs that were older as we've had in both  what we're going to be doing in Europe this year and we may have in Marmaxx in a couple years. So I think it's going to be more lumpy, but we still see, given the growth trajectory that we called out in the new store growth, it's still going to be an impact at least for the next year or two. And then we would hope it moderate, but there are too many factors to be crystal clear at this point on what that deleverage or flattening will be or when it will be.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Lorraine Hutchinson. Ma'am, your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the comments you actually just made on average ticket. Been a couple of years, I know part of that is purposeful as you move into new categories, but where do you think we are in that move? And then also, what do you see in terms of pressure from the full price channel impacting the rest of your ability to increase that average ticket over the next couple of years?
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yes, so let me get to the short-term piece of that before Ernie goes on, on the broader piece. Speaking at Marmaxx, both the fourth quarter of this past year and the first quarter of what we see this year was primarily almost entirely due to mix. So that really has little to do with the pricing dynamic or what the other  because we're maintaining our value equation with the other retailers. It's just that we  as we've always done, have tried to adjust the mix to we see what the customer preferences are. And that has just spurred to a slightly lower average retail.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, some of the  let me piggyback on that, some of the  Lorraine, some of the hot categories just by nature and it's just the nature of the beast we run into have been lower ticket categories. If you even think about the home business and some of the categories we've gone after there, you can see them in our store. They have been some lower ticket categories as has been some of our other businesses. And that's making, to Scott's point, the average ticket still to continue to come down. We have said numerous, numerous times our number one objective is to continue gaining market share. So, we don't feel comfortable managing that from the top and taking us off the mission to continue to drive top line sales. Although I heard your right  I think you had like a second part of your question about the regular price, do I have this right, about the pressure from regular price retailers?
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Yeah, so we've seen  it feels like out there that things are a little bit more promotional currently, but we don't know that for a fact, nor do we know how long that goes on. The good news is we operate very bottom-up from the buyer level up where we constantly shop all retails and ensure that our GAAP is below them. So I think what you're getting at is if they continue to get promotional, could that hold our ticket down. That's another factor that, yes, part of our model was to always never be undersold. So that could. That has not really been a driver of it because we've  as witnessed by our market share gains, we've been keeping quite the appropriate gap in retail between us and the other retailers. So I don't see that as being a big switch going forward, but in this environment, it's hard to look too far out because there's so much unknown still.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And at the same time, for the last couple of quarters, at least, and we still think for the first quarter, we've been able to give the customer that value...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Absolutely.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: ...and have our merchandise margin go up...
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: And the margin hang in there, right.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: ...over the last at least the recent times.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Oliver Chen. Sir, your line is open. Go ahead.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Congrats on really outstanding results. We had a question  in relation to the overall retail industry, there's been this trend of store closures, but you've had a real steadfast and demonstrate-able progress in opening stores. So as you think about North America, are you looking at expanding into new markets or is that adding depth into your existing markets? And have there been thoughts or tweaks or a framework, which has been altered? Or how do you think about that as we think about really justifying the long-term growth algorithm in the face of what we're seeing at malls and Amazon and others? Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Sure. So, Oliver, I think it's kind of a multi-pronged question because it's kind of a mix. We have so many brands now. So if you look the one thing we talked about is HomeGoods, for example, right, this year is going to open  we're going to open in our HomeGoods division like 85 stores, of which four are the new concept. But that still leaves a chunk of stores and many of those are hitting new markets. In fact, those conversion stores we talked about that are in some of the Marmaxx stores are actually hitting markets that HomeGoods would not have been in. So we are specifically, in that case quite specifically, hitting new markets with that brand. If you look at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, you're running into places where we are in so many places already. You're starting to get to different markets, but maybe B and C markets in a different trading area. So a little bit  not such a green empty market for us, but one where we can do more business with the appropriate population and demographics. So it's a bit of a mix. We have some Sierra Trading Post stores open. Those are clearly going into new markets because it's such a young business. If you think it down the road of the new concept in home that we just extended because we just believe home continues to present for us because of the way we do it in such a differentiated value manner, just continues to create this enormous opportunity for TJX in total. If you think about this new business, which is only starting with four stores later this year, that to us is a  you're talking about going to all the markets because it's a new business and we're going to be going after categories that aren't so penetrated in the HomeGoods store and are going to allow us to actually go after categories in other markets that we're not in at all with those type of product categories. And we've actually  just so, we've been testing  you guys would not realize this, but we've been testing many of those home categories for the last year and year-and-a-half. You guys wouldn't realize it by the way we've been testing it, but that's allowing us to plant the seeds and feel a high degree of confidence on what the store can do for business when it starts up later on this year. So good question, I think it various almost by each of our brands a little bit. Hopefully that helps.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: And, Ernie, you touched upon remodels. Maybe you could just articulate a little bit about what we should know and what we should prioritize in thinking about remodels? You've been very flexible already with how you move and groove the store experience. So I'm just curious about mentioning remodels and what it means for the long term of the company at large.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: So that's pretty, Oliver, kind of what  it's just a basic strategy we have to ensure that our chain is up-to-date and that we don't lose  so in some cases, by the way, we have found and it's a little cloudy at this point. In some cases we actually got a little sales lift, and a lot of cases you're trying to ensure that you don't deteriorate and you keep yourself up to the current standards that allow us to continue to make the customer happy from a shopping environment. And that's really where we've been. So we look at the customer service feedback, which I think I referred to in my script. We are constantly looking at that in a very timely manner, more so than we have for years, and we can kind of zero in on what stores between that. And our real estate team does a fantastic job of knowing when and where we need to pull the trigger to remodel a store. Again, we're fortunate because our brick-and-mortar business is healthy, and so we have the cash to keep reinvesting. That's another place where Scott is always having to manage all of our investments that we do, but we think remodels are critical. And we do believe it is one of the reasons that we continue to have a healthy brick-and-mortar business as we don't allow our stores to get outdated. And when we do our remodels, we look at functional improvements as well. It isn't just an atmosphere. It's a functional improvement approach in addition to an atmosphere redesign. So, yes, we are bullish. We do flex with it, and you'll see our remodel number vary a little year-to-year based on a bottom-up approach, feedback.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Best regards.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Ms. Dana Telsey. Ma'am, your line is open. Go ahead, please.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Hello?
Operator: Ms. Telsey?
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi. Yes. Good morning and congratulations on the terrific results.
Scott Goldenberg - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Thank you, Dana.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: As you think about the new concept opportunities with Sierra Trading Post, with what you're doing with the new home business, how do you think about the apparel category relative to these categories? Is there the opportunity for another new apparel business that would develop? And what the margin offsets are of these new potential businesses? Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Right. Good questions. So first of all, let me address the first part on the apparel question that you're getting at. So, as you know, we're pretty dominant in apparel right now with our Maxx and Marshalls businesses in the states. I would tell you that a lot of the Sierra Trading Post business is apparel that we'll be looking at. There's nothing on the plate right now in terms of another brand, in terms of apparel, but that's not to say never. We're always looking and innovating and testing lots of ideas around here, and I would tell you that it's not that that idea has not come up. I would say we have toyed with different versions, but as you know we're pretty methodical in that we don't want to do too many things at once. So if you're us, what we're looking at right now is we have a high degree of confidence in our Australia business, which is a full-line store, very much we do, apparel driven. We like the way our Maxx and Marshalls business is going, and we're looking at where we think we are most underpenetrated from opportunity potential is in our home arena in the U.S. And it just screams at us. Obviously, and you're aware of all the success. So we are bullish in terms of some of the apparel parts of the Sierra Trading Post expansion, and we're bullish about those stores specifically. And getting at that, we've put a new infrastructure in place, a planning organization in place, and we've actually put some systems in place that are going to allow us to handle those apparel and non-apparel areas in a much more TJX-way of shipping and selling the goods. So, I know, I don't think I'm totally answering your question about where do we see apparel going, but I think you were trying to get the lay of the land, so to speak.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Exactly.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: Okay.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Yes. And what about cosmetics, there's been a lot of  beauty has been a bigger category or been a heightened-focus category, I just got eh email the other day. Is that an opportunity?
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I can't really comment specifically on a family business like that, but it's a good question. Very good question, Dana.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: You're welcome.
Ernie L. Herrman - The TJX Cos., Inc.: I guess we have taken our last call, and we would say again, we've been very excited to have this time with you guys today. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in May. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2017 Q3  (2016-11-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie Herrman - President, CEO and Director Debra McConnell - SVP, Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Michael Binetti - UBS Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Brian Tunick - RBC Capital Markets Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Roxanne Meyer - MKM Partners Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded on November, 15, 2016. I would d like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Hermann, Chief Executive Officer and President of TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Taurie [ph]. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in todays press release and the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased that our momentum continued in the third quarter. Consolidated comp-store sales were strong 5% over a 5% increase last year and well above our plan. We are thrilled that customer traffic continued to be the primary driver of our comp again this quarter, which tells us that our merchandise mix and amazing values are resonating with consumers. We have convenience that we are gaining market share across all of our divisions. We also saw excellent performance in both our apparel and home businesses. Further merchandise margins were up significantly again this quarter, highlighting the strength of our model. Adjusted earnings per share went $0.91 also well above our expectations. Importantly, we believe that we achieve these results despite significant wage and foreign currency headwinds and while simultaneously investing to support our growth. With our strong third quarter performance we are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth. We are in at excellent position for the holiday selling season with many initiatives plan to drive traffic in sales throughout the quarter. As always, our management team has passionate about achieving its plans and striving to surpassed them. We are very confident and our ability to continue our successful growth and that is both in the U.S. and around the world. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased a strong 5% exceeding our plan. As a remainder, this growth excludes our ecommerce businesses. It was great to see a momentum in customer traffic continue. Once again, traffic was the primary driver of our consolidated comp increase as we offered shoppers the merchandize they wanted at excellent values. Diluted earnings per share were $0.83 versus last year's $0.86. As we detailed in today's press release, third quarter earnings per share included a debt extinguishment charge and pension settlement charge which combined reduce EPS by $.08, excluding these charges adjusted earnings per share were $0.91, a 6% increase over the same period last year and well above our plan. As expect EPS growth was negatively impacted by 3% due to wage increases. Foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange negatively impacted EPS growth by 1% versus our plan for a 3% negative impact. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 10.7%, as we detailed in today's press release the combination of the debt extinguishment and pension settlement charges reduced consolidated pretax profit margin by 100 basis points, excluding these charges adjusted pretax profit margin was 11.7% down 40 basis points versus the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.5%, up 50 basis points versus last year and also significantly better than we planned. This was primarily due to our strong merchandise margins increase and gains on our inventory hedges. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 17.6%, up 90 basis points versus last years ratio. This increase was primarily due to wage increases and investments to support our growth, as we had anticipated. At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were down 2% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with a great liquidity in our inventory position entering the first quarter. We are in excellent position to buy and flow fresh goods to our stores throughout the holiday season. Now to recap our third quarter performance by division, Marmaxx's strong momentum continued with comps up 5% on comp of last year's 3% increase, again this quarter customer traffic was the primary driver of the comp and unit sales were up both of which or nice indication of the strength of our largest division. Average ticket was down slightly more than plan, the merchandise margins were up significantly. We continued our strategies of chasing hard categories and flexing within departments to offer the right merchandise mix in our stores. Our traffic sales and merchandise margin increases tell us our strategies are working. Segment profit margin decrease 40 basis points are very strong merchandise margin increased was more than offset by wage increases and costs associated with the lower average ticket. Marmaxx keeps delivering sales increases year-after-year, which underscores our confidence in the major growth potential that still remain at our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another excellent quarter, with comps increasing 6% over last years 6% growth. We were very pleased that the traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase. Segment profit margin was down 10 basis points, as expected wage increases continue to have a significant negative impact on the margin. Further, we continue to incur cost related to the opening of our new distribution center last quarter to support the long-term growth potential of a thousand customers. Our customers love HomeGoods and we couldnt be happy with dispositions in traffic and growth prospects. At TJX Canada, comps grew an outstanding 8% this quarter, over last years 10% increase. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was down 100 basis points. The decrease was primarily due to the merchandise margin pressure from transactional foreign exchange as well as additional supply chain costs including the opening of our new distribution center in Vancouver last quarter, the first new DC for Canada and about a decade. We continue to be very pleased with the excellent execution of our Canadian organization. TJX Internationals comps were flat versus last year strong 7% increase while sales were not as strong as we would have liked. We held up better than most major European retailers in the phase of the challenging retail environment and unseasonably warm fall weather. We are convinced, we are gaining market share in Europe and are focused on keeping new customers were attracting for the long-term. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 170 basis points. The decline was primarily due to the integrating Trade Secret in Australia in our business, and some expense deleverage on the flat comp. That said, the team in Europe remained extremely disciplined and inventory management, which help mitigate some of the margin pressure. As we enter the fourth quarter, we see opportunities to approve upon last years performance. Ill finish with our shareholder distributions. During the quarter, we paid out 170 million in shareholder dividends and bought back 400 million of TJX stock, retiring 5.2 million shares. For the first nine months of the year, we have paid out 482 million in shareholder dividends and retired 15.4 million shares, buying back 1.2 billion million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.5 billion to 2 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and Ill recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Id like to begin by highlighting our fundamental strengths, which we believe differentiate TJX from the marketplace and our key to continuing to gain market share. First, we have a world class buying organization with over 1,000 associates worldwide today. We have more than double the size of our buying team over the last 10 years. During this time we have added hundreds of new people to our buying team, and we also have many buyers who have been with us for multiple decades. We believe we are one of the widest demographics in retail and that the depth of our buying organization is helping us to attract customers of all ages. This includes millennial shoppers as we have offering fashions in brands relevant to them. Further our season buyers play a big role in teaching and training our new buyers and enhancing our off price buying methodology. I truly believe that the collective knowledge and expertise of TJX's buying organization is the best in retail. Second, we see ourselves as a global sourcing machine. Today, we source from universe of over 18,000 vendors and more than 100 countries. This is thousands more vendors and dozens more countries in a decade ago. We believe we are an increasingly attractive outlet for vendors, we operate almost 3,800 stores in nine countries, our opening new stores year after year and are selling a next to branded merchandise. We are flexible and straight forward in our dealings and offer vendors many ways to grow their business. Third, our global supply chain distribution network and IT systems have been developed and refines specifically to support our highly integrated international business and opportunistic buying. Our global distribution network can process thousands of buys from thousands of different vendors every week. Using our proprietary IP systems, our experienced planning and allocation team can precisely allocate that merchandise to the right store at the right time. Our flexibility allows us to react rapidly for changing market dynamics and consumer take to capitalize on hot product categories and the latest fashion trends. We see our global infrastructure as a major advantage of TJX. Next, we are capitalizing on our global presence. We have decades of operating experience in the U.S., Canada and Europe that we can leverage across the Company. We have successfully open in new country and retail brands by utilizing the expertise and operating knowledge across our organization. Our four major divisions are highly synergistic and share ideas, talent, initiatives and best practices. I believe that depth of our global off-price experiences unmatched and a key advantage as we continue our domestic and international growth. All of these course strings allow us to offer consumers an ever changing, eclectic mix of branded merchandize at amazing values every day. In addition, these elements of our business have taken us multiple decades to develop which is why they would be extremely difficult for any retailer to replicate. Now, let's talk about our growth initiatives which we are confident will lead to further market share gains. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales. We have grown our top line year after year and are convinced that huge opportunities remain to continue growing our customer base. We are very pleased that our latest research once again shows that millennial shoppers make up the biggest percentage of our new customers in the U.S. Further, our customer satisfactions score increase that every division. Innovation continues to be a major focus to keep our storage exciting and responsive to customer takes. And we are confidently testing new ideas in each of our retail brands. Our next major growth driver is our enormous global store growth potential. Long-term we see the potential to grow to 5,600 stores with just our current change in just our current markets alone. This represents more than 1,800 additional stores on top of our current base before contemplating the potential of new change or new countries. Further we see e-commerce as a complement to our physical locations and as a way to offer consumers the ability and convenience of shopping with us 24x7. To support our growth, we are making significant investments in our business which we have discussed on prior calls. I am very confident that we are making the right investments in our global infrastructure and new seeds to build on our leadership positions to and capitalize on our first mover advantages. We believe that all of this positions us very well for the future. Now, onto our opportunities for the fourth quarter which are numerous. First, we have great gift giving initiative underway. We are offering exciting selections from around the globe and plan to shift to our stores multiple times each and every week. Shoppers can expect to see something new and surprising every time they visit a strategy that has worked well for us in recent years and I believe differentiates us from most major retailers. We are also confident that our efforts to upgrade our storage and customer service will make the shopping experience an exciting and positive one to our customers this holiday season when their time is so very valuable. Second, we feel great about our marketing campaign, which all speak to who we are as a company. We are utilizing tried branded campaigns in the U.S. and Canada again this year. Our TV commercials have just launched and will be running every week throughout the holiday season. In addition, we are leveraging components of these campaigns across radio, digital and social media. In Europe, well be leveraging our holiday campaign across multiple geographies. Third, our loyalty programs in the U.S. and Canada are an important vehicle for encouraging customers to shop us more frequently and across more of our retail brands. Next, we believe we continue to get better at transitioning our stores every year and are very focused on our post holiday plans. Most importantly, well be offering consumers compelling values on fantastic merchandize. The market place is loaded with quality branded merchandize across all of our geographies. We plan to take advantage of the numerous opportunities and by throughout December. In closing, I am very proud of our continued momentum of above planned the results and the sharp execution of our teams across the Company. It was great to see another quarter of such strong sales in traffic increases. The entire organization is laser focused on brining more shoppers into our stores this holiday season and throughout the year. We have a clear long-term vision for TJX and I am convinced that we will continue to drive market share gains and achieve our plans for global growth. I am proud of our ability to simultaneously invest in our growth drivers as well as infrastructure and organization to support our growth while returning cash to shareholders through our substantial share buyback program and dividends. I want to reiterate that our management team is passionate about achieving and surpassing our goals. We are very well on our way to becoming a $40 billion plus company. Now, I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. Then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Now, the fiscal '17 guidance beginning with the fourth quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in a range of $0.96 to $0.98 versus last year's $0.99 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 6% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. We are modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales of 9.3 billion to 9.4 billion. This guidance assumes 2% negative impact revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. This compares to a strong 6% comp increase for both TJX and Marmaxx in the fourth quarter last year. Fourth quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 11.0% to 11.1% range versus 11.9% last year. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.9 to 28.0 versus 28.7 last year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales in a range of 16.8% to 16.9% versus 16.7% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.3% and net interest expense of about $10 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $657 million. Moving on to full year guidance, on a GAAP basis we expect fiscal '17 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.41. As we noted in our press release today, we are raising our adjusted full year diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect above plan third quarter results excluding the combined impact from the third quarter debt extinguishment and pension settlement charges, we are now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.46 to $3.48 this would be up 4% to 5% versus $3.33 in fiscal '16. Our plan assumes a negative impact EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 3% due to foreign current and transactional foreign exchange. As a remainder, we expect that wage increases will have the similar negative impact of approximately 3% to fiscal '18 EPS growth. On a consolidated basis we are expecting a comp increase of 4% in fiscal '17. For the year, we expect pretax profit margin to be approximately 11.2% excluding the negative impact from the third quarter debt extinguishment and pension settlement charges of approximately 20 basis points. We expect adjust pretax profit margins to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.4% range versus 11.8% last year. We are looking for gross profit margin to be approximately 28.9% versus 28.8% last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 17.4% versus 16.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% and net interest expense of about $44 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $664 million. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are now planning comp growth of 4% on sales of $21.1 billion. Additionally, we expect segment profit margin to be about 14%. For the fourth quarter, we are assuming Marmaxxs average ticket to be down versus last year. At HomeGoods, we now expect comps to increase 5% to 6% on sales of $4.4 billion. We now expect segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.4% to 13.5%. At TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 8% to 9% on sales of $3.2 billion. We now expect adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 13.6% to 13.7%. At TJX International, we are expecting comp growth of about 2% on sales of $4.4 billion and adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency to be about 5.8%. Its important to remember that our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is now open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you, good morning. I wanted to follow up on the commentary around Marmaxxs average ticket being down slightly more than planned? Was that due to mix or you continuing to see pressure from some of the department stores or other competitors on pricing? And then whats the outlook, I know you said ticket down versus last year. Do you think that gets worse in the fourth quarter or do you think you can hold this current level?
Scott Goldenberg: So, Ill just start and Ernie will chime in. First on average ticket, as we said earlier its -- the majority of it in the third quarter has to do with chasing categories. So, it was more mix related based on consumer preferences that we were just -- that were working on and we are following their taste. Id also like to just point out that we are buying better and passing some of those values onto the customers as our merchandise margin approved the both based on certainly markdown improvement based on the strong sales, but also an improvement in our mark-on so.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Lorraine, also I think another thing I guess it speaks to mix a little bit -- is we had some seasonal -- the weather was fairly warm and we consciously went into third quarter knowing were going to push back some of the seasonal categories, which tend to the higher ticket as well. So, as Scott said, we went after the touch for any category, but we also affected the ticket by consciously pushing off things like outwear a little bit later and heavy on its sweaters that tend to be higher ticket. So hopefully that makes sense and hopes answer that question. I think well continue to moderate as best we think. The only unknown is the market is loaded with goods and that piece that Scott referred to as the second piece could still be applicable as the environment stage rather difficult. We want to continue to take advantage of those opportunities. So tough to say, we still have plenty of open to buy as we look out into the spring first quarter, but hopefully that answered it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, the only other thing to add is that on our last call, we didnt make a call on the average ticket. So, we have now average retail down in Marmaxx in the fourth quarter, so thats a change from our prior guidance. So, we provided for some of those cost in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Boss. Your line is now open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. On the gross margins, can you just breakdown the 50 basis point expansion this quarter between the merchandise margin improvement in the FX gain? And then just the headwinds embedded in the fourth quarter guide, any commentary there? And then finally on FX as we think to next year, if rates held exactly where they are at today, how do we think about the headwinds from FX next year versus the 3% bottom line that you outlined this year?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, Ill try to get all three questions there Matt. The first in terms of the gross margin being up 50 basis points, so the majority of that was due to strong merchandise margin led by Marmaxx. We also had hedge benefit, so we would have been up more than the 50 with the combination of those two. But they are offset as we had cost related supply chain cost including our DC investments that offset actually some of the buying and occupancy leverage we had with our rent tax in camp. So a strong merchandise margin and some gain on the hedges offset by the supply chain cost. In terms of -- Ill go the third question on next year, too early to make a call on the FX. We will certainly talk about it next quarter, but as we talked about last quarter with the continuing drop of the pound, there clearly could be some pressure for FX next year primarily with the British pound impact on our Europe business.
Matthew Boss: And then fourth quarter headwinds?
Scott Goldenberg: The fourth quarter headwinds a significant part of that in the gross -- I assume you're calling at the gross margin is the two things, one is the reversal of the gain we had on the hedge which make up little less than half of our 70 basis point drop in gross profit margin of fourth quarter and then the continued supply chain cost, but also some deleveraged on the two comp at the high end that we have thats in the buying and occupancy line. So those would be the three major headwinds in the fourth quarter to the gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Binetti. Your line is now open.
Michael Binetti: Can I just continue on our last question, what level of comp do you think would help you mitigate that deleverage you talked about on some of the supply chain cost on the fourth quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, typically it's a strong three that you need to leverage your buying and occupancy cost.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Thanks. And then we have seen the department store is all coming and sort of lowering their inventories and you guys are saying AURs have been lower and part of it is mix? But so the -- it's seems like the gap should be widening for your pricing umbrella relative to the department store, is that historically can be as room to that guys move up more? Or do you look at that in sale, it looks an opportunity for us we always preferred to gather share? How do you look at kind of some of the high level changes we are seeing across the industry right now as far as your outlook for AUR?
Ernie Herrman: So, Michael, youre hitting on the two grade points. First of all, we look at it as market share opportunities. Were very reluctant to raise prices unless we see them raised. So we dont lead that process, we let those retailers as youre talking about even though that the lean inventories. They still have unfortunately rights in many cases decreasing sales based. So they are not necessarily going to raise that we havent seen any way. And we let that process happen more bottom up from our buyers and merchandise managers that are always looking at what the other retailers are retailing actually. So, I tell you yes represent two opportunities, we do a little bit above, we might be able to go up and we tell as we see it happening, we just dont call that about our level, we really let that. Just like when by the way when you have average tickets were going down, that was driven by strategy from the buyer and merchandising manager level. This happens surgically, very surgically by item, by vendor down at the department level, when we surgically take them up at that time. So, hopefully that answers your question. Its really too -- you're hitting on both appropriately both aspects.
Michael Binetti: And can I just ask you, you referenced the comments you made last quarter about looking ahead to your fiscal 18 to next year a little bit and some of the headwinds for us to be thinking about as we do some longer range modeling? Would you mind truing us up, another quarter has gone by at this point, FX has moved a little bit. Minimum wages, you guys have done a good job of offsetting a lot of the wages. You also mentioned some investments to leave a little bit of flexibility. I think it all rounded out to 500 to 600 basis points of headwind in the model for next year, similar to this year. Is that still the right range to be thinking about? Any kind of updates to the way you've been thinking about that over the last three months? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg: This is Scott. I think nothing, no new store report in terms of whether its wages investments or as I talked earlier in terms of answering the question Matt asked on FX. So, well be giving long-term -- well be giving guidance and updating it on the next call as in that really no news store report. All, Michael, as we will plan to get into more debt FY18.
Operator: Our next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann. Your line is now open.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Hi. Good morning, guys. I was wondering if you could add any color on performance by region or by store type.
Ernie Herrman: The only thing that we talked about in terms of region and in terms of our largest division Marmaxx, the sales were strong across all of our regions in the U.S. Im not sure, if youre asking about the divisions or youre asking about Marmaxx, but sales were strong across all divisions and we are pleased that both parallel sales were getting strong for the year third quarter in a row at Marmaxx as well.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Okay. Great. And just a follow-on. Inventory per store, excluding currency down, versus your comp, and has slowed or has been slowing for a few successive quarters. I was hoping maybe you could give a little more color as to what's going on, if there's any shift in your approach to buying and any sort of change in the availability of goods out there for you to buy? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Lindsay, when youre saying slower, you mean, you seen the inventory levels coming down.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Yes, exactly.
Ernie Herrman: Overtime here recently, so there is a -- how would I put it -- there is always a lot of goods, but as you saw or heard in the script and we talked about that last time as well. The market is ramped up a little bit in terms of more loaded market place across more categories than we have seen in the past. So as much as you will read that we tell you timed up an inventory, we are not running into that situation in terms of market availability in terms of what's in the wholesale market. So that presents an opportunity for us to where possible run with linear inventories to take advantage closer in on the buying. So hopefully you understand, we are going to try to buy I guess simplifying it more hand to mouth closer in than we were a year ago because of the availability.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: And thats a primary driver of your change in inventories being down now?
Ernie Herrman: It's a piece, yes, while we have an iteration sometimes when you look at this year versus last year, you can -- when you're off-price and opportunistic, you can have gyrations that hit point in time that aren't pure as that. But we did feel like at this time period, it would be nice to have more liquidity based on what's going on in the market. So it was -- I would say I dont know half of that was a strategy.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean we just to echo on what Ernie, we ended the second quarter with our inventories on a constant currency flat, and we delivered a flat comp. And I think going back over many periods whether our inventories have been low or slightly higher than that it's really has an impacted our ability to procure the inventory and fit whatever sales are out there for us to get. Having said that, as Ernie said, also we are very conformable in our per-store inventories at the store across all our divisions are pretty much where we want them to be.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I would say right now this is textbook where we would like to be. We couldn't ask for to be in a better position going into this quarter than where we are right in the inventories and the open a buy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez. Your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez: Curious about your future investment in e-com? What are those investments going to look like relative to what you spent in the past? Are you thinking about kicking them up? Pulling them back? And also curious as relates to e-com, if you included the e-com business in your US Marmaxx business comp, and your UK e-com business and the international comp, just wondering if it would move the dial?
Ernie Herrman: So Paul very good questions, I would say the first one is on the investments, we are very methodical about it. So we dont as others have we arent going in investing at the high service peak. So we are -- I guess you would call leveling off on our investments there actually, because we are couple of years in on the tjmax.com business. So again very comfortable, we like the traffic we are getting. We like to sales the way it's doing and on the flip side as you know what be coming up, be careful on your cost structure. So, in terms of the domestic e-com businesses which are really tjmax.com and STP, we have taken a hard look at the cost structures and making sure that we will keep our investment at a very appropriate level and in fact a leveling off level, I guess would be the best way to describe it. Also in Europe, similar approach and we are actually running that very efficiently and same idea with the investments we are looking hard and fast and all of that links into your second quarter why do we do all that. While our e-com business in total is only little over 1% of our total business so when you ask that question first of all what the e-com increase has helped our comp ES but what it register I would say not mathematically not that strong because its such a small percentage of the total today. Having said that, it's growing at a faster clip than the brick-and-mortar just a very small base of over 1%.
Scott Goldenberg: It's growing so fast that it would actually kick the comp up a bit not the region. If I, Paul, it's Scott, as Ernie said, it's 1% of our total sales growth by 1% by our total sales growth by definition the most you can round it would be to round it potentially a 1% in total, on TJX basis.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, ironically, Paul, in Europe it would actually move the comp there a little bit because were little bigger in New York as a percent to our business. And I was just in Europe last week coincidently, and we spent quite a bit of time talking strategically about where were going with e-commerce as well as looking at the metrics and what it's doing for the total in terms of traffic et cetera. And it would actually move the comp in Europe, but not a full point, but a little bit just under that actually.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick. Your line is now open.
Brian Tunick: Hi, wanted to stick with that Europe theme? Just curious, your margins there used to be 7%, 8%, I think you had somewhat more aspirational goals than that. So just curious what kind of comp do you need in Europe to get the margins close to that high single digits? When does Trade Secret become more neutral to the earnings? And then the second question, hypothetically at a 15% tax rate, you guys would be throwing off an additional $1 billion of free cash next year. So curious -- I know you have a mix of international as well as many domestic taxes, but is there really a thought internally that this is what could play out next year? And would you use that additional $1 billion for share repurchase versus dividends? Any thoughts along those lines would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Scott Goldenberg: Ill jump in before Ernie talks about Europe in more detail, Brian. But it's just too early to speculate on potential impact of new policies or legislation until it's passed and then wed only comment obviously if it's relevant to our business, so just too early at this point to speculate. And in terms of Europe, Ill just start off for a second, then Ernie. Some of the biggest impact has been FX over the -- certainly couple of. This year, it has been with Canada. Weve had opening up the new businesses, not new businesses, new countries in the last year or two. Weve also been ramping up the number of stores. So with the 50 plus stores weve opened up both this year, I mean almost hit that level the last year, new stores since it takes several years to get majority to put a big of an impact on your earnings that in combination with the systems. And the infrastructure needed to support that score of store and certainly put it down. So, its really less about the comp, the same level of comp when you hit that three plus rang at all divisions. All things being equal as usually the break point, but with wage systems and opening up the number of stores in the countries put a bit of pressure. The only thing before Ernie talks about Trade Secret and Europe in general as we move to the fourth quarter, we purchased Trade Secret at the end of October a year ago. So, in terms of the deleverage, we would expect that to moderate and that'd be a meaningful impact as we enter actually the quarter that were currently in the fourth.
Ernie Herrman: Thats what I was going on that. So, Brian, in terms of Europe, its the good timing for your question. I was there all the last week coincidently and we went hit a lot of floor walks with the merchants as well as our field store personnel and we are well poised for the fourth quarter. I have to tell you that I am extremely bullish on what I saw over there last week for where we are heading into mid-November in terms of mix in the stores and how were presenting and how were staff for servicing the customers, so feeling very good about that. The other things keep in mind there and this I think starts to answer your question at least in terms of yes comp would help. Why do I think the comp will get better is they're positioned well, but the sales that we have the flat quarter, we were dealing with unseasonably warm, unseasonably warm weather there. And you look at the environment as it is and we are clearly gaining market share. If you look at some of those results that come out and we dont like to get specifics on that, but you can see that we are making very major in-roads, not to similar than we are see here. Its just all of the numbers are lower there. There are bigger decreases, some store closings we just announced from a couple of the retailers over there, which you can figure out who they were. And so were very bullish on our market share gain there. The FX is really put a bit of damper on the margin rate starting now often and talking about how they have to come back to us at one point. And the medium-and short-term here that I am looking for us to continue to gain more customers and that team over there, I wish sometime you could see the team over there, they are extremely diligent and saying execution when times get tough. So one of the things I get them credit for, I think you notice the profit over there was slightly above our segment profit plan and that was due to how diligently, they control their liquidity and managed expenses on the quarter, when the sales are only flat. So I give that a lot of credit for same liquid watching expenses and get employees for availability of which you can imagine, they have enormous availability over there for the fourth quarter, so again feeling very good about that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Saad. Your line is now open.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Good morning. Great quarter, guys. I still wanted to ask about the comp guide for the fourth quarter? I know you initially gave that guidance last quarter, I think at the time you said you'd give more insight around it. You've been giving 2% to 3% comp guides I think for the last six or seven quarters until now, is there something different you're seeing in the fourth quarter this year? Is it just a more difficult compare? Are there other dynamic underlying that we should think about? Trying not to read too much into it. 
Ernie Herrman: So Omar, I would say that what you said right very end about, not reading too much into product with right attitude, we are -- this is a classic case of wanting to stay as we always have conservative in our planning and our intension here is to beat those numbers. It just we have a long way to go in the quarter and so we have planned to stock at the beginning of the year, up against one of our healthier quarters. When you look at couple of years' stock, we just thought it was on our end to be judicious and conservative. And it's really no dip in the math. So, again the last thing you said, I wouldnt read too much into it. We are feeling good about it, but thats the best way we thought to plan that quarter relative to the other quarters we plan to two to three.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is now open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Scott, I just wanted to go through the 2017 growth investments? It seems like at least some of these will be rolling off in either the first or the second quarter of -- rather, let's go through the 2016 growth investments and I think some of them will roll off throughout calendar year 2017. You talked about the HomeGoods distribution center, the Canadian distribution center opened in the second quarter of this year, obviously once we get past Q1 you will basically have anniversaried those. But I'm wondering if you can just go through the list of 2016 investments and just talk about where you are in terms of the timing of how those investments are flowing into the expense structure? Including an update on your systems, upgrades that you're working on? And looking out to 2017, we understand you're not providing guidance today, obviously, but are there some expense pressures or investments that we should keep in mind looking out into calendar 2017? Thanks so much.
Scott Goldenberg: Hi, Kimberly. So just to cover, again as I said earlier really no new news here, so the biggest thing we call out we reiterated again on in this script today was that there is the 3% wage increase. So that we still have in the 3% impact next year in terms of EPS growth. In terms of other items, too early to make call on the FX rather than at this point it would be -- I mean it's clearly we sold out a 3% overall impact this year too early to make a call as in with the continued drop of the pound over the last two quarters. It would be some impact, but thats about all. We are going to say at this point in time, there is too much buying that hasnt taken place and all too really get specific in terms of what the impact on currency will be on our mark on. And as we all know there has been a lot of movement from the last two years at the end of currency, so too early to call on the mark-to-market, other than what we have in our guidance for the fourth quarter. In terms of the investment for both systems and supply chain, you are correct, we have the two DCs of Canada and HomeGoods that happen this year, but we really haven't been specific other than what we said in the last two quarters that we expected our supply -- overall supply chain in IT cost to be about the same impact next year. But again thats not our -- thats what we have been saying we will give further clarification on that on our year end call. So unfortunately no new news in terms of the specific timing of how it's going to impact the quarters in the next year.
Kimberly Greenberger: Understood. Thank you for that Scott. I am wondering if you can just remind us what were the supply chain and IT headwinds that you articulated for a calendar year 2016 and your fiscal 2017?
Scott Goldenberg: We never actually broke out the specific other than in terms of an EPS growth we were really just calling out the FX and the wage increases. So other than and thats really it.
Kimberly Greenberger: Understood. Okay, thanks so much.
Scott Goldenberg: And the only other thing I would add is the thing thats been bit of as Ernie talked about earlier and I think Ernie would say out, is the average ticket impact to next year, so too early.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, really forecast exactly where thats going to be.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Bob Drbul. Your line is now open.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple questions. Can you talk a little about the month to month progression throughout the quarter? And the second question that I have is, can you talk about the performance of the home business, really both within HomeGoods and also within the home business at Marmaxx and how that's been trending? 
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Bob. Well talk a little bit about the progressions and Scott will get that a little bit together. On the home business I think we talked about it and one thing by the way I would like everyone to know is, our apparel business has been strong throughout the year and the last quarter. So, it has been healthy all the way across board, but our home business in particular as you guys can see from HomeGoods results has continued to take major market share and accelerate. That would apply to Marmaxx's home business is healthy. We dont give the numbers obviously and I would just say domestically home continues to present an opportunity for us, and we will continue to expand their and execute. And again we like our model there, it's quite the treasure hunt and quite the impulsive model that has resonated extremely well with consumers, all year long and we dont see that changing, so a great question.
Scott Goldenberg: And Bob in terms of the cadence and unfortunately to disappoint you, thats been several years and that we dont comment on the enter quarter sales trends.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Baker. Your line is now open.
Q  Michael Baker: Thanks. So you're very liquid in terms of your open to buy? How quickly can you react to that and get product into the stores? What kind of lead time do you need to get things into the stores before Christmas?
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Mike. This is weve talked about in some of the supply chain advantages that weve created over the last few years while we have enabled the merchants to do is by a little closer and weve probably saved and we cant really give you an exact amount of time but it's really down to how about this, it's down there more like a few weeks. And it used to be double that not so long ago. So what that has allowed our merchants to do is continue to buy later into the season with more knowledge and take advantage of more inventory close out lists that sometime show up at a time when before, it would have become a pack away. And now we can become in season sales driver that is going for the vendor because they dont have to deal with us on a pack away. And at the same time straight for our customers more importantly because they get to see this fresh goods hitting just before Christmas or just before Thanksgiving that are very fresh and just recently in other stores. So, great question, again its been one of the big needle movers I think in our buying approach over the last five or seven years.
Mike Baker: Okay, great, thanks for the color. I don't know if other people stuck to the one question, I can't remember. So I'll try one more. SG&A, the expected deleverage is a lot less in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, which by the way is opposite what you're saying about the gross margins? I'm wondering why that might be in the fourth quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, Mike. So we have the same amount of wage and Ill call supply, the investments that we have and except last year, were in the fourth quarter, were against the contribution we made to our foundation and some incentive accruals that due to the great fourth quarter we had last year that were more booked, were a higher percentage we booked in the fourth quarter. So recycling that, so we have a benefit and thats why we have the significantly lower SG&A rate in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Roxanne Meyer. Your line is now open.
Roxanne Meyer: Great. Thanks and good afternoon. My question is on the increase globalization of your product. Im just wondering, if you can update us on your buying strategy, particularly from Marmaxx. As you take a more global approach to your product and merchandise? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Roxanne, when you say global I just want to make sure answering the question correctly. When you say a global approach in terms of Marmaxx, are you referring to goods you see in the stores or?
Roxanne Meyer: Yes, and even in your prepared remarks, you talked about getting more eclectic goods from around the world in your stores. And Im just wondering how youre buying your merchandise?
Ernie Herrman: Well, so we have few different ways. One is our divisions or more links up. So we have a division in Europe, which as many buyers in Europe division in Canada that travels to Europe and internationally, as well as satellite buying offices, we have buyers in Europe and satellite office to represents HomeGoods and Marmaxx. We have California buying office, they travel to other countries. Our buying offices do a lot more exploratory trips. All the different buying offices will try going in the new places where we think that our new categories of goods that will be exciting. Examples are like leather goods out of Italy. So or something that is out of Africa that would be great in the home deck area. Those are type of things youre talking that we hit Marmaxx that a more global type buys. Theres clearly if you look, we even had like outdoor type items that are bought HomeGoods and is going to brought certainly obviously internationally purchase buy or so. Weve added to like, I think I talked about the buying staff has doubled over the last 10 years and part of that buying structure is buying global merchandise, buying from other areas. So that has been a huge, huge advantage. Thats why we have the 1,000 buyers now. And when you see that, I think I mentioned that we have 18,000 vendors and that has growing up a significant amount really just the five years. A lot of those vendors are international vendors and are giving us that different flavor. So, it's a great question because what we get out of it we think is a differentiating piece in our mix that other retailers really can't show. And it's because as I said in my script thats where I think where our sourcing machine and really we just have a very talented buying team that gets a lot of ground cover in a lot of parts of world. Hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. So our final question for today comes from Richard Jaffe. Your line is now open.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much, guys. And just a digression to Sierra Trading? It was an interesting acquisition several years ago, wondering how that's playing out, how accretive it's become and perhaps more importantly, could you talk about some of your learnings from that business? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Sure Richard, so Sierra Trading Post when we acquired it we have -- and I think we have talked about this before, we have been going through some learnings in terms of remodeling the business, because the business, the website was much more promotional than as you can imagine we would wanted to be being an aggregate value our price retailer. So interesting timing I you would ask this question because we have recently taken a good chunk of that and gone to everyday value that when I say recently that was about a month ago. And we were not happy with our results prior to that as we were kind of wining ourselves off that situation, but since that we are feeling a much better about the day and day out traffic and purchases. We still are not all in all happy with the website business. It's a little early to tell. So we have really done after the store initiative, which I think we have talked about. We want -- we have got plenty of room now to find out a bulk of way of business because of this value pricing. We have done some reorg with merchants that are in place, and we are feeling really good about going forward there. And we will actually -- we have somewhat to can't talk about some interesting marketing plans for the website going forward that I think are going to pay this dividend along with the value pricing that we have started there. We're putting some new merchants there to help with the website business. And the store end of the STP business, we have actually been very with that one been a longer term success rate for us. It's just early and it's really early in the whole curve of building that business. So, we are going to have some sites that at yearend call will talk in more that depth. We won't go into that today. We will talk about at yearend call, some of the stores that we are going to open there and we will give more color I think on the total business at that point in time.
Ernie Herrman: So, I believe that is the end of our call. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you at our yearend earnings call in February. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect thank you for participating.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-08-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie Herrman - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Debra McConnell - Senior Vice President, Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank  Michael Binetti - UBS Jeffrey Stein - Northcoast Research Partners, LLC Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC. Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company  Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, August 16, 2016. And now Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Ernie Hermann, Chief Executive Officer and President of TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Jim. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in todays press release and the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that Im very pleased with our second quarter results. Consolidated comp-store sales grew a strong 4% over a 6% increase last year and above our plan. This marks the 30th consecutive quarter of comp growth for TJX. We are thrilled that the comp was once again driven almost entirely by customer traffic. This is also the seventh consecutive quarter that traffic was the primary driver of our comp increase. In addition, it was great to see the traffic was the primary driver of the comp increases at all four major divisions as our great brands, amazing values and eclectic merchandise mix keep resonating with consumers. We are convinced that we are attracting new customers, driving more frequent visits to our stores and gaining market share. Further, we are pleased with the strong performance across our apparel areas, including accessories and home businesses. Earnings per share increased 5%, well above our expectations and over a strong increase last year. We achieved these results despite significant headwinds from wage increases and investments to support our growth. Further, we were extremely pleased with our strong merchandise margin increase despite a significant impact from transactional foreign exchange. Our results once again demonstrate the power of our flexible business model and our ability to execute across many different retail environments. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our full-year comp and EPS guidance. Looking ahead, the third quarter is off to a solid start, and we have many initiatives planned for the back half of the year to keep driving traffic and sales. We are confident we will achieve our goals and as always, our management team will strive to surpass them. We see many near and long-term opportunities for growth and are well on our way to growing TJX to a $40 billion-plus company. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 4% over last years 6% growth, which was above our plan. I want to note that this reflects the comp growth in our brick-and-mortar stores and excludes our e-commerce businesses. We were very pleased that customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at every division again this quarter. It was also great to see an increase in our units sold for another consecutive quarter. Average ticket decreased slightly more than planned. Diluted earnings per share were $0.84, a 5% increase over last years $0.80 and well above our plan. As expected, our EPS growth was negatively impacted by approximately 3% due to wage increases. The impact of foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange had a neutral impact to EPS growth versus our expectation of a 2% negative impact. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 11.6%, down 40 basis points versus the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.4%, up 30 basis points versus last year and significantly better than we planned. This was primarily due to a strong increase in merchandise margins and gains on our inventory hedges. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 17.7%, up 80 basis points versus last years ratio. This increase was primarily due to wage increases and investments to support our growth, as we had planned. At the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were flat on a constant currency basis. We are very pleased with our lean inventory position entering the third quarter as we are set up extremely well to flow fresh goods to our stores throughout the back half of the year. Now to recap our second quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased a strong 4% this quarter on top of last years 4% increase. Once again, it was terrific to see customer traffic as the primary driver of the comp increase. We continue to see a decrease in average ticket and significant increase in units sold. We are pleased that our merchandise mix and values remain a great draw for customers, which tells us that our strategies to balance the mix and offer even better values are working. Segment profit margin decreased 30 basis points as our very strong merchandise margin increase was more than offset by wage increases and costs associated with a lower average ticket. We are very pleased with the comp and traffic momentum at our largest division and have many initiatives planned to keep gaining market share. HomeGoods delivered another great quarter, with comps increasing 5% over last years 9% growth. Segment profit margin was up 50 basis points due to an extremely strong increase in merchandise margins. As we anticipated, wage increases continue to have a significant negative impact in HomeGoods margin. Separately, to support the long-term growth potential of this chain, we opened a new distribution center in Tucson, Arizona in the second quarter. As a reminder, we see the potential to expand HomeGoods to be a 1,000-store chain, nearly double its current size. At TJX Canada, comps grew an outstanding 9% this quarter, over last years 12% increase. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was down 150 basis points. This decrease was primarily due to the negative impact at the year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar had on merchandise margins. That said, we are very pleased with the sharp execution of our Canadian organization, which mitigated some of this pressure. TJXs Canadas margins were also impacted by increased supply chain cost as we opened a new distribution center to support this countrys future growth. We continue to be thrilled with the strength we have seen across all three of our Canadian chains. TJX Internationals comps were up 2%, over a 5% increase last year. While sales in the UK were slightly lower than we planned, our trends leading up to the Brexit vote were very strong. In addition, we were pleased to perform much better than many major retailers in the UK as the Brexit vote weighed on consumers there. We believe we are gaining significant market share in this environment. This speaks to our resiliency and ability to drive sales even in challenging times. As a whole, TJX International comps were in line with our plans due to the strong performance of our other European regions. It was also nice to see the benefit of our diversified European store base this quarter. Further, as we began the third quarter, comps in the UK have been positive. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency was down 260 basis points. This decline was primarily due to a combination of integrating Trade Secret in Australia into our business, investments to support growth and wage increases. We feel great about our international growth potential and our opportunity to maximize our first-mover advantages in many geographies. Ill finish with our shareholder distributions. During the second quarter, we bought back $400 million of TJX stock, retiring 5.2 million shares. For the first half of the year, we have retired 10.2 million shares, buying back $775 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back between $1.5 billion to $2 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and Ill recap our third quarter and full-year fiscal 2017 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks, Scott. Ill begin by reiterating our key strengths, which give us great confidence. We believe these strengths not only differentiate TJX from most other major retailers, but also position us for continued success, particularly in todays retail environment. First, we are a global sourcing machine, a world-class buying organization, has more than 1,000 associates seeking the best merchandise from the universe of more than 18,000 vendors in over 100 countries. We are extremely proud of the depth, experience, and longevity of our buying teams, which we are convinced, is a major TJX advantage. Second, our global supply chain distribution network and proprietary systems have been built and refined to support our global off-price business model. The flexibility of our global infrastructure allows us to adjust the merchandise flow to our stores and respond rapidly to changing consumer and market trends. We believe this is a key advantage in any retail environment. Next, we are leveraging our global presence and expertise. Our four major divisions operate as one TJX across nine countries and three continents and are highly integrated and synergistic. We have a culture where associates are encouraged to share ideas, initiatives, and best practices that can be leveraged across our businesses. All of these factors that differentiate TJX enable us to deliver amazing value to consumers. Value has been the mission of our Company since day one. We are confident that offering consumers quality, branded merchandise at great values will continue to attract more U.S. and international shoppers to our stores. Now, I will briefly recap our three major growth drivers. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales. Our results tell us that our strategies and initiatives are working. We are even more excited about the opportunity we see to capture additional market share in the U.S. and internationally. While e-commerce represents a very small percentage of our overall sales, we see it as a complement to our physical location and another way to drive incremental sales and traffic. Next, is our enormous global store growth potential. With nearly 3,700 stores today, we see the opportunity to grow by more than 50% to 5,600 stores long-term. This includes nearly 1,400 more stores in North America and over 500 additional stores in Europe and Australia. This reflects the opportunity we see with just our current chains in just our current markets alone, and thats before contemplating the potential to expand into new countries or open new chains in existing markets. Our third major growth driver is new seeds and innovation. We are always testing new ideas and initiatives across the Company that could lead to new categories or meaningful drivers of future growth. I am convinced that our constant focus on innovation will keep us differentiated from the rest of the retail world. To support our goals for growth, we continue to make significant investments in the business. We are investing where we believe we can capitalize on our first-mover advantages and build upon our leadership positions around the world. While we expect our investments in new seeds, IT systems, supply chain, including distribution centers and talent to impact our EPS growth in the short-term, we are confident that they will allow us to gain additional market share in the long-term. Now, Ill spend a moment on our opportunities for the back half of the year. First, we have many exciting gift-giving initiatives planned for the holiday season. Every year, our goal is to be even better than the year before. We will be offering amazing gift selections from around the world, all at exciting values and shipping them throughout the holiday season. I believe all these factors will be a major differentiator for all of our retail brands this holiday season. Second, Im very excited about our marketing strategy for the back half. We feel very good about our fall creative campaigns, and during the holiday season, we will be rolling out our tri-branding campaigns in the U.S. and Canada again this year. Well also continue our integrated marketing approach to TV, digital, mobile and social media to engage a wide shopper demographic. Third, to encourage more frequent visits and cross-shopping our brands, were growing our loyalty programs in the U.S. and Canada. We also continue to be pleased with our pilot program in the UK. Next, every day, we work to upgrade the shopping experience in our stores. Our customer satisfaction scores increased at every division in the second quarter and we have a number of plans for the back half. We believe our in-store initiatives will make the shopping experience exciting, convenient and extremely positive for consumers during this busy time of year. Lastly, we see a marketplace that is loaded with quality-branded goods. We are extremely pleased with the abundance of merchandise available to us for the fall and winter seasons. In closing, I am so proud of our organizations excellent performance in the second quarter. Marmaxx, TJX Canada and HomeGoods significantly outperformed their plans, and TJX International proved, once again, the resiliency of our off-price model in challenging times. In todays uncertain environment, both in the U.S. and internationally, the power and flexibility of our off-price model gives me and our entire management team tremendous confidence. TJX is a Company that has achieved sales and profit growth through many kinds of retail, economic and political climates. Throughout our history, we have seen time and time again that when we stay focused on execution and we deliver compelling brands, fashion and values to consumers, we succeed. I am convinced we are gaining market share, and I am excited about our opportunities for the second half of the year. We remain laser-focused on driving traffic and sales across all divisions. Our management team is committed to achieving our plans, and were passionate about surpassing them. Im very confident that we have the people and strategy in place to successfully achieve our goals for the future. Now Ill turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. Then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Ernie. Before I begin, I want to briefly talk to the implication of Brexit for us going forward. We continue to monitor the situation very closely, including how we may need to adapt to comply with potential changes such as new regulations or requirements. We remain as confident as ever in the strength and growth prospects of our European business. Further, we are convinced that the flexibility of our business model will continue to serve us well and allow us to gain market share and capitalize on the off-price buying opportunities that disruptions in the marketplace tend to create. Now to fiscal 2017 guidance, beginning with the full-year. As we stated in our press release this morning, we recently offered eligible former TJX associates who have not yet commenced their pension benefit an opportunity to receive a lump-sum payout of their vested pension benefit. We anticipate that the impact of this pension payout, primarily a non-cash settlement charge, could negatively impact fiscal 2017 EPS by approximately $0.03 to $0.05, but could be higher or lower depending on participation rates and other factors. To be clear, all of the guidance we are providing today excludes the potential impact of this pension payout offer. Further, we plan to present adjusted results in the third quarter that will exclude its potential impact. Moving on as Ernie mentioned, we are raising our full-year diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect our above-plan second quarter. We now expect fiscal 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.43, which would be up 2% to 3% versus $3.33 in fiscal 2016. As a reminder, our plans assume a negative impact to EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 3% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. We are also raising our full-year comp sales guidance given our above-plan sales in the second quarter. We now expect a comp increase of 3% to 4% on a consolidated basis in fiscal 2017. For the year, pretax profit margin is planned to be in the 11.2% to 11.3% range versus 11.8% last year. Were looking for gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.6% to 28.7% versus 28.8% last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 17.3% versus 16.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.5% and net interest expense of about $48 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $665 million. Now to our full-year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are planning a comp growth of 3% on sales of $20.9 billion to $21 billion. Additionally, we now expect segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.9% to 14.0%. For the second half of fiscal 2017, we are now planning Marmaxxs average ticket to decrease slightly versus last year. The balance of our merchandise mix and our values are clearly resonating with customers and consumers, and we plan to continue with our strategies. As always, we are all about great product and our value gap with traditional retailers. Importantly, despite the expected decrease in average ticket, we are still looking for merchandise margins to increase. At HomeGoods, we continue to expect comps to increase 4% to 5% on sales of $4.3 billion. We now expect segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.1% to 13.3%. At TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 7% to 8% on sales of $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion. We now expect adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 13.5% to 13.6%. At TJX International, we are expecting comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $4.4 billion to $4.5 billion and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 5.5% to 5.6%. Now to Q3 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.83 to $0.85 versus last years $0.86 per share. The guidance assumes an expected negative impact EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 3% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. We are modeling third quarter consolidated sales of $8.1 billion to $8.2 billion. This guidance assumes a 2% negative impact to revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we are assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Third quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.9% to 11.1% range versus 12.1% last year. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.9% to 29.0% versus 29.0% last year. This assumes an increase in merchandise margins offset by continued transactional foreign exchange pressure and costs associated with opening new distribution centers to support our growth. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 17.7% to 17.8% range versus 16.7% last year. This is primarily due to wage increases and investments to support our growth. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.5% and net interest expense of about $11 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $663 million. Our third quarter and full-year guidance implies a fourth quarter comp increase of 1% to 2% and EPS of $0.98 to $1. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. It is important to remember that our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the third quarter. Before we start Q&A, I want to remind you of some of the potential headwinds we are facing in fiscal 2018 based on what we know today. We plan to provide detailed fiscal 2018 guidance on our year end call, but we wanted to review these few points, as we have heard a lot of questions on them. First, we expect that wage increases will have a similar negative impact to EPS growth next year as we are planning this year, so about 3%. Further, we anticipate that wage pressures will continue beyond fiscal 2018. Second, while foreign exchange is an unknown today, at current rates, we would expect foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange to continue to have a negative impact to margins and EPS growth next year. Finally, in fiscal 2018, we plan to continue our investments in our IT system, supply chain and new seeds to support our growth goals. Again, well provide detailed fiscal 2018 guidance on our year end call. Wrapping up, to reiterate what Ernie said, we feel great about our business and our opportunities for the back half of the year. We believe our increases in traffic, sales, and merchandise margins are all indicators of the fundamental strength of our business. We continue to make important investments in the business and fund new seeds that we are convinced would help us gain market share in the short and long-term. We are extremely excited about the future of TJX. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Kimberly Greenberger. You may ask your question.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. Good morning and congratulations on the really solid second quarter. Ernie, my question is on the AUR. I may not be remembering correctly, but I thought last year, weve started to see the AUR declined in the second quarter. And it sounds like from your comments today anniversarying that, there are some incremental AUR declines. In May, when we talked about this, you indicated that the buyers are seeing really nice opportunities to actually fortify the assortment at the opening price point across categories, and thats really been the driver. So is that still the driver here going into year two, if Im remembering that correctly? And are there some incremental opportunities that the buyers are seeing out there across categories? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Kimberly, good memory. Yes, we discussed that really over the last year. Theres been a lot of dynamics going on there. I would say that the average ticket situation has really been a combination and continues to be a combination. It isnt just the buying better value. Its also a tweaking of the mix across some departments. So some categories have been emphasized while others deemphasized and some departments and so happens that in some of those areas, the average ticket is lower. And since we have brought them up driven, and I think we did talk about that before as well with you guys, we dont top-down manage that process. The buyers really drive the bus on that. And so what happens is some of our other businesses and that are trending happened to have lower average ticket and as we chase them, that lowers the total average ticket in the store down. Having said that, it has moderated from where we were a year ago, and we actually thought at this point, wed be a little bit more moderated, but it is still leveling off from where it was six months ago. So were pretty happy with that. To your second question about the opportunities out there, and I guess, youre getting out just in general, right? Is that youre not just referring to certain opportunities at certain average tickets, right?
Kimberly Greenberger: In general.
Ernie Herrman: In general. Well and we kind of put this in the script, and its something we dont like too many specifics on, but the markets have an exceptional amount of goods. The markets always have a lot of goods. So we just right now, I would say have had to be very diligent on holding back our buyers and not buying too soon. We always have to do that. I would say that we probably had a ramp that effort up a little more strongly than we have in the past only because of the environment out there is yielding a little bit more than we typically would see, especially at this time period. Right now, its not exactly the time period you would see so much, but there is quite a bit out there. So yes, a lot of opportunities in it not one area, not one price zone, not like moderate or better, a little bit across the board. And so one thing weve strategically done is we leaned up our inventories to more of a flat level so that we could take advantage of this marketplace. Because the marketplace is so flushed with goods, we thought it was a good time to actually lean up our inventories a little bit more than we had been running. So thats one reason you saw a little shift there where even a little bit more liquid than we were three months or six months ago.
Kimberly Greenberger: Fantastic good luck for the second half.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Kimberly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning, everyone. Let me add my congratulations on the quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Ike Boruchow: I guess, my question is you clearly have some big investments you talked about in the call today around new DCs and supply chain that continue to take shape. And there is ongoing headwinds around wages that youll need to plan for as well. So when you look at some - maybe some of the money losing areas of the business today, and Im assuming online falls in that bucket, do you internally discuss what strategies may not be as compelling as they may have looked several years ago or maybe you didnt understand what kind of expense pressures loomed here in 2016, 2017, 2018?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Ike, let me jump in, and I think Scott will probably jump in right after. You make a great  its interesting what youre asking is somewhat of a question, somewhat of a statement. When you think about how we handle e-com and to your point, e-com, and I think we said it many, many times, its a relatively small portion of our business. And we specifically, under the heading of what youre really kind of talking about is looking at it in the total. We look at the opportunity, we weigh out the effort involved and certainly, the expense or profitability involved. And we say we want to take it step-by-step. And that is what we have done with our e-com business really to your question/statement. And Scott, I dont know if you have anything to add there, but thats really strategically how we look at that piece of the business and it would fall under the heading, I think you were talking about is something that you dont feel too heavily. Although were happy with the way its going.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, as Ernie, I think, has said before that primary driver with us opening up almost 200 stores this year and hopefully more than that in the future, thats going to be the primary driver of our incremental sales growth and the comp growth on our existing base. Having said that, as Ernie said, were pleased with a lot of the metrics and the sales growth we see at tkmaxx.com and tjmaxx.com we like our conversion, our average order value, a lot of what we see the adding of categories, vendors, et cetera. So I think weve said that before and were investing proportionately on our $1 billion plus capital. Were spending money, but its proportionate to the size of the business. So I think thats all I have to add.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. You may ask you question.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. Hey Macys closing 100 stores at the end of this year. Just curious what that means to you guys - clearing through inventory as those stores do close down versus the market share opportunity potential for you guys next year. How are you thinking about it? And what have you seen in the last class of Macys stores that have closed. And Im just curious if you do anything from a marketing perspective in those markets? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: Paul, good question, clearly, an indicator of the times that were in and the environment thats out there, we dont like to comment specifically on another retailer or whats going on there. Under our big heading, you heard us talk about gaining market share numerous times throughout our call. That is still our focus. We believe any of the uneasiness thats happening or any of the store closures not just Macys, anywhere across the board in this market. And theres been a fair amount announced this year in FY 2017, let alone in FY 2016. And I think its what youre getting at. We believe theres market share  additional market share opportunities for us. We dont really watch the actual closing effects as much and what that does in the nearby locations because its temporary, so we tend to be more long-term oriented. But clearly, theres some uneasiness and some changing dynamics with all the store closures that are going on domestically and internationally, by the way. So we look at whats happening domestically. And theres far beyond just Macys. Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I think a couple of points, as Ernie  I mean, in addition to Macys, I mean, its been between all - the close to 2,000 stores that are going to be closing Macys. The Macy stores that they announced last year, the 35 to 40, as Ernie said, just to put this in context when we were asked over previous years with other retailers. Im sure were getting our fair share from other retailers, but when other retailers comps have gone up and down, I dont think its the primary driver of the comp increase that were getting. But I do think, as Ernie said, it does pertain well for us, not necessarily per se Macys, but the real estate environment as other retailers both  as Ernie indicated both in Europe and the U.S. too, feel confident in our store openings that weve talked about and hopefully even more in the future.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. To that point, by the way, its a little bit of a tangent, but when we look at the Europe environment, and Scott was just touching on it, we feel like there are real estate opportunities for acquiring real estate sites as well as merchandising and sales, market share opportunity. So thats another interesting dynamic that will take place.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baker. You may ask your question.
Michael Baker: Thanks, guys. I want to ask about the trend of the business through the quarter. Can you talk about how that played out? And one thing if you look at is the gap between your comps and department stores and while you guys are clearly taking market share still that gap did narrow. Im wondering did you see them being a little bit more promotional, just try to win back some share or anything specific to point out there? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: So Mike, on the gap narrowing, are you looking at that relatively like first quarter or...
Michael Baker: Yes, exactly. If you just simply do your comps minus an average for some of the discount department stores and compare that gap to what it was in the first quarter, it did narrow. So I was just wondering if you could provide why you think that may have happened, were they more promotional or any other thoughts? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: I dont know. We have a few dynamics going on. I dont know if this is the total answer, but one thing is we were up against a six comp in the second quarter, thats one thing. Number two, when we talked about weve been open about this in our first quarter, we have when we ran a seven, we had a benefit of weather, which we  that helped us by a little bit and certainly we still had a very healthy comp. And then secondly, in our second quarter, because Europe is a piece of our business, we probably would have been a point higher in comp if Europe was more normalized. So if you take into account the pre-Brexit trend we had versus post, we would have been  and Scott has to run the numbers, we would have been a five. But I dont know if that answers you. I dont know what numbers youre looking at. I guess, we look at it and we still say we ran up  at the end of the day, we ran a four comp on a six comp at the 10% two-year stack, and we feel pretty good about it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, not much different than Ernie assuming, as if you somewhat normalize in the first quarter weve been running for the last three quarters in the  that 10% two-year stack, which we started to accelerate too, in the fourth quarter so feel good. And again, as Ernie said, in terms of the UK business, they were trending quite strongly before Brexit, extremely strongly in the regions outside of the UK. And I think as we just indicated a few minutes ago, pleased with our trends going in as we start the first quarter in our European businesses  third quarter.
Michael Baker: Okay, thanks. And trend through the quarter by month? Can you guys give us some color there?
Ernie Herrman: We dont give that.
Scott Goldenberg: No, we dont give the color on that Michael.
Michael Baker: Okay. Thanks for the [outlook].
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the detail today.
Scott Goldenberg: Good morning.
Michael Binetti: So it sounds like just listening to some of the people reporting over the last few weeks, the industry is looking at the strategy is inventories cleaner into the back half. It seems like some of your competitors are pivoting towards a lower levels of promotionality in the second half of the year. How do you see a pivot like that impacting you into the back half? And maybe what kind of traffic are you baking into the second half comp guidance?
Ernie Herrman: So Michael, I mean, if weve seen some articles, lower levels of promotions, which fairly could to be tied to leaner inventories I think thats what youre getting at thats what some of the articles that talk to. If the retailers in general promote less, theres for us that widens the gap. So whats interesting is as we look at that as still market share opportunity. And probably a little bit of margin opportunity and that theres still availability out there. It doesnt mean we will raise retails on like-for-like items because we say its an opportunity so weve been better at value and passing on to the consumer. So I guess, bottom line, we dont get that caught up in that as to what happens with those type of forecast or in reality. Over a longer-term, I guess, you would see us adjust some things if it happened over a six-month, nine-month period, but probably does not shift us much in the shorter-term.
Michael Binetti: If I could follow-up, you gave a lot of good detail, obviously you are very confident in your traffic that youve seen fairly consistently and on the store count opportunity so we can kind of built some thinking around how you guys are looking at your topline. But for a while, the earnings algorithm seem to pretty steady low double-digit algorithm has been some costs that have come up, but were now almost two years into the wages and the FX volatility. As you look ahead since you gave us some preliminary comments on next year, does this ramp urgency to you to try and find others and the supply chain drive out cost to try and pull their earnings algorithm back up to low doubles? Or do you think were in extended period where you say, look we want to continue gaining the share even if that means mid single-digit algorithm for a couple of years?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I think you just summed it up well. Our focus would be  we think long-term, what were very, very happy about is long-term continuing to gain market share and do everything we talked about the store execution and the merchandise mix, driving that is our best form of marketing and long-term customer retention. And thats for our long-term growth. So I guess, yes, we havent commented what the long-term model is, but we really are driven to beat the topline, thats been our focus and drive traffic because we think long-term, over the next three to five years, thats the best thing we can do, especially in this environment where consumers are fairly open to where they shop. So its a good time to keep acquiring new customers and increase frequency of our existing customers.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Stein. You may ask your question.
Jeffrey Stein: Hey, guys. Can you talk a little bit about whats going out in Canada? Youve seen outside comps now for quite a few quarters and wondering what the dynamic is thats driving topline there. Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: I think with Canada, again, we had a nine comp versus our 14 comp, so weve  obviously, the foreign exchange has kept us some of the Canadians who would tend to shop cross-border in Canada shopping there. We would attribute some of that, but certainly, its not the most significant we think of why were getting nine in 10 comps. So there have been store closings. So I think weve  and Ill let Ernie talk about the mix, the merchandise I think thats whats really driving it. But theres a bit of the cross-border shopping or people just helping out, our people staying and not traveling as much.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Jeff, the other thing  as you can imagine, when you have comps like weve been having up here, theres not one answer because the comps are so significant. So a few things we believe playing into it. One is like as Scott said you have the cross-border purchasing retention whether not leaving the country as much and that can apply to also not spending out online right, so they couldve spent more online before U.S. dollars so that stays there. But one of the important things that has happened is we talk a lot about our talent and how weve had such a push throughout our Company on building talent and merchant talent and our buying organization even in the script today we talked about competitive advantage. We have a team up there who now is really executing, I think, at a high level, and a lot of that is because about three years ago, we started putting a full-court press on developing that team and stretching them and putting in the type of training programs and seniority and tenure that we really wanted that we - at the time did not actually have up there as much as we have in some of our other businesses. So when you have a strong merchant team, which we do up there, merchandising and planning, and its more seasoned now, you start to reap some of the benefits, and I think thats what we were also reaping last year as well as this year. Probably one of the biggest reasons I think is that merchant team up there.
Jeffery Stein: Great. Thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro. You may ask your question.
Marni Shapiro: Hey, guys, congratulations.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Marni.
Marni Shapiro: Ernie, Im thinking your buyers are having a very relaxing summer.
Ernie Herrman: I am not sure.
Marni Shapiro: So Im curious, youve talked a lot about the trends here in the United States about strong traffic, adjusting the AURs down a little bit, the abundance of goods. Can you talk to those three trends even specifically globally? Is traffic up globally? Have you changed the AURs globally? Is there an abundance of inventory globally?
Ernie Herrman: So let me just, without giving you too much detail, say yes, the availability is global, and it has been global  its not just recent I would say its been that way for a year or two now. And so some, by the way, some of what we have been buying in Marmaxx and in HomeGoods is abundance of merchandise located internationally that we brought over here as well as our Europe division has clearly taken advantage of goods in Europe and in other places. I mean, there are goods everywhere, Far East. Theres no more than  its not just a domestic trend, I guess, which is I think what youre asking Marni, right?
Marni Shapiro: Yes, exactly.
Scott Goldenberg: And then the traffic increase has been across all divisions for several quarters now.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, so that implies overseas as well.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes.
Marni Shapiro: And then the ticket price, have you adjusted that globally as well or is that something youre just doing at Marmaxx?
Ernie Herrman: Its primarily Marmaxx, but again, when you ask that question, adjusted, we bottom-up the ticket, so each division, it would tell you [worked out] to be Marmaxx to the largest degree, but it will  when we say its Marmaxx, it could change in a few months where we have the other divisions come down in ticket based on the dynamics where merchandise managers and buyers see an unknown area where they have an opportunity in a category or in buying something better. Again, weve had half of this fee from the mix not just from a buying the same item better. So that has spanned out, and its bottom-up though. So its not something we drive from here, so not only is it driven as divisions its driven down at the like middle management buyer level in a division.
Marni Shapiro: Thats great. If I just one last follow-up on that. Are you also seeing I know the HomeGoods has been very strong and home in general has been strong here. You had a nice lift from it sounds like womens. Are you seeing those kinds of trends is home strong globally? And are you seeing category trend similar globally that youre seeing in the U.S.?
Ernie Herrman: So our home trend obviously, as weve reported, is very healthy. And as we talk  as we talked many times, our merchants share best practices and share a lot of ideas and information as well as category performance. So those guys, like any of our teams, do share that information globally.
Marni Shapiro: Excellent. Best of luck for the fall season.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. Thank you, Marni.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen. You may ask your question.
Oliver Chen: Thanks a lot. Ernie, regarding your earlier comments, what would you isolate as in the gift-giving department that the biggest year-over-year changes in terms of what you might be doing differently this year versus last year? And also, as you guys think about your in-store execution and customer satisfaction levels as well as strength, what are the big opportunities that you see with in-store execution that we should think about over the near and longer-term? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Well, Oliver, let me say two good questions, both of which we really cant give you the information on. Gift-giving is like we often say, we are poised strategically, and this is something weve looked at in all of the four major divisions. Were poised to do a better job from  I cant give you any specifics, but what I could say is from a how about this, from a merchandise mix perspective, on a marketing front as well as store execution. Because we have worked at all three of those factors and try to become more of a gift-giving destination. So years ago, as you would probably guess, T.J. Maxx maybe was not the coolest gift from. We are now today very cool place to buy a holiday gift from. And our marketing programs have really helped with that. The merchandise mix. The other thing weve done is because our supply chain is a better executed supply chain, we can turn goods around faster. So for holiday we have a lot of last-minute buys that now we can sprinkle in and get in pre-Christmas that we werent able to do before. So thats something we talked about to you, but I think sometimes we forget to mention it again. So in addition to the strategic gift-giving marketing and store setup that we do and merchandise mix that this year we have some more, I would say fashion oriented categories that I think are going to be great impulse buys I think for the consumers. Were going to also have the quick turnaround from the market closer in unpredictable buys. I think it will create just a more exciting fourth quarter business. And what I just said to you it applies to all four divisions. And so I think I touched when I was saying that. I think I touched a little on the in-store execution, but we look at that is clearly and thats why it was in my script. We look at that the  first of all, we talk a lot about the merchants. Our store operators are fantastic, and we have some extremely talented associates in our store operating divisions across all of our companies. And that has become a place, and I think it helped with the cool factor and people shopping us is the way we execute our stores, and its brought in younger customers and more excitement. Yes, merchandise is certainly a high priority, but that has been right there within in terms if I think driving topline and increasing market share.
Oliver Chen: Okay. And Scott, merch margins were impressive. Was the main driver here lower markdowns and faster inventory turns? Was there anything we should know about how youve been able to do that so well?
Scott Goldenberg: The merchandise margins were extremely strong as we indicated at both Marmaxx and HomeGoods. And it was a combination obviously due to the above-plan sales, but it was combination of both mark-on and markdowns in both the combination of HomeGoods and Marmaxx. Offset those, still had some FX impact on currency in both Canada and Europe, more weighted toward Canada in the quarter. But no extremely strong margins, both in HomeGoods and Marmaxx.
Oliver Chen: Perfect. Thanks for the details and on next year too. Thanks for those details. Best regards.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann. You may ask your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask Ernie about a comment you made in your  I guess, as part of your script or Q&A just about the availability of goods right now relative to what you normally see just a whole lot of opportunity in the market. And I was hoping maybe you could put a little more context around that and also discuss if theres any  what you attribute that to and whether its in a specific category or classification? Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: So Lindsay, also a good question. We really dont like to comment on specific areas of where the availability is high or low, categories, et cetera. What I would tell you is its across all  most families of business and it is most price ranges. And its not really a  its not like [indiscernible] one area or another it seems to be fairly widespread. And then also, Id like to keep in mind, theres never not goods right, so when I say its up a level from where its been, its not that there werent goods before clearly because theres always goods and thats why were always holding the merchants back. So I dont know if that answers your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: What do you attribute the change to?
Ernie Herrman: Id tell you one thing that has happened. So let me give you the internal versus the  so the external, we all know, the retail environment is holding up, but theres always new vendors opening. So the thing you have to keep in mind that I think its easy to forget is we actually are up to about 18,000 vendors now that we deal with. So when we continue to expand our vendor portfolio and as you do that, youre going to find more goods. So that is one of the things we would attributed to is our desire to always open new vendors, which thats a little contrary to other models of retail. And the other models of retail, by the way are doing the right thing for their model of retail. Our model function is on a treasure hunt approach and a very shallow, a sorted, eclectic mix. And with that comes a desire to open thousands of vendors. And when you do that, theres tends to be even more availability of goods.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Ernie Herrman: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe. You may ask your question.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much guys and very impressive quarter. Ernie, could you spend a little time on marketing, particularly the loyalty program and how you see that working will it be across all brands or by division across all markets or just domestically? And how you expected to reach the consumer, will it be an outreach through e-mail, through texting, points, gift certificates. Could you give us some more details that would be very helpful? Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Let me give you what I can, Richard. So the loyalty program domestically, I think youre aware we run  and I think when you ask about the loyalty program, youre also asking about the credit card, which...
Richard Jaffe: Thats part of it, right.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. That credit card part of it has been very successful. We talked many times, I think Scott has actually given you some information on that a few times in the past. We also run whats called an access program, which is a  I guess, you call it not a hard reward. Its a soft reward loyalty program. Its not tied in with the credit card, but they get access to certain events. And theres a constant flow of information to  it hooks you up more within the T.J. Maxx or HomeGoods or Marshalls customer. Both have been growing and we are very, very happy with the growing of our credit card program, which we are adding significantly more active members. We cant give you the number, but significantly more every year. And obviously, we get additional spending from those consumers. When you go to Canada, they do not have a credit card loyalty program, but they do have a non-credit card loyalty program, which is also doing very, very well. And in the UK, we are testing a loyalty program as we speak. So thats kind of very early in the process. And when you ask what is our  our vision is to continue to do this in the model of our business because we dont want to do anything that gets how would I put it?  Gimmicky or promotional out of the loyalty program, which some retailers use it every now and then, do coupons, et cetera. So that is not we will take. But the way we do it, we feel like has brought tremendous communication between us and the consumer and loyalty and additional spending from those customers. Scott, you want to add anything?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, I think were talking we have millions of customers in our credit base program and we dont give the facts, but close to adding a seven-figure number almost every year. These are most loyal, as Ernie said, most loyal customers how they cross-shop more than our other customers. I think Ernie said it right. We will add  we would love to add things to our other countries, but we have to do it within the confines of our business model and our partners whats available for both  works from both us and them. One of the things I think we just mentioned earlier when Ernie was talking about stores and our sales is that our customer satisfactions scores have been going up in all of our divisions. I think some of it obviously absence to do with  pleased with what they found with a shopping  their overall shopping experience in finding the goods. But part of that has to do with the store presentation folks and doing a better job in our store standards, the friendliness of our store associates, hiring better folks, training better. And I think that certainly highly correlated to our  or having positive sales. And I think, again, our customer satisfaction scores have been going up at all of our divisions. One other thing failed to note going and talking about loyalty, in Canada, we have a non-credit based loyalty program that is extremely.
Ernie Herrman: Very successful.
Scott Goldenberg: Very successful in terms of the penetration more or so there than in the U.S. the total penetration and again I think theyre just highly engaged and obviously, as weve talked about, were very well known in Canada, so I think that is a piece of our business and why were doing as well better there in terms of our comp sales.
Richard Jaffe: Thank you.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you, Richard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss. You may ask your question.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. So on gross margin, whats the type of comp, what level of comp do you need to leverage buying and occupancy? Whats the best way to think about merchandise margins in the back half of the year? And then just largely, I guess, the question is excluding foreign exchange and wages, I mean, has anything changed with your 10% to 13% bottom line model here?
Scott Goldenberg: Ill start addressing a few of those points. Again, we havent been giving out the 10% to 13% because both last year and this year, there are three things weve been talking about still exist, and thats why we did portend some of them. Were not going to say they are going to be at the same level, but the three major pieces being  wage being the biggest one, which is similar, were not saying its not going to go down in future years which if nothing happens it might moderate going past next year. But at the moment, we just called it out because its approximately at the same rate at this year. The second is being foreign exchange, thats why we called it out, again at the moment it would not be at the impact of  this years impact of 3%. But its still would be low single-digits so we just wanted to call that out. So again, hopefully that will moderate and at some point will be a tailwind. Right now, its a headwind. The third piece is the investment to support our growth, again primarily the distribution centers, and which has been a bit lumpy as I think we try to explained before because we did not planned the high level of comps weve experienced in some of our businesses forcing us to move forward, make sure we can continue to gain all the market share weve gained. So it will  those will still impact us going forward, but we think well moderate those systems and our distribution spend as we move forward in future years, but still going to impact us at least going forward for next year at a similar rate. And so those are three big components, so I dont think anything has changed. Hopefully, theyll start to moderate going forward.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just the comp to leverage the buying and occupancy?
Scott Goldenberg: Its in and around 3%.
Matthew Boss: Okay. Great. Best of luck.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: Sir, we show no question in queue.
Ernie Herrman: Okay. I would like to thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call in November. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-05-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Debra McConnell - Senior Vice President, Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Lejuez - Citigroup  Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Michael Binetti - UBS Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Robert Drbul - Nomura  Howard Tubin - Guggenheim Securities Daniel Hofkin - William Blair Roxanne Meyer - MKM Partners Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, May 17, 2016. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Hermann, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie Herrman : Thanks, Nicole. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell : Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the Company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the Company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 29, 2016. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies Inc. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie Herrman : Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call is Scott Goldenberg. Let me first begin by saying that I am very pleased to start the year off with such a strong first quarter. Our momentum continued with consolidated comp sales up a strong 7% which was well above our plan and over our 5% increase last year.  All four of our major divisions delivered strong comps and again this quarter, customer traffic was the driver of our comp increases. We were particularly pleased with the strong performance of apparel including accessories and our home category. Our eclectic merchandize mix, great brands and amazing values clearly continue to resonate with consumers across all of our geographies.  We believe our ability to deliver the right fashions at the right values at the right time is key to our success.  Our first quarter results continue our long track record of achieving comp sales increases in many types of retail environments, economies and geographies. We are convinced that we are growing our customer base and gaining market share.  Earnings per share increased a strong 10%, also well above our expectations and over an 8% increase last year. Importantly, we achieved these results while simultaneously investing to support our growth and despite significant headwinds from foreign exchange and wage increases.  Looking ahead, the second quarter is off to a solid start. We see many near and long-term growth opportunities in the US and internationally to capture market share. As always, our management team is extremely driven to achieve our plans and we will strive to surpass them.  Further, we are making strategic investments today to support our growth plans around the world and grow TJX to a $40 billion plus company.  Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg : Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. As Ernie mentioned, our first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 7% which was well above our plan and marks our 29th consecutive quarter of comp growth. I want to note that this reflects the comp growth in our brick and mortar stores and excludes our ecommerce businesses.  We were very pleased that customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at every division. We also saw a strong increase in our units sold again this quarter. As we anticipated, overall average tickets decreased.  Diluted earnings per share was $0.76, a 10% increase over last years $0.69 and well above our plan. Our EPS growth was negatively impacted by approximately 3% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 2% due to wage increases.  Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 10.9%, down 20 basis points versus the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 28.8%, up 50 basis points versus last year. This was primarily due to buying and occupancy leverage on the 7% comp, partially offset by the mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory hedges.  Despite the negative impact from transactional foreign exchange at TJX Canada and TJX International, merchandize margins remains strong. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 17.7%, up 70 basis points versus last years ratio. This was better than we expected due to expense leverage on the above planned 7% comp. Wage increases continued to be a significant headwind to SG&A and investments to support our growth also had an unfavorable impact. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in transit and ecommerce inventories were up 7% on a constant currency basis.  During the quarter, we took advantage of some great pack-away deals. We feel very comfortable with our inventory liquidity as we enter the second quarter. We are well positioned to capitalize on buying opportunities in a marketplace with a quality, branded merchandize.  Now to recap our first quarter performance by division. Marmaxx comps increased a very strong 6% again this quarter on top of last years 3% increase. We are very pleased that our comp sales increases was entirely driven by customer traffic and we saw significant gains in units sold. Further the expected decrease in average tickets was less than we planned.  Segment profit margin increased 10 basis points with strong buying and occupancy leverage and increased merchandize margins. As a reminder, wage increases continue to have a significant negative impact to margins. We are very pleased with the continued excellent performance of our largest division.  HomeGoods comps increased a very strong 9% over last years 9% growth. Segment profit margin was down 10 basis points. We were pleased with our strong buying and occupancy leverage and increased merchandize margins. As we anticipated, wage increases also had a significant negative impact to HomeGoods margin.  Again, we are very happy with the traffic and comp increases we continue to see at HomeGoods. The enthusiasm of our HomeGoods customers is hard to beat. At TJX Canada, comps grew an outstanding 14% again this quarter, over last years 11% increase. Adjusted segment margin, excluding foreign currency was up 190 basis points due to strong buying and occupancy leverage.  The year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar continued to have a significant negative impact on this divisions merchandize margins. Our Canadian organization did an excellent job of mitigating some of this currency impact. We are very pleased with the performance across all three of our Canadian chains. TJX Internationals comps were up 4% over a 3% increase last year. We are pleased with the improvement in our comp growth since the fourth quarter. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 60 basis points. The decline was due to integrating Trade Secret in Australia into our business. During the quarter, we opened up our 500th store in Europe, a proud milestone for our business. Ill finish with our shareholder distribution. During the first quarter, we bought back 375 million of TJX stock retiring 5 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.5 billion to 2 billion of TJX stock this year.  In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 24% in March, marking the 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. Now let me turn the call back to Ernie and I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal 2017 guidance at the end of the call. 
Ernie Herrman : Thanks, Scott. Now, Id like to review our major strengths which differentiates TJX from many other large retailers, both brick and mortar and online. These elements of our business give us confidence that we will continue gaining market share and growing our business successfully for many years to come. We also believe these will be extremely difficult for others to replicate.  For us, our value proposition always comes first. Since day one of our company, value has been our mission. We define value with a combination of brands, fashion, price and quality, which has resonated with consumers for many years and many types of retail and economic environments across different geographies.  We are confident that our focus on the right fashions and brands add compelling off-price values will continue to differentiate TJX.  Second, we see TJX as a global sourcing machine. We have a world-class global buying organization with over 1000 associates located in 11 countries across four continents. We are proud of our strong corporate culture and remain dedicated to training and developing our buyers and next generation of leaders.  Our vendor universe numbers more than 18,000 vendors in 100 plus countries. We take pride in our vendor relationships which we believe are some of the best in retail. With a store base of more than 3600 stores in nine countries, we believe, we are an attractive and increasingly important outlet for vendors.  We buy in many different ways and offer vendors a great deal of flexibility. We are typically willing to purchase less than full assortments of items, styles and sizes and quantities ranging from small to very large. Further, we are straight-forward in our dealings and build mutually beneficial relationships for the long-term.  All of this allows us to offer consumers an extremely eclectic merchandize mix of well-known and emerging brands from all around the world. I am convinced this helps set us apart from most major retailers both brick and mortar and online.  Next, we have a global supply chain and distribution network developed and refined over many decades to specifically support our international off-price model. The flexibility of our network allows us to adjust the merchandize flow to our stores to react the changing market dynamics and capitalize on hot product categories and changing consumer tastes.  We operate distribution centers in six countries and we constantly work to improve our ability to flow the right goods to the right stores at the right time. As we continue to grow our store base and plan to enter new countries, we are expanding our supply chain to ramp up our capacity ahead of our growth.  Finally, we are leveraging our global presence. We have decades of experience operating internationally and run highly synergistic and integrated retail chains all centered around our value mission. We share initiatives, best practices, and talent across our global organization.  The depth of our international expertise, teams, and infrastructure underscores our confidence and our ability to strengthen our leadership positions around the world and expand successfully into new international markets.  Now, Id like to recap our growth drivers which give us confidence in our ability to gain market share for many years to come. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales.  We were very pleased with our comp sales increases and traffic gains at all divisions in the first quarter. We are even more excited about the potential to see  we see to grow our customer base both in the US and in internationally. Our research indicates that our traffic increases are being driven both by new customers and existing customers shopping us more frequently.  I believe we become better at leveraging our global marketing capabilities every year. We take an integrated marketing approach to engage with shoppers across all age brackets through television, radio, digital, mobile, and social media. This year, we are strategically targeting some of our marketing dollars to certain geographies and markets where we see the biggest opportunities. We are very happy with our creative marketing campaigns at every division this spring. To encourage more frequent visits and cross-shopping of our chains, we are growing our loyalty programs. In an every competitive retail environment, we want to make sure that customers have a great experience every time they shop our stores.  We are working to upgrade our stores everyday and are on track to remodel about 240 stores across TJX this year. Further, while our customer satisfaction scores increased again this quarter, we still see room to become even better.  As to ecommerce, while its a small part of our business, we see it as highly complementary to our physical stores. We are being methodical in how we grow this business. We view ecommerce as another great avenue for driving traffic both online and to our stores and growing our retail brands.  Most importantly, across our businesses, we remain laser-focused on offering shoppers and always changing mix of exciting merchandize and values. We are constantly opening new vendors and offering consumers new brands.  Our second major growth driver is our enormous global store growth potential. We are confident that we can continue to open stores around the world and capitalize on first mover advantages. We have decades of operating expertise in the US and internationally, a disciplined approach to real estate and a highly integrated global supply chain and distribution network.  Long-term, we see the potential for grow to 5600 stores with just our current chains and just our current markets alone. This represents more than 50% store growth or almost 2000 additional stores on top of our current base.  Further, we believe significant opportunity exists beyond this. To reiterate, our estimates do not contemplate the potential to expand into additional countries or open new chains in existing markets.  As a reminder, in 2016, we plan to add approximately 195 new stores, an increase of 5%. We also have no store closings planned across our entire company this year. We believe this speaks to the strength of our business, our global operating expertise and our real estate discipline. In this smaller retail environment, our real estate teams have plenty of open to buy and will be opportunistic in seeking the most advantageous deals in the marketplace.  Our third major growth driver is new seeds in innovation. We are convinced that our drive to keep innovating and developing new seeds is a major success factor for our company. We are constantly testing new ideas and planting seeds across the company that could be very meaningful to our future growth.  This includes entering new countries and testing new concepts. We are pleased with our European expansion into Austria, and The Netherlands, as well as the potential we see for our business in Australia, our third continent. We continue to test our Sierra Trading Post stores and we would be very pleased if we could eventually roll this out as a fourth major US chain.  Intelligent risk taking is part of our DNA and we have many initiatives up our sleeves. To support our near and long-term goals for growth, we are making strategic investments in the business. We have many initiatives underway and many more planned to bring TJX to the next level of growth. We take a disciplined approach and are balancing our growth with investments to strengthen our foundation to support our future plans. As we discussed, when we announced our earnings at year end, we are making significant investments in our business. This includes new stores and remodels, our supply chain and infrastructure, new seeds for growth and developing talents as well as our previously announced wage increases. We see investing in our associates and preserving our strong corporate culture as imperative to our continued success.  Further, we are investing in initiatives that can benefit from our decades of knowledge and expertise in growing a global off-price business. While these investments impact our EPS growth, we are confident that investing ahead of our growth will strongly position TJX to continue expanding around the world.  In closing, I am very pleased with our strong start to the year. It is great to see our momentum and traffic in comp sales continue. Across the company, our teams delivered sharp execution on our off-price fundamentals of disciplined inventory management, opportunistic buying and effective merchandize flow.  We see a marketplace loaded with quality branded merchandize and have the liquidity to take advantage of the opportunities. With our strong first quarter, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance. At the same time, we continue to expect headwinds to our fiscal 2017 pretax margins and earnings per share including wage increases, investments to support our growth and foreign exchange as we detailed on our last call. We are confident in our plans and again, we have a management team dedicated to achieving our goals and striving to surpass them. I see an exciting future ahead for TJX. We have a clear long-term vision for growth and I believe we are making the right investments today to support our future plans. I am confident that we will execute on our growth goals and become a $40 billion plus company.  Now, Ill turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance, then, we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg : Thanks, Ernie. Now to fiscal 2017 guidance, beginning with the full year. As Ernie mentioned, we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance. We now expect fiscal 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.42, which would be down 1% to 3% versus $3.33 in fiscal 2016.  As a reminder, our plans reflect the impact of foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange and wage increases. We are assuming the combination of these items will negatively impact our fiscal 2017 EPS growth by about 6%. We are also raising our full year comp store sales guidance. We now expect a comp increase of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis.  For the year, we are increasing our pretax profit margin guidance to a range of 11.0% to 11.2% versus last years 11.8%. We are now planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.4% to 28.6% versus 28.8% last year.  We continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.2% to 17.3% versus 16.8% last year. For modeling purposes, we now anticipate a tax rate of 38.3%, and net interest expense of about $50 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 665 million. Now to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are now planning comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $20.7 billion to $20.9 billion. Additionally, we now expect segment profit margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%.  At HomeGoods, we now expect comps to increases 4% to 5% on sales of $4.3 billion. We segment profit margin to be in the range of 12.9% to 13.1%. At TJX Canada, we are now planning a comp increase of 6% on sales of $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion. We now expect adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 12.9% to 13.1%. At TJX International, we're expecting comp growth of 2% to 3% on sales of $4.6 billion to $4.7 billion and adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 5.6% to 5.8%. Now, to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.77 to $0.79 versus last year's $0.80 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 3% due to wage increases and approximately 2% to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange.  We're modeling second quarter consolidated sales of $7.7 billion to $7.8 billion. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact to revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Second quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.7% to 10.9% range versus 12.0% last year. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.7% to 28.8%, versus 29.1% last year.  This assumes continued transactional foreign exchange pressure and planned cost associated with opening our new distribution center. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 17.8% to 17.9% range versus 16.9% last year. This is primarily due to wage increases and planned investments to support our growth.  For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.4%, and net interest expense of about $11 million. We are anticipating a weighted average share count of approximately 666 million. It's important to remember our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Paul Lejuez. Your line is now open.
Paul Lejuez : Hey, thanks. Can you guys talk a little bit about new store productivity at each of concepts both that you are opening in the US and abroad? Maybe, just touch on where you are meeting versus exceeding your goals on new store productivity and if there any places you are falling short, I am curious to hear what you are seeing there. Thanks. 
Scott Goldenberg: Ill start out, Paul, in terms of new store performance, its really similar to what weve been saying over the past couple of years. We have been beating our performance at all of our divisions.  Again, the  or probably the only thing I would nuance there is that the volume of the stores as we said over the last few years are not at the same or less than the average volume of our chain averages at the division, little more pronounced at Marmaxx and HomeGoods. And other than that, again, beating performance and there is not really nothing new to talk about there. 
Paul Lejuez : Can I just follow-up
Scott Goldenberg: I think that the only thing is, our ability to get our 5% growth targets are almost 200 stores this year, as Ernie said, given the retail environment is probably as good as its been in the last few years. 
Paul Lejuez : Gotcha, got a follow-up, you see a slow down in Europe in the fourth quarter, it seems like that business has picked up a bit in 1Q. Can you just talk about how you are looking at the trajectory of that business and maybe help us understand what changed, how business picked back up? Thanks. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Paul, on Europe, so if you look, actually Europe last year had a pretty strong year. We were up about four comps for the year in Europe last year and which is really first the first  fourth quarter where we kind of fell-off to the one comp. So, first of all, funky dynamics going on in the environment over there as you know, which we do believe that was a piece of what affected us in the fourth quarter, as well as we had some missed opportunity categories, I would call it that we have now when you ask what have we fixed, or what have we changed.  I would say the team over there is very focused on capitalizing on any categories that they feel are business opportunities and as a result, throughout the quarter, the first quarter, that business is just being continuing to get better and better. So, really I would say, fourth quarter was a bit of a mishap or not on trend and we are now back to more of the trajectory that we expect there. 
Paul Lejuez : Gotcha. Thanks good luck guys. 
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kimberly Greenberger, you may now ask your question. 
Kimberly Greenberger : Great, thank you so much. It was a really excellent quarter, obviously across the board and I wanted to dive in a little bit more on whats happening with average ticket. You, I think, had sort of re-strategized your average ticket, I think starting in the second quarter last year. Just, correct me if I am wrong on that and as we sort of lapse those decreases, I am wondering, Ernie, if you can just talk to us about how the buyers are thinking about average tickets over the upcoming year?  And it seems like the strategy to fortify the opening price points which obviously caused a decline in the average off-the-door ticket price has been fixed at full because I think that your traffic numbers have significantly accelerated with this strategy, but also if I talk a wrong in the question there maybe you could correct that as well. Thanks so much. 
Ernie Herrman: Sure, Kimberly. Lets start with the first part of your question. So, when you go back to the second quarter of last year on the strategy, it actually wasnt  I hate to say it this way, it wasnt as strategic as an top down driven is what people might think and weve talked about this actually at some of our meetings when weve been out there over the last few months.  Half of that  what happened with the lower ticket beginning in the second quarter last year, was really a bottom-up driven strategy from down at the buyer and merchandize manager level and now it goes to what you had talked about where we were trying to balance off the mix, so there were some pockets where we actually had too many better or fashion goods and we wanted to implement more moderate goods.  And those were in a few specific categories in the store, but when we did that, as well as overall wanted to buy in the environment we are in buy better we had a lot of liquidity, the market has been very full with merchandize. We wanted to buy certain items better. So that was probably half the strategy. So the combination of balancing the mix better, with like a good, better, best, which is again driven by the merchandize managers and buyers and the merchant teams in general wanting to sharper on the values.  Those two things intersected drove our average ticket down and yes, has driven incremental traffic in transactions. Now weve talked many times how that has continued all the way from then all the way through really the fourth quarter and then into the first quarter and we have discussed actually what do we think is going to happen as we think its going to moderate in the second quarter as we start to come up against all of those shift that we made last year.  What has actually happened is, in the first quarter we have started to moderate already, even a little bit more so than we thought we were going to do and as you cans see from the results, we are probably hitting the sweet spot and that hasnt been an issue with us our average ticket is now not bound as much as it was back then. And the where do we think it will be in the second quarter, we think it will continue to moderate.  However, we have a lot of goods still to buy and a lot of open to buy. So, well, I think Ive answered both your questions. I think, we feel like we are in a balanced  very balanced state right now based on the order of liquidity we dont want to be too firm on what we tell you on where we think the second quarter average ticket is going to be, because we are a lot of open to buy. 
Scott Goldenberg: Then, Kimberly, the only thing I would add to what Ernie said is that, again to reiterate, similar to last year, we are able to lower the average retail, get the comp, but, merchandize margins were up 
Ernie Herrman: Great point.
Scott Goldenberg: Given the average ticket decrease. 
Kimberly Greenberger : Can you share the level of insight at the buyer level and then sort of quality starts there and move on up. Thanks so much. 
Ernie Herrman: Okay, well, Kimberly, let me just jump on it before we go away from that and it absolutely does, and it shows you that we are  and we talk about it from various aspects how we are very rich in our merchant team with a 1000 plus players there and they really  and their bosses are very strategic and thats part of the cultural advantage and by the way that comes with some of the experience in the low turnover that weve had which has really allows us to do some of those things which would be difficult if we didnt have seasoned buying teams. 
Kimberly Greenberger : Fantastic. Thanks so much. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Binetti. Your line is now open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on a great quarter. Just a couple questions for the model, I guess. I am trying to figure out the guidance for the year on gross margins and why it will be down year-over-year, if I think about the 50 basis points in the first quarter, it seems like FX becomes less of a headwind and the DC costs should roll-off, maybe we assume less buying and occupancy leverage. But is there anything else on merchandize margins that gets harder versus just wanting to be conservative given where the marketplace is today?
Ernie Herrman: Well the backfill, again, we have obviously flowed through the first quarter margins. But we still have the impact of mark on our currency in the back half of the year and the full year guidance implies a 1 to 2 comp in the back half comp and on a 1 to 2 comp there is some deleverage in your buying and occupancy cost as well. So it's a combination of those two items which are - and we said some  and we still have the pressure of some of the investments in our store growth which would be on the logistics side in the back half as well.
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then here we are about a year-and-a-half into you guys guiding us through some of the wage pressures and push and pull-on on SG&A. But can you help us just think a little bit ahead to when you think we get back to a more normal SG&A versus comp relationship for the business?
Ernie Herrman: But we dont, the wage situation is a little ambiguous out there I would say, so thats part of the challenge as weve just recently had a couple of states, right, come out with new strategies on their wage over the next handful of years in terms of staggering, growing to $15. So the unknown, Michael, as to how many other states could start to implement that as well, so.
Michael Binetti: Okay. 
Ernie Herrman: That creates a bit of an unknown.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, so, if anything, as Ernie stated, we still probably have a bit more than what we had said in the prior guidance on the impact next year. 
Michael Binetti: Right.
Scott Goldenberg: And I think as Ernie indicated earlier, we - it's a balance here, we certainly have absorbed the wage pressure because we have not been you cutting back on our payroll. We think it is a key ingredient to  one of the key ingredients to our customer service scores going up, customers satisfaction scores. So, I think we're going to be very - hands off at this point in terms of trying to 
Ernie Herrman: Absolutely.
Scott Goldenberg: Play with that.
Michael Binetti: Understood. 
Ernie Herrman: We have a focus, Michael, right now on continuing to do everything we can to gain market share. So to Scott's point, we want to ensure that our shopping environment in the stores and with our associates and that aspect of it is all on a full throttle, so to speak. And doing everything we can to gain market share, simply.
Michael Binetti: Appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Matthew Boss. Your line is now open.
Matthew Boss: Hey, congrats on a great quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: What's the best way to think about barriers to entry in the off-price industry? A lot's made of this, but what makes your buying organization tick? Any category opportunities do you see to source more from overseas? And what prevents increasing competition from stealing any of your thunder?
Ernie Herrman: Boy, we have  that's a great question, Matt. We have so many things we can talk about there. One of the barriers to entry is, which I think I mentioned on a couple  on an answer a couple questions ago is the tenure we have, we have low turnover in our buying organization. We've grown it to over 1000 buyers, which as we mentioned is a sourcing machine, but they are now a trained sourcing machine, because we have low turnover, it's not the quantity it's also the quality of the merchants we have.  They are very well-trained on off-price. I think the other barrier to entry with that respect is that we are only off-price in our business. So we are not trying to do different types of businesses. We are only trying to do the off-price business which I think creates another barrier to entry versus if we were a retailer trying to do a few different types of business.  I think, in terms of how we stack up as a business with relative to even online in general, we have a treasure hunt format, which is very different than anybody else does. We have different brands. We are unique that way. We offer a touch and feel environment, treasure hunt environment, different than any other brick and mortar or online retailer.  So that's all extremely  those create strong barriers to entry. We have a global supply chain, which is really specifically designed it's been built over 40 years to deal with off-price goods and the flow of those goods is - again, we talked about that in the script.  We have teams  we have a university that trains our merchants, because we want to ensure that even from the young age that we bring in some of our kids into planning and through that they are getting appropriate training, not just from management but from an actual university group that has a wealth of knowledge.  And I would say, lastly, we have the ability to act invisibly which makes a lot of vendors really like the relationship they have with us, versus an online business or another retail business, our goods can be  first of all, we can buy small quantity or large quantity and we can be invisible, the goods aren't in people's faces, so to speak. So, the fast turnover obviously allows us to be more invisible and you've heard us talk about that for every division. So, hope that answers your question.
Matthew Boss: Yes, it does. That's great. Thanks, Ernie.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mike Baker. Your line is now open. 
Mike Baker: Thanks. I just wanted to ask about your changing customer demographic. You said that you're seeing traffic growth in both new and existing customers, but, if you look at the demographics or the age of customer or what you're seeing with millennial customers and maybe how the brands are sort of performing or guiding you in that direction?
Ernie Herrman: Scott, do you want to?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, its - during the year we don't get as much specific information in terms of the age. So, we update that on a bi-annual basis. So, nothing new to report in terms of the year-end. I think it's really the  we are - at the year end we were seeing the larger proportion of our new customers were going to the young  the younger group and I would say young means in the 18 to 30 age. But again, we still  we trade both wide in terms of we believe both the demographics and - of our customers, but nothing really new to report thats.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, we have that, Mike, and to Scott's point, it was at the year end, which isnt the information is not that old. It's only three months ago. So for last year, also in answer to your question, every division pretty much had on the new customer grew in that age bracket Scott is talking about which is like the 18 to 34 year old. So
Mike Baker: Well, so maybe to follow-up on the second half. Sorry, I was to say, maybe just to follow-up on the second half of the question, I think the important point is how does that impact the way you deal with your vendors, now that they see that you are becoming more popular with a younger customer?
Ernie Herrman: Well, the vendors  theyve known this for a few years and they certainly like that we are cautiously doing that and effectively doing that, so for the future. So, they, I guess, they were just view it as another reason that we should continue to be a strong performer and they want to have a good relationship with us. 
Mike Baker: Right, understood. So, presumably, its making  its giving you an even bigger range of vendors that are doing business with you?
Scott Goldenberg: You could say that, I would tell you its not the driver of it, I would say, in most cases, again, we are always opening new vendors. I guess, it depends on who the vendor is. In some cases, it would automatically happen because we are selling some merchandize geared more toward a younger customer. So, with those vendors, yes.  But I think in the vendor community on whole, thats unnecessarily one of the key reasons I think they look at just the way we do business. We are very straight-forward. They like that our buyers are very courteous and know their business. They focus on the goods and the value and I think, thats still the driver of why a lot of vendors want to deal with us. 
Mike Baker: Okay, makes sense. Thank you for the color.
Scott Goldenberg: Welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is now open. 
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the open to buy for summer goods this year and just see what you are seeing in the market and then how you feel you are positioned for the back half after last years very warm winter? 
Ernie Herrman: Great question, Lorraine. We are  well, we are in one of those modes right now where one of our most difficult challenge is controlling how much we buy right now, because the markets are plentiful and they are plentiful with spring summer goods coming up. Based on the environment going on thats probably no surprise.  The good news is we have done a pretty diligent job of controlling the open to buy and we are very liquid across the board in all the divisions. Our inventory was up a shade right now, little bit more than normally is, but thats because there has been some really strong pack-away deals that weve been able to do which I think of getting at the other part of your question.  Some pack-away deals that we think were going to help us for  going forward into the third quarter and in the back half. So we took advantage of those, like you said, coming off the winter we just had and we feel really good about those.  The merchants have controlled the open to buy amidst of that liquidity you are talking about knowing that it feels like the environment is going to continue this way for a while. So its not just a short-term, we are not thinking that this will stop in the next 30 days. So, hope that answers your question. 
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Omar Saad. Your line is now open. 
Omar Saad : Yes thanks, great quarter guys. I wanted to ask my question about the private-label credit program and the loyalty program. It seems like its been a bigger emphasis in the stores and with your partner on the financial services side, the last year or so. What you are learning from that? Maybe a little bit more insight into how you can use the data you got from that as well as how that customer kind of behavior might change as you convert from a regular customer to either a loyalty customer or a credit customer, actually to learn more. Thanks. 
Ernie Herrman: So, Omar, the credit card, we are certainly very pleased with our loyalty programs in North America. The credit card program in the United States that has HomeGoods Marmaxx and Sierra Trading Post as a portion of it. We continue to add a lot of new customers every year as we have for the last couple.  Those customers - the one finding that we have are certainly the most loyal, they tend to cross-shop the most as they earn rewards when they purchase in all of the different banners. And again, we still think we have room to grow that and its certainly been a portion of the success weve had. So, again, opportunity is still there to grow that market share of that spend.  There is no  as weve aid before, we dont want to mislead anyone, its not anywhere near the market share that you would see at the department stores with your credit card programs.
Omar Saad : Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Bob Drbul. Your line is now open. 
Robert Drbul: Hi, good morning. I just had a couple questions on  throughout the quarter, was there any difference between the monthly trend of sales and I think you mentioned in the press release May continued strong as one or if you could just comment on that a little further?
Ernie Herrman: Bob, really nothing significant, right. We are looking right now  now it was pretty steady all the way through. I mean, I would say that, within the quarter because  we dont call this out, but weather helped us a little. So there were spots during the quarter where theyd be a few days here or there where all of a sudden, we would outperform what we would think, because we are up against some bad weather.  So, in the quarter, we  this year to last year, we would say, overall, we had a little bit more favorable weather. So that did help what will you see not by month, but youd see an actual individual clusters of the few days we are up against that youll probably remember some of those crazy storms in February, March last year. 
Robert Drbul: Yes, definitely. And the other question that I have is, can you just talk about what youve learned so far on ecommerce and how thats been versus the stores and any of the categories that are performing well, and new categories that you are thinking about at this point?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, we cant  well, we wont give you specifics by category. At this point, what we can tell you is, that our ecom businesses are performing as we have them planned, they are tracking right where our expectations would be and thats both in terms of our sales and our margins. We are learning really some of the logistics from an e-com business that are very different in terms of fulfilling orders and the shipping and doing some analyzation of the metrics that are involved and the data thats involved and really being effective on marketing to customers using that data.  So thats still and we talked about it before thats still a bit of a focus for us as well as getting more efficient on the way we fulfill orders. But, so far again the way we are proceeding into this year, we like that we are tracking on the plans that we have put in place back six months ago. 
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, Bob, the only other thing Id add to that is, from a pure metrics point of view, we are pleased with the conversion rates year-over-year going up. The awareness is getting better of our site particularly, the tjmaxx.com. The satisfaction, as Ernie said, our customer satisfaction scores have gotten better. So, all of those  all of these metrics that we would monthly visit, everything has gone up. So we feel pretty good about that as well. 
Robert Drbul: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Howard Tubin. Your line is now open. 
Howard Tubin: Thanks guys. Can you maybe just talk generally about your marketing plans for this year versus last year maybe in terms of spend and whether you are doing anything different this year than youve done in the past?
Ernie Herrman: So, Howard on marketing? Did you say marketing?
Howard Tubin: Oh, yes, sorry, yes. 
Ernie Herrman: Our marketing spend is slightly elevated from last year and we  I have to tell you, its been one of the more exciting years in terms of the campaigns which I hope youve seen a couple of them. We like the creative this year, that weve been delivering and as a result, we are continuing to look at  obviously we are trying to put a little bit more into digital and we are  I did not mention it probably as much as I should.  We believe thats part of our traffic gain, is our marketing across all the divisions. Each division really has gone into new campaigns. We like them all, the TJ Maxx, Marshalls, the new campaign in Europe, in Canada. So as a result, we feel like we are getting more out of it. So thats why our spend is a little elevated from last year in answer to your question. 
Scott Goldenberg: In addition to what Ernie said, not only that, but we feel really good with what advertising we have embarked on this year, such that we have already added a bit more dollars to the back half, to the rest of the year than we had originally planned based on how we see things are working right now. 
Howard Tubin: Thats great. Thanks very much. 
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Daniel Hofkin. Your line is now open. 
Daniel Hofkin: Good morning. If you could just comment on the merchandize margin, would you say, the bigger driver is the flood of products out there, or you are kind of continuously growing scale? What is helping your merchandize margins more and to the degree that its continued inventory management, whats the opportunity for further improvement going forward? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: So, Ill talk just from a statistical point of view. The  in the first quarter, clearly, the above planned comps helped us to improve our markdowns better than what we would have thought. So, one of the things that you not always but tend to have as a good flow through on markdowns, especially at the comp levels, that we saw.  Our Canadian division has done an exceptional job of  we still have that significant increase in the first quarter. Having said that, we still had a large impact to the merchandize margin in Canada, but they mitigated a significant amount.  So I think that has been a story for the last couple quarters. But it does get harder and harder as every year you go when the dollar is, the Canadian dollar is down. So I think those are two things we are certainly very pleased about. 
Ernie Herrman: I would say also, Daniel that, as I talked before about the way we balance the mix with more good, better, best, thats been very effective at helping us make improvements on markdowns as well. It helps the turns and it helps our profitability because we are not  we are more eclectic which is what our business is healthier when we do that.  So thats a positive in the flow certainly, all divisions have really done an excellent job on maintaining the open to buys we said on earlier question amidst this environment and thats always, when you are asking is there anything related to the buying helping the margins, I think thats certainly a positive, the way we are positioned going forward. 
Scott Goldenberg: And to be clear, the biggest overplan flow through is just in the total gross margin line, similar to the fourth quarter where we are up 50 basis points in gross margin as we were in the first quarter has been flowing through on the above planned comps, on the buying and occupancy leverage we get. So its a combination.
Daniel Hofkin: Understood, understood. Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Scott Goldenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Roxanne Meyer. Your line is now open. 
Roxanne Meyer : Great, thanks and congratulations on a terrific quarter. My question is on Sierra. I am just wondering what do you think you need to see there in order to forge ahead with it as a growth vehicle. And then more generally tied to the sporting goods category, do you think you could be a beneficiary of either a product or real estate for Sierra as a result of what's going on with Sports Authority? Thanks a lot.
Ernie Herrman: Sure, good question, Roxanne. First of all, for Sierra, we  so what we are doing now is obviously opening stores and the more bullish we get, I think I mentioned this in some of the script, we feel like that could be some upside for this to be a more of a major player in the outdoor space.  What do we need? We just need some more, I guess, TJX sizing of the business, which we are continuing to do. We are really getting more involved there with how we are educating that team and we are making some moves to really just take it to the next level. I think the beneficiary in terms of the merchandize from things like your businesses that are going out isnt just also  yes, there is a benefit on real estate, yes, there is a benefit on merchandize, yes, probably, but that wont be just for Sierra Trading Post, that will actually be also for potentially Marmaxx sites or HomeGoods sites, because you never know based on some of those markets.  So our real estate team is very flexible in assessing each situation, no matter what store as may the store situation is creating opportunities real estate-wise, but clearly, you could see how the sports authority and Sierra could relate, I get that. But now, we are pretty bullish on the Sierra Trading Post business longer-term. We just want to get it into more of our philosophy of business to be less promotional.  So I think weve talked about that before. We are trying to get out of the wild promotional up and down swings, because that is not the way we like to retail goods. Weve been focused on buying off-price behind the scenes, buying it an off-price methodology, but the retail and the goods right now we would say its half way on the journey, because its still a little promotional on the website.  The stores are less promotional by the way if you went to the stores. So, our key there is really, we are going to be strengthening the merchandizing team in Sierra Trading Post further and as well as the planning team to keep up with these siege of the potential store growth that we are hoping to have there. 
Roxanne Meyer : Great, thanks. That was really helpful color. And best of luck, generally.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is coming from the line of Richard Jaffe. Your line is now open. 
Richard Jaffe : Thanks very much, guys, and a question about Australia. First, Trade Secret and then also the possibility of HomeGoods going in there. Where Trade Secret stands in terms of its integration into the TJX way, and then, the thoughts about bringing it here, which was something I was surprised to hear, wondering what's the difference between the two or how do you anticipate those, the Marmaxx business and Trade Secret being unique or different?
Ernie Herrman: So Richard, okay, well, lets deal with the first one, the second one I think, Scott and I had a question on the  your second part of your question. But on the first part, the Trade, we are very pleased with how Trade Secret is beginning the TJX sizing process, I guess, you would describe it as, which is, I think what you are asking about.  We are putting in a lot of processes and systems, talent from here, from back here. Again, weve had a handful of people move over there and our head merchants relocated from Canada back a while ago. So, she is making terrific progress. The division and she reports to Michael McMillan who travels over there frequently and make sure that we are trying to do the core execution priorities in the business that are important to them.  So we are dealing with stores. We are dealing with distribution, supply chain. We are dealing with merchants. We are dealing with marketing. We are dealing with HR organizational structure issues to get it set. Again, not a big business yet it is, I would tell you one of the most exciting environments.  We find Australia to be extremely tailor-made for a TJX prototype and the customers really will gravitate. When we have the right goods, they, our turns there are much, much improved. We just right now are trying to get to the point where we can flow the right goods consistently, because thats what they are still on the learning curve.  We start to look at remodels and we will be opening a logistics center in the near future, because they used to believe or not drop ship their merchandize. So, all things we knew going in. And we are excited about it. The second part of your question is on the integrate  did you believe that you heard something about Trade Secret or the home business coming here?
Richard Jaffe : I may have misunderstood, but, yes, I thought you mentioned Trade Secret.
Ernie Herrman: Oh, no, that might have been just the way we said something in the script, 
Richard Jaffe : Okay.
Ernie Herrman: Because there is no plan for it. No, there is no plan for that. 
Richard Jaffe : And then the reverse, HomeGoods going there, is that a possibility?
Ernie Herrman: So, that is something that we are looking at as a potential home business only there. So thats something that we are actually coming with as we speak.
Richard Jaffe : Excellent, I am sure it will be as successful there as here. Thanks very much for the color.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, its to your point, Richard, its a  also natural for there.
Richard Jaffe : Yes. Great, thank you very much.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you. Okay, I think, we have answered all our questions. We thank you all for your time today and thank you all for joining us on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director Debra McConnell - Senior Vice President, Global Communications Carol M. Meyrowitz - Executive Chairman Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, February 24, 2016. I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ernie Hermann, Chief Executive Officer and President of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thanks, Gabby. Before we begin, Deb has some opening comments.
Debra McConnell - Senior Vice President, Global Communications: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we'll make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2015. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we'll discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results in our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we'll discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Good morning. Joining me and Deb on the call are Carol Meyrowitz and Scott Goldenberg. Before I begin, I'd like to take this opportunity on behalf of myself, our entire management team and our organization to express our sincerest gratitude to Carol. For nine years as CEO and over a long tenure with the company, Carol has led TJX to great success with achievements too numerous to cover on this call. I am delighted that, in her new role as Executive Chairman, Carol and I will continue our 20-plus years of working together. Thank you, Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Executive Chairman: Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: I'd like to start by saying that 2015 was another terrific year for TJX. We surpassed $30 billion in sales, and consolidated comp sales increased a strong 5%, which is well above our plan. We are extremely pleased that the comp was driven entirely by customer traffic. Consumers are loving our stores and shopping as even more frequently. We are convinced we are gaining market share profitably around the world. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 5%, also above our expectations and over a strong 12% increase the prior year. 2015 marks the 20th consecutive year of comp and EPS gains for TJX. In our 39-year history, we have seen only one comp store sales decline. We're also very pleased that we drove merchandise margin increases while offering even more amazing values to our customers. It's important to note that we achieved these results despite significant foreign currency headwinds, as well as reinvesting in the business. Further, we were thrilled that our momentum continued into the fourth quarter. We ended the year with fourth quarter results that significantly exceeded our plans. It's also great to see such consistency in our business with comps hitting 5% to 6% every quarter of the year. Our 2015 performance once again demonstrates the power of our differentiated flexible business model to succeed across many different geographic, economic and retail environments. We were thrilled to expand our global footprint into Austria, the Netherlands and Australia in 2015. So, now, we operate in nine countries across three continents. Looking ahead, I am very excited about the future of TJX. We entered 2016 with terrific momentum, and the year is off to a strong start. We are convinced that we can continue growing our customer base around the world and are pursuing various opportunities to capture market share. To support our goals for growth, we are continuing to make strategic investments in the business. I am also confident that we are making the right investments today that will help us grow to $40 billion and beyond. As always, we have a management team that is passionate about achieving its plans and, more importantly, passionate about striving to surpass them. Before I continue, I'll now turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and full year numbers.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ernie, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with some more details on our full year fiscal 2016 results. Again, we are thrilled that our 5% consolidated comp increase was entirely driven by customer traffic. It was also great to see that customer traffic was the primary driver of the comp increase at each of our divisions. We believe we are gaining share profitably across all geographies. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude e-Commerce. Diluted earnings per share were $3.33, a 5% increase over last year's adjusted $3.16, and exceeded our most recent guidance. It's important to note that our full year EPS growth was negatively impacted by approximately 4% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 4% due to our wage initiative, as well as incremental investments and pension costs. For the full year, consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 11.8%, down 50 basis points versus last year's adjusted 12.3%. Gross profit margin was 28.8%, up 30 basis points versus last year; and merchandise margins were also up. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.8%, up 70 basis points versus last year's ratio. Now, to our fourth quarter results. Consolidated comps increased 6% over a 4% increase last year and well above our plan. This marks our 28th consecutive quarter of consolidated comp store sales growth. We were very pleased that our fourth quarter comp was also entirely driven by customer traffic. As with the year, traffic was also the primary driver of each division's quarterly comp increase. Diluted earnings per share were $0.99, a 6% increase over  versus last year and also well above our plan. It's important to note that our fourth quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by approximately 4% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 5% due to our wage initiative as well as incremental investments and pension costs. Consolidated pre-tax profit margins was 11.9%, down 50 basis points versus the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 28.7%, up 50 basis points versus last year. This was due to an increase in merchandise margin and strong buying and occupancy leverage on the 6% comp. We are very pleased with our gross margin and merchandise margin increases, despite the significant negative impact from transactional foreign exchange at TJX Canada and TJX International and increased costs associated with moving more units through our supply chain. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.7%, up 100 basis points versus last year's ratio. This increase was primarily due to our wage initiative, as we had anticipated, as well as contribution to TJX's charitable foundations, higher incentive compensation accruals due to the company's above planned performance and increased supply chain costs. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories, on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses but excluding inventories -- but excluding in transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 6% on a constant currency basis. We took advantage of some amazing pack-away opportunities during the fourth quarter and ended the year in an excellent inventory position. Now, to recap our fourth quarter performance by division. Marmaxx finished 2016 with its best quarter of the year. Comps grew by a very strong 6% on top of a very solid 3% increase last year. Once again, it was terrific to see that the comp increase was entirely driven by customer traffic. As we had planned, with our merchandising and value strategies, we saw significant increase in transactions and units sold as well as a decrease in average ticket. Apparel, including accessories and home, both had excellent performance, which is nice to see in today's retail environment. Segment profit margin was flat, as Marmaxx's significant merchant margin increased and buying and occupancy leverage offset the expected impact of our wage initiative, higher supply chain cost and investments in e-commerce. We began the new year with great momentum at our largest division. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps increased 7% over last year's strong 11% growth, and segment profit margin was up 60 basis points. We are very pleased with HomeGoods' strong increase in merchandise margins. The customers clearly love HomeGoods, as we keep growing this premium brand. At TJX Canada, comps grew a phenomenal 14% over a strong 7% increase last year. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit comp growth. Adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, decreased 140 basis points, primarily due to transactional foreign exchange, as well as higher incentive compensation accruals, due to TJX Canada's above-planned performance. I want to point out that the year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar had a significant negative impact on this division's merchandise margins. Once again, the efforts that our Canadian organization made to mitigate this currency impact were terrific and highly effective. We are very pleased that all three chains delivered great performance. Now, to our businesses beyond North America. These include our European business and Trade Secret in Australia, which together now comprise TJX International. TJX International's comp growth was 1%. And adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, decreased 170 basis points. This was primarily due to investments in new countries and transactional foreign exchange, as well as some deleverage on the 1% comp. While the fourth quarter was softer than we would have liked, we are pleased with the improving comp trends we are seeing in this business. Further, TJX International delivered an excellent year. On our e-commerce sites in the U.S. and UK, we also offered customers a constant flow of gift-giving selections at amazing values throughout the holiday season. We have added thousands of new brands to tjmaxx.com since we launched and plan to continue adding new categories and brands to all of our sites. Now, to our financial strength and shareholder distributions; our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 2016, free cash flow was $2 billion and ROIC was a strong 22%, one of the highest we have seen in retail, thanks, in large part, due to our disciplined approach to capital allocation. As always, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs, while simultaneously reinvesting in the business for the near and long term. Now, let me turn the call back to Ernie, and I'll recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2017 guidance at the end of the call.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thanks, Scott. First, I'd like to briefly cover some highlights from the fourth quarter. Again, we were thrilled to end 2015 with such a strong finish. Customer response to our exciting assortments and great values was terrific this holiday selling season, as well as during the post-holiday period. Every year, we work to improve over the year before. I believe that our marketing, in-store initiatives, gift-giving and constant freshness were even better than last year and truly set us apart from other retailers. We believe this drove new shoppers to our stores and encouraged more frequent shopping trips. Also, we liked how we transitioned our stores after the holidays with our stores looking extremely fresh. Now, I'd like to talk about the major strengths that differentiate TJX from so many other retailers. We're convinced that the same elements of our business that differentiate us from other retailers are also key to our continued successful global growth. Further, we believe these elements would be extremely difficult for others to replicate. First, we have a world-class global buying organization that I believe is the best in retail. There are over 1,000 people in our buying organization. And our total merchandising organization, which includes our planning and allocation group, (14:38) is nearly double that size. Our buyers are located in 11 countries across four continents, and we source from a universe that now numbers more than 18,000 vendors in over 100 countries. This is why we see ourselves as a global sourcing machine. Many in our merchandising organization have been with us for multiple decades, and we have dedicated nearly 40 years to cultivating the talent and off-price expertise of our teams as well as improving on our buying processes. Further, we take enormous pride in our strong corporate culture, which I am convinced is a key factor in our recruiting and retaining top talent. Second, our global supply chain and distribution network have been developed and refined over nearly 40 years to support our highly integrated international business and opportunistic buying. There is no off-the-shelf, off-price inventory management software to support a global business model like ours, which is why our proprietary IT systems are designed specifically to handle our off-price buying. Our distribution network can process buys as small as 100 units to over 1 million units from any one of our thousands of vendors in a timely and efficient manner and then allocate that merchandise to the right stores at the right time. We continue to invest in our supply chain ahead of our store growth to ensure that we have sufficient capacity to support new stores, new chains and new countries. Third, we are capitalizing on our global presence. TJX is the only major international off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the world. We are one of the few major U.S. retailers to have expanded successfully internationally. We are the largest off-price retailer in the U.S. and Canada and remain the only major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer in Europe and Australia. We operate highly-integrated and synergistic businesses across many geographies and have built global teams and international infrastructures over many decades. We see our international depth and expertise as a major advantage, as we continue to expand our value concept around the world. These key strengths allow TJX to be one of the most flexible retailers in the world. Our best-in-class buying organization, combined with our vast vendor universe, allow us to be nimble in the marketplace and capitalize on the best opportunities. The flexibility of our stores and distribution network allow us to respond quickly to changing customer preferences and trends across many different retail and consumer environments around the world. Further, while we offer consumers many different chains and merchandise categories, each of our four major divisions operate on the same off-price business model. We function as one TJX and leverage talent, infrastructure, ideas and expertise across the chains. This is an important advantage when opening new stores, launching new chains, entering new markets or testing new seeds. All of these factors give us great confidence that we can continue our successful, profitable global growth. Further, I believe that it is often underestimated how difficult it would be for other retailers to try and replicate these strengths. These key advantages also underscore our confidence in our ability to gain market share profitably and achieve our long-term goals for growth. Let me take a moment to review our major growth drivers, and there are really three. Our number one initiative remains driving customer traffic and comp sales. We were very pleased with our traffic gains at all divisions in 2015, yet we are convinced that significant opportunity remains to gain market share. We reach an extremely wide demographic, and we like the growth in our customer base across all ages, particularly millennials, across all of our divisions. To attract more new customers, we will continue to leverage our global marketing capabilities. During the holiday season, we again leveraged our tri-branded campaigns across the U.S. and Canada and believe that they helped drive more customers to our stores. In 2016, we are strategically shifting our marketing dollars to spend more in certain markets and geographies to capitalize on our biggest opportunities. We are continuing our integrated marketing approach to engage with shoppers of all ages through television, radio, digital, mobile and social media. To encourage more frequent visits and cross-shopping of our brands, we are growing our successful loyalty programs in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. We also continue to upgrade the shopping experience and plan to remodel about 240 stores across the company in 2016. We were pleased to see our overall customer satisfaction scores increase in 2015, but still see room to become even better on this front. We are confident our wage initiative will help us attract and retain talented store associates. I should note that, while we are always working on improving efficiencies in our business, we haven't taken any customer-facing actions that would diminish the pleasant shopping experience that we want to ensure for our consumers. Importantly, we see e-commerce as another great way to drive customer traffic both online and to our other stores  to our stores. Our second major growth driver is our enormous global store growth potential. As I just discussed, our ability to leverage our global teams' infrastructure and operational expertise are major reasons for our confidence and being able to continue to open stores profitably around the world. With over 3,600 stores today, we see the potential to grow by more than 50% to 5,600 stores long term. To be clear, this reflects the potential we see with our existing chains in our existing countries alone. But beyond this, we believe huge opportunity remains. In North America, we see the potential to add over 1,400 stores. In the U.S., we are far from finished growing our largest and most profitable division. Marmaxx is nearly a $20 billion business and T.J. Maxx and Marshalls each have more than 1,000 stores, yet we are confident meaningful opportunity remains to continue growing both chains. Long term, we see Marmaxx growing to approximately 3,000 stores. At HomeGoods, plenty of white space remains across the U.S. We see this chain expanding to at least 1,000 stores, almost double its existing base. And in Canada, our long-term target is about 500 stores. In Europe, we see the long-term potential to expand to 975 stores, almost double our current base. This reflects the potential we see for T.K. Maxx in our current geographies alone and HomeSense in the U.K., and this is before we consider the growth prospects that we see in other countries. We are pleased with our launches in Austria and in the Netherlands, which underscored our confidence entering into Australia. We see the potential to develop Trade Secret in Australia as similar to how we grew our Canadian business from a five-store chain to that country's leading off-price retailer. Australia has a population about 2/3 the size of Canada's with similar customer demographics. This underscores our confidence in our ability to grow Trade Secret to be at least a 124  125-store chain. Clearly, this number could be conservative and it reflects just the potential we see in the early days of owning this business. Before I wrap up on store growth, I want to say that we are extremely pleased to have grown our store base by 185 stores for a strong 5% in fiscal 2016. In addition to being at the upper end of our 4% to 5% range for the last several years, we plan to continue at this pace in fiscal 2017. It also feels great to say that even in today's volatile retail environment, we closed only one store last year. That's on a store base of over 3600 stores. All of this speaks to the fundamental strength of our business, our disciplined approach to real estate and our decades of operating expertise in the U.S. and internationally. I should note that while we are opportunistic in our real estate strategies as well and see volatility in the marketplace as an advantage for our business. The third major growth driver is new seeds and innovation. We are constantly testing new seeds and ideas across the company that could reap tremendous benefits for the future. We are very happy with the early reads in our new Sierra Trading Post stores, and we would be thrilled for STP to eventually become a fourth major chain in the U.S. and Canada. Also, our successful expansion of T.K. Maxx into Austria and the Netherlands further demonstrates that our value proposition can work in many other European markets. Okay. I'll wrap with our outlook for 2016. We are delighted with the great momentum in the business and our healthy start to the year. Our business is very strong, and we have many initiatives underway to drive sales and traffic. Our plan for earnings per share growth this year reflects the expected negative impact due to foreign currency and our wage initiative. In addition, investing in initiatives to gain market share and to strengthen our leadership positions around the world remains a top priority. We are committed to carefully balancing our growth and investments, and we remain disciplined in our approach. In 2016, we plan to continue investing in our stores, talent, supply chain, IT and new seeds. Our strategy is to invest ahead of our growth, and we are confident that we are making the right investments today that will give us a strong foundation for the future. Importantly, we are investing in initiatives in which we have decades of knowledge and expertise. All of this gives us great confidence that our investment strategies will be successful. We see many exciting opportunities to expand TJX, both domestically and internationally. We are confident that these investments we are making today will strongly position us to reach the next level of growth. As always, we are laser-focused on beating our plans. I could not be more excited about the future of TJX. This is a great company, and I am confident we will continue to deliver successful growth for many years to come. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance. Then, we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ernie. Now, to fiscal 2017 guidance, beginning with the full year. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.29 to $3.38, which would be down 1% to up 2% versus $3.33 in fiscal 2016. As Ernie mentioned, similar to last year, in fiscal 2017, we are planning our earnings per share to reflect the negative impact from a couple of factors. First, similar to last year, we expect foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange to negatively impact fiscal 2017 EPS growth by approximately 4%. Again, this year, it's primarily the result of the dramatic decline in the Canadian dollar and British pound rates versus the prior year. Of course, it's important to remember that FX could moderate or benefit us in the future. Secondly, as we detailed in our third quarter earnings call, we are assuming that our wage initiative will have a negative impact of about 4% to fiscal 2017 EPS growth. As always, we are extremely focused on controlling cost and striving to succeed with our plans. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $32.2 to $32.5 billion range, a 4% to 5% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. We are assuming a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the range of 10.9% to 11.1% versus 11.8% in fiscal 2016. We are planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.3% to 28.5% versus 28.8% last year. In terms of the pressure we see currency having on our mark-on and merchandise margins at TJX Canada and TJX International, we expect the negative impact to be even larger than last year. Excluding the currency headwind, we would expect the consolidated underlying merchandise margin to be flat to slightly up this year versus last year. We're planning SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.2% to 17.3% versus 16.8% last year, primarily due to our wage initiative. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.2%, net interest expense of about $54 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 662 million. Now, to our full year guidance by division. At Marmaxx, we are planning a comp growth of 1% to 2% on sales of $20.5 billion to $20.7 billion and segment profit margin in the range of 13.6% to 13.8%. As a reminder, in fiscal 2017, we are planning Marmaxx's average ticket lower in the first half of the year and essentially flat for the second half. At HomeGoods, we expect comp increases  comps to increase 3% to 4% on sales of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion and segment profit margin to be in the range of 12.9% to 13.1%. For TJX Canada, we are planning a comp increase of 3% to 4% on sales of $2.9 billion and adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 12.1% to 12.3%. At TJX International, we're expecting a comp increase of 2% to 3% on sales of $4.6 billion and adjusted pre-tax margin excluding foreign currency to be in the range of 5.6% to 5.8%. Now, to Q1 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.70 versus last year's $0.69 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 2% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 3% due to our wage initiative. We're modeling first quarter consolidated sales in the $7.2 billion to $7.3 billion range. This guidance assumes a 1% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. First quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned in the 10.2% to 10.4% range versus 11.1% the prior year. We're anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.3%, flat to down 10 basis points versus the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the 17.8% to 17.9% range versus 17.0% last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.4%, net interest expense of about $13 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 669 million. It's important to remember that our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter. Moving to our store growth plans for fiscal 2017. We plan to add approximately 195 new stores, which would bring our year-end total to about 3,809 stores. This represents store growth of approximately 5% and is at the upper end of our range for the last several years. I want to point out that our plans this year assume no store closings across our entire global store base. Beginning with the U.S., our plans call for us to open about 60 additional stores at Marmaxx and 50 more stores at HomeGoods. We also plan to open about five additional Sierra Trading Post stores this year. In Canada, we plan to add about 30 new stores. This reflects the opportunities we see to further expand winners into rural markets as well as our nationwide opportunities for Marshalls. In Europe, we plan to continue our significant pace of store growth, opening approximately 50 stores this year. This includes our plans to continue expanding into Austria and the Netherlands. I'll wrap up with our financial strength and stability, which clearly gives us tremendous confidence. In fiscal 2017, we plan to continue our balanced approach to the use of cash. With our increased investments to gain share and support our growth initiatives, we're planning for capital spending to increase to approximately $1.1 billion. In fiscal 2017, we expect that the Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 24% on top of our 20% increase last year. This would mark our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. We're planning to buy back $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion of TJX stock. Even with this level of shareholder distributions, we still plan to end fiscal 2017 with $1.7 billion to $2 billion in cash and short-term investments, which points to our significant financial flexibility. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line Omar Saad. Sir, your line is open.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Yes. It's Omar Saad at Evercore ISI. Thanks for taking my questions. Great quarter, guys. Wanted to dive in on the gross margin line a little bit deeper. Ernie and Scott, the transactional piece sounds a little bit bigger than perhaps we were thinking about it. I had been under the impression, in the European market, you buy in pounds and euros, but maybe Canada is different. And help me think about the potential to perhaps use price increase or mix as a way to offset the transactional impact, something that some other companies in the apparel space are using.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, first, I'll just give you a bit of the breakdown there. The components of the 4%, Omar, that we're talking about next year are largely split between translational, which is just taking the current British pound and the Canadian dollar with what averages we actually incurred last year. The rest of that is just, again, the drop-off of the currency that we've seen in both the British pound and Canadian dollar. And unfortunately, or fortunately for us, most of our purchases have not been made, so they're going to be subject now to this lower Canadian dollar. If we had bought out, like other chains, you would probably have less of an impact. But with a big drop-off, you're still going to have a drop-off that at this point is a bit more than last year. I'll now turn it over to Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Yeah, Omar, a good question. What happens on that front  by the way, maybe adjusting retails would make sense if we saw others doing that. We haven't experienced that to that degree. And our number one strategy, as you can see, overall, has been to gain market share. So, we're on this mission to continue to offer the outrageous value and not being the first one to try to up the retail. So, we've been successful of recent by ensuring our value is the sharpest out there. So, we do not want to mess with that. And even though we're getting hit on the buying of the goods in U.S. dollars with the Canadian dollar translation, we still haven't moved our values. And I believe, if you'll look at our Canadian comps, it's helping us gain significant market share actually in that market. So, right now, that's the strategy that we're focused on.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks. That makes a lot of sense, but just, Scott, to be clear, the Canadian market  you're buying in Canadian dollars for the Canadian market. But in the U.K., are you buying in British pounds, the cost of goods?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: So, Omar, what it is  actually, in both markets we buy certain percentage of the mix. And so, in Canada, and I think we've been public on this, we buy about half the mix in U.S. dollars and the other half is not. It's Canadian bought. So, that's still a big chunk, as you can imagine.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And then, in Europe, we buy...
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Smaller, smaller...
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we  right. About half of our goods are bought, let's just say, between U.S. dollars and euro and then...
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Right.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's about half-split between  of that 50% between the U.S. dollar and the euro.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Right.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you. That's really helpful. Good luck, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe. Sir, your line is open.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks very much, guys, and really, congratulations on a very strong quarter. I guess, a two-part question; one is, the traffic strength has been remarkable. I'm wondering, what are the levers you're pulling or what is the source of the success there, marketing, direct mail, the e-commerce, the effort we've seen in the U.S. And then, if you could just comment briefly on the decrease in ticket at Marmaxx and if it's the same at each division.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Okay, Richard. So, let's start at the top there. In terms of the traffic, first of all, there are a lot of levers being pulled, just as you mentioned. Marketing  it's never one thing. Obviously, we won't give any specific breakdowns on it, but marketing is a play. We've been very happy, as you can see, and you witnessed some of it. I'm sure, some of the creative we've had out there like our tri-brand campaign at holiday and we like what we're hitting out there with  for this first quarter coming up. Our loyalty programs have been strong, so also very happy with that. I would tell you one of the key drivers, though, still, especially in a business like ours, which has so much traffic and frequency of shopping, is that we've been executing the model, which is to deliver great goods at exciting values. And we've been going after, clearly, these brands and quality and fashion at retails that, in some cases, are obviously lower. That's a piece of why the average ticket had dropped, so to your question there. By the way, your other part of your question, with the average ticket drop, we've had a little bit of it in the other divisions, but Marmaxx has really been more or so the division that has experienced more of it. It's not as big a swing in other places in the corporation. But the traffic, we've been happy with it because we feel like we're working on all fronts. And even at this point in time, the amount of branded pack-away opportunities that have existed out there has really allowed us to position ourselves going into the new year, we think, to continue to help with the traffic pull.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: How much is that pack-away?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: We cannot give you that number. That is a good question. If you'd like to, maybe you'd like to ask Carol to see if she'd...
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Executive Chairman: Yeah, you'll get that out of me.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, Carol.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger. Ma'am, your line is open.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much. I was wondering  Scott, you talked about rising supply chain costs. Is there -- can you just put some numbers around that? Are supply chain costs simply increasing because TJX volumes continue to grow quarter after quarter and year after year? Or is there some deleveraging happening within the supply chain? And I'm wondering if you have any initiative in 2016 or 2017 on the supply chain side. Thanks so much.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The biggest piece of the supply chain cost than last year and will be more in first half-oriented this year relate to the lower average retail at Marmaxx and the cost  moving more units through  moving through our networks. So, we would expect that piece of that to moderate substantially in the back half at the moment. The other piece, frankly, relates to  we did not plan, going back a few years ago, the 7% to 8% comps that we've experienced at HomeGoods, the double-digit comp increase that we've had at Canada, thereby necessitating really more of a timing moving forward some of the needs for our supply chain infrastructure. And even a little bit of that at Marmaxx, given the lower average retail. So, this is more of a timing over the next year or two years, where we continue to have those incremental costs and we would see that moderate over time.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: And at the same time, adding into that, we have, as you've seen in the plans, we've upped the amount of HomeGoods new store openings, which is also in addition to our  obviously, our comps, is adding to additional capacity needs because we're very bullish on the future of our store openings with HomeGoods.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All high-class problems. Thanks so much, and congratulations on a great year.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss. Sir, your line is open.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey, congrats on a great quarter, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thank you.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, as we think about SG&A, if you excluded the wage investment this year, would the comp leverage point in 2016 still be around that 2% hurdle? And then, just as we think about the investment opportunities, how would you rank them this year and next between international, systems, e-commerce? Clearly, a lot of different ways you guys can take the investments. And then, finally just any color on your current business post holiday, I think, would be really helpful, just given all the disruption from some of your competitors.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Matthew, I will  let me just start with some of the color. We'll let Scott speak to the SG&A. That's in his wheelhouse, so to speak. On the investing, first of all, we do what we think makes sense in each area. Clearly, we look at each independently. Like, international, we look at there versus systems versus e-commerce. We look at a strategy independently of each and decide what we think is the right long-term and the appropriate amount. So, I'd tell you on our e-commerce business, we've discussed this before, it's a relatively small piece of our business and we are taking an approach there of investing in a very methodical way and a careful way. Having said that, we're very happy with the business where it is today. We just will  we will keep that in ratio to the benefit and where we think we are headed with that. In systems, there's certainly a maintenance side to that and a part of running the business that we are cognizant of. And in international, clearly, you can tell from what we talked about in the script, that is a key focus for us and we have shown to make our model work whenever we replicate our model. Wherever we go, in fact, as I believe I mentioned, in Australia, we are pretty happy with our early indicators there going in fairly recently and already experiencing, I think, some pretty good success. So, I think, we can't give you specifics by the different investments. We would tell you they're all long-term oriented and they're all doing what makes sense for the business. In terms of color post holiday, also, as we mentioned, we're feeling very bullish, I would say, starting the new year off strong and that's across many categories. Yes, there are plentiful opportunities in the market, as we talked about, going back at the last two quarter calls. I think Carol and I both discussed that with you in the last two quarters, but nothing has really changed in the environment out there. In fact, there just continues to be a lot of opportunities. If anything, we're at one of those high points of taking advantage of pack-aways, but still having to control our merchants to make sure that we don't buy too much actually because there's so much to choose from. So, we're feeling really, really strong about the positioning post holiday. The liquidity is in a good position. That is feeling healthy. And I guess, that's that. And I will ask Scott to jump in on the SG&A.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I'll just for  won't give much more color on the investment. But our capital budget increase over last year is pretty similar when you talk about the new stores, renovations, as Ernie talked about earlier. And the biggest incremental piece of our increase over last year, frankly, relates to timing of some spend between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017. And then, as we talked about, just the cost related to the new distribution centers. Moving to the SG&A, the comp breakeven is closer to  is a solid 3%. It used to be a bit lower, but more having to do with the  by the way, this is going back several years, with the significant opportunities that were at that point in terms of cost efficiencies and merchandise  lower-lying fruit on merchandise inventories as we were bringing down substantially our inventories. The past  last year, and I would say still, certainly, with the wage piece and a little bit with the average ticket, the incremental costs obviously are weighing on you because of the wage increases and what the average retail do are mitigating a bit of what that would be on your flow-through. So, a solid 3%, excluding what would be the  I would just say the wage increase.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Best of luck, guys.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Matt, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez. Sir, your line is open.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks, guys. On the Trade Secret business, is that currently losing money? If it is, could you share with us how much in 2015 and maybe how much in 2016? And just thinking about now that you have the Australian business, does that change your pack-away strategy at all? Just given seasons are opposite, might you use less pack-away in the North American business, maybe ship some of the goods down there? I'm just wondering, obviously, related to that, does it maybe change your open-to-buy here in North America? Thanks.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So, Paul, I'm not going to give a lot of color, But clearly, in the fourth quarter and the early part of this year, the Trade Secret acquisition will be a large portion of the decrease in the TJX International and a relatively  an impact but a relatively small impact over the course of the year for TJX in total.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Paul, on the  on your merchandise, really, mix and opportunity question there, it's  which by the way is a great question because we  one of the benefits we've liked about it is we have been able to bob and weave, so to speak, the way you have just described it. So, we're able to take things that are a little out of season here and go there with it. Now, you have to keep in mind, we're dealing with 35 stores versus billions right? So, it's not a major swing impact for, like, the Marmaxx guys or the home businesses here. But there is a strong benefit for the new Australian business for Trade Secret because they're able to take advantage, to your point, of the off-season goods. It becomes not a pack-away, it becomes an in-season use there. And there's going to be some benefit additionally in terms of reading some trends on a certain fashion item that we'll be able to go ahead of it there, like we're able to do with our down stores (49:02) here as well. But even there, a little earlier, that will give us some reads actually on some fashion items ahead of the curve, so we can maybe take advantage of that back here. So, a great question, yeah. And we're happy  again, as I said before, very happy with we have  what we've already done with that and we have some great people working there. We have one senior executive that, and I think we talked about this before, from our Canada division that has relocated there as well as a handful of other TJX associates. So, we are really TJX-sizing that business rather quickly. And already  and you guys are familiar with how we pride ourselves on turning fast to create the treasure hunt. That division is already turning significantly faster than it did last year with a huge reduction in inventory. So, all good signs and I think the subject you brought up about the way we'll buy it will just help that. That will be another benefit in the future.
Paul Lejuez - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks and good luck.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Grambling. Sir, your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning. I have a bit of a big picture question and one follow-up, if I can. We often hear pushback from investors on how big off-price can be and if it really needs full price, and this quarter seems to alleviate those concerns. But can you give us any thoughts you have on that relationship between the full-price and the off-price, how that might be changing any quantification of how big the off-price market should be or can be?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: So, Stephen, obviously, I guess, you would say  in a big, big picture, you'd say you're asking a group of people that are maybe not totally objective on this because we would say off-price can continue to get bigger and bigger and bigger, and we are not as high on the full-price business for a reason. I think, in the environment that we're in right now, by the way, I think the value of off-price business still plays better and some of the results that come out there, I think that will validate that. The reason we  if you look  actually, if you look at our store growth that we've laid out, that tells you how bullish we are and then if you look at, I think some of the other reports that have been out recently over the last couple of months on other types of retail that do not have store growth going the other way, so to speak, I think that would tell you that we believe the off-price is the big opportunity. And we just never  sometimes there's a concern, there's going to be a lack of goods as we continue to growing out all these stores. It just, as you know  I think I said it like 20 minutes ago. We actually have to hold the merchants back still. There's so much merchandise out there. We've never not had it be that way. It goes in waves, sometimes a little more than others. Yes, right now, it's a little bit more of that mode, but even when it cuts back a little, there's still more goods than we can take in. So, we're just bullish on this model. We can't speak to, really, nor can the team speak to really any other retail model as well as we can this one, but we're very comfortable and confident where the potential lies in TJX and growth here.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Fair enough. And as a follow-up, you had outlined, I believe, it was a 10% to 13% EPS growth algorithm at the Analyst Day back in 2013. Is that still the right way to think about the long-term growth ex-FX and maybe once wage hikes normalize?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Well, Paul (sic) [Steve], we aren't really providing today our long-term EPS model because there are just a few factors impacting our growth. The first one is clearly the foreign exchange issue has been in flux, by the way. Some day that could go the other way and actually benefit us. But right now, that's been in flux, as we just talked about. Secondly, there's a negative impact from our wage initiative, which Scott referred to. And it's bigger in FY 2017 that we're entering. We expect it, by the way, in FY 2018 to go back to 2016 levels, but it's still significant. And the other, again, unknown there or a bit in flux is that we could be further impacted if additional cities, states or countries increase their minimum wage. So, that, again, hits us there potentially, but we don't know by how much. And then, lastly, we have our investments to fuel our future growth. And these investments, by the way, as I said before, these are the right things to do. And two of the key components there are building our supply chain earlier, because we've had this high-class problem of growing faster than we planned on, and our systems investments. And having said all that, we are so confident at TJX in our long-term vision for growth. Yeah, we're not giving you that long-term model today, but our business is so fundamentally healthy. Our traffic gains in FY 2016 and our momentum entering into FY 2017 are so strong. We're just building. Talent for the future is another thing we're after, and we are making long term investments where we think they make sense. So, hopefully that helps you.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful, thanks. Best of luck this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson. Ma'am, your line is open.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the guidance for flat ticket in the second half. Is this just a matter of lapping last year's initiatives? And is there an opportunity to continue to sharpen the value proposition for customers as we move through the year?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Lorraine, it's funny. We talk about this quite a bit internally here. And so, we would say we expect it to moderate second quarter of next year. You're exactly accurate. Part of that was a mix component, if you remember. There were really two facets. One, buying, because of the nature of the environment right now, buying the same goods for less. But, then you have the other half of the component, which was really just we juggled some of the mixes, and the penetrations of certain mixes with lower ticket went up. So, it created a mix content issue. To your question, we would think that's going to happen. The only thing I would tell you is we have bought so little of that time period at this point because we're so opportunistic that we have so much open-to-buy for the second quarter that we could end up, yes, we could end up slightly down in ticket again. I doubt it would be to the degree that we have had it last year over the year before, but it could be down a few points. It's possible because we don't want to predict. One of the best parts of this business is when we have significant open-to-buy, we don't feel a need to have to call it today on where we could end up then. We want to go with the best values that are out there.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then, can you talk about any trends at HomeGoods in terms of ticket? Have those been up or down over the past couple of years?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: We don't really talk about that. It's been kind of uneventful, I would say. And ticket has not been a component of that business. They are just doing so many other things that are driving the business clearly. And we're just happy with the business because of all the execution on the other fronts. If you walk in there, as you know, it's one of our  I would say our most impulsive mix store  it's difficult if you're a customer to walk in and not spend $200. I guess that's the way we like to describe it. Because there's so much exciting impulse merchandise there. So, it's really less of, like, a ticket issue there and more about the ever-changing  and I think you guys are aware, Lorraine, I'm sure you heard from us about how fast we turn HomeGoods, right? It is our fastest turning business. So, I think we're getting a customer there that not only is it impulsive to begin with, she could go back a week and a half later and it's different again. So, we're excited about it.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Mike Baker. Sir, your line is open.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. I'll finish up by asking about the competitive environment relative to department stores and promotions. We know that they were pretty heavy in the inventory and pretty promotional because of the warm weather earlier in the winter. So, did you see that? How did you work against that? But more importantly, are you seeing any change in the promotional environment? Presumably, department stores have started to work through some of that inventory, and the weather has gotten a little bit more seasonal in some areas. So, are you seeing less promotional competitive pressures out there?
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Mike, we haven't. I have to tell you, I have seen no (58:23) major shift of recent. Yeah, I mean, right now, you see less relative to fourth quarter because that's the nature of the time period when you're transitioning into the new season. So, yes, there's less right now than there was before. However, if you ask me how does it compare this year to last year for department stores, I could not answer that. We try to kind of focus on what we're feeling here. What we feel in general is an environment of, again, a lot of availability of merchandise. And so, we don't know where that  some of it's department stores, some of it's specialty stores, some of it's other types of stores. So, that's really our only barometer. In terms of their promotional activity, again, not sure. We do see their ticket actually declining is our perception. We see  I would say not declining, but we see their ticket kind of staying into the zone than it's been to last year. Kind of very similar, like, we don't see any major shifts, I guess, in what they're carrying.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, understood. One more, if I could. If  I think I have these numbers right. When you jump out the wage in the currency, your earnings growth last year at this time, you talked about 9% to 12%. This year, if you add back the 8% points from those things, it's more like 7% to 11%. So, is the lower expected growth excluding all those two one-time things? Is it because of the investments you're making or is there something else in there?
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, the primary difference  or one of the biggest difference is the wage versus last year. But also, we don't have as high a level of merchandise margin increase also compared to last year. So, we  as we talked about, we still have a merchandise margin that's planned up excluding the currency. So  but we do  it's not planned at the levels that  higher levels that we had on the plan last year.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay...
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Again, comparable 1% to 2% comp that we had last year.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, right, of course.
Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Those would be the two of the bigger components.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: And, Mike, I would like to reiterate, and I think we say this often, that we always plan conservatively. And as you know, our intention is always to beat these plans. So, we are clearly putting together what we believe is the right plan to put together. But we  our intention is to certainly surpass the plan.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman - Chief Executive Officer, President & Director: I think that was our last question. We look forward to having the opportunity to talk with you guys again after the first quarter. Thank you, all, for your time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q3  (2015-11-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Deb McConnell - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Carol Meyrowitz - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ernie L. Herrman - President  Scott Goldenberg - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Gregory Baglione - Morgan Stanley Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Roxanne Meyer - MKM Partners Paul Lejuez - Citi Robert Drbul - Nomura Brian Tunick - RBC Capital Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Binetti - UBS Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded on Tuesday, November 17, 2015.  I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Melissa. And good morning everyone and before we get started, Deb has a few comments.
Deb McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the Companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2015. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Before I review the quarter, I want to take a moment to say how excited we are about our recent news that Ernie will become the next CEO of TJX. As you the know, the Board plans to elect Ernie as CEO at the beginning of our next fiscal year. The board and I could not be more convinced that Ernie is the right person to lead TJX into the future is proven successful track record, leadership abilities, strategic vision, discipline and focus are all characteristics that we believe make an absolutely the right choice.  Succession planning has always been a priority of TJX and we are confident that our long thoughtful and deliberate process will results in a seamless transition. I will remain active with the company in the role of Executive Chairman and very much look forward to continuing to work with Ernie and the team. Moving to the third quarter, Im extremely pleased with our continued strong momentum, we are thrilled with our customer traffic gains as we continue to strive to takes a bigger piece of the pie. We believe on many initiatives to attract new shoppers are working and that we are growing our customer base. It was great to see strong performance across our apparel, accessory and home categories demonstrating that our amazing values and merchandise mix are resonating with our consumers across all of our geographies. Earnings per share was $0.86 significantly above our plan, our 5% consolidated comp store sales growth over 2% increase last year continued our strong trend from the first two quarters of the year and was also well above our expectations. The comp was entirely driven by customer traffic. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter and traffic was the primary driver of our comp sales growth. 
 off-price : We believe our continued strong sales traffic increases and merchandise margins speaks the fundamental strength of this business. Also during the quarter, we were delighted to open our first store in the Netherlands and add Trade Secret in Australia to our family of companies. Im very happy to say that we now operate in nine countries on three continents. The addition of Australia clearly increases our already enormous global growth opportunities, which Ernie will discuss more on a year-end call in February. We are pleased to see our traffic increases continue in the fourth quarter and I couldnt be more excited about the holiday selling season. We have many surprises in the store for our customers, we see many near and long-term growth opportunities for TJX. To support our goals for growth and gaining market share, we are reinvesting in the business and strengthening our global foundation. Im very confident that we have the right balance of growth and investment strategies in place to become a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott and he will recap our third quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 5% continuing our strong trend this year and exceeding our plan. This quarter marks our 27th consecutive quarter of consolidated comp store sales growth. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude e-commerce. We were very pleased that customer traffic was the primary driver of our comp increases at every division. It was also great to see a strong increase in our unit sold again this quarter. As we anticipated, average ticket decreased which was essentially in line where we had planned it. Diluted earnings per share were $0.86 versus last years $0.85 and also well above our plan. Its important to note that our third quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by 7% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange and about 4% primarily due to our wage initiatives and incremental investments.  Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.1% down 90 basis points versus the record margin in the prior year and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.0, down 40 basis points versus last year. Buying and occupancy leverage on the five comp was more than offset by transactional foreign exchange at our international divisions, increased cost associated with moving more units through our supply chain and e-commerce. We are delighted that merchandise margins remain strong in the third quarter, despite these headwinds. While overall merchandise margins were down slightly, we were very pleased to see an increase in our brick-and-mortar merchandise margins. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.7%, up 50 basis points versus last years ratio. This increase was primarily due to our wage initiative and increased supply chain costs as we had anticipated.  At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were up 6% on a constant currency basis. We are very comfortable with our inventory position, which we strategically increased ahead of the fourth quarter to provide more flexibility to flow fresh merchandise goods to our stores with greater precession throughout the holiday season.  We are in excellent position to take advantage of our flush marketplace for the quality branded merchandize and we will be buying right after the holidays. In terms of share repurchases during the third quarter, we bought back 459 million of TJX stock retiring 6.4 million shares. Year-to-date we have retired 19.1 million shares buying back 1.3 billion of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.8 billion to 1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Now I'll share some color on the third quarter by division. So, in the U.S., Marmaxx comp increased 3% and again this quarter was fantastic to see the comp was entirely driven by customer traffic, while segment profit margin was down 70 basis point, we had anticipated a negative impact to margins from our wage initiative and higher supply chain cost. Importantly, for the fourth consecutive quarter we saw an increase in merchandize margin. We continued our strategy of adjusting our pricing and merchandize mix to offer shoppers amazing assortments and value. As we expected this resulted in a lower average ticket, our gains in traffic, units sold and merchandize margins tell us our strategies are clearly working and underscore the flexibility of our business model. We believe our ability to adjust our values and mix to suite customers needs and preferences, differentiates us from many other major retailers. We expect our average ticket to be lower again in the fourth quarter, which is reflected in our guidance that Scott will review in a moment. We are convinced that our strategies will attract more shoppers during the holiday season, set us up well for the first quarter and benefit our business in the medium and long-term by driving traffic and market share gain. Wrapping up on Marmaxx, our apparel business performed well in the third quarter and home and accessories continue their excellent performance. Also, we opened our result in 1000 Marshalls store in October, a proud milestone for our business. HomeGoods delivered another excellent quarter, comps were up 6% over strong 7% increase last year. Segment profit margin increased 10 basis points and as we expected was impacted by our wage initiative. We are delighted with HomeGoods continued sharp execution and strong merchandise margin improvement. We believe HomeGoods offers consumer a highly differentiated collection of home fashions from around the world and we could not be more excited about its long-term potential. Now moving to our international division, TJX Canada drove outstanding performance again this quarter, comp sales increased 10% marking the third consecutive quarter of double-digit comp growth. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was flat, which was well above our expectations. As anticipated, the significant year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar negatively impacted TJX Canada's profit and merchandize margins. That said, once again our Canadian organization did a terrific job leveraging our global organization to mitigate some of this currency impact. We are very pleased with our continuing momentum in Canada and the great performance across all three of our Canadian chain. TJX Europes strong momentum continue with comps up 7%, adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 30 basis points, primarily due to significant impact from transactional FX as well as investment in new countries and infrastructure. It was great to see sequential improvement in comp sales again this quarter and such strong performance across each of our geographies. During the quarter, we continue to broaden our European reach with the opening of our first store in the Netherland and our third store in Austria. We are delighted to now be offering great brands fashions and value to consumers in six European countries. Now to e-commerce, since launching tjmaxx.com two years ago, we have added more than 3,000 brand in over 25 department. At Sierra Trading Post, we opened our third store in Colorado during the quarter and our first East Coast store Burlington, Vermont last week. Ernie and I were delighted to be at the grand opening, customers love the STP concept. Our e-commerce sites in the U.S. and UK have sensational gift-giving initiatives planned for the holidays. Our aim is to be there for our consumers however and whenever they want to shop us. Our e-commerce site is our another avenue for us to attract more customers and new customers. Now to our opportunities for the holiday season and fourth quarter. first, you have probably heard me say this before, but I'm convinced that this holiday season our gift-giving collections are the best we've ever had. Every year we work to raise the bar and be better than a year before. We plan to flow fresh, exciting collection to our stores and online multiple times a week throughout the season. Shoppers can expect to see something new every time they visit, which we believe sets us apart from traditional retailers.  Second, I loved our marketing campaigns for all divisions globally, our tri-branded marketing for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods launched yesterday and well be running every week throughout the holiday season. I believe it captures the nature of our customers, our company speaks to our point of difference in the marketplace will resonate with consumer. We will be leveraging elements of this campaign in Canada for Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls. In Europe, we are leveraging our T.K. Maxx marketing campaign across all geography. Third, Im excited about the in-store initiatives that we have planned, but they will just have to shop our stores to see what they are. Above all, we remain focused on offering consumers amazing values on quality branded merchandise and an eclectic mix from around the world. Im confident that our stores will have the best gift-giving assortment this holiday season and that will allow shoppers with our values every time they visit. Now, moving to our longer term opportunities which we believe will drive profitable growth for many years to come. Starting with driving customer traffic in comp sales, we are delighted with our traffic in comp sales momentum and see huge opportunity to continue growing our U.S. and international market share both through brick-and-mortar and online.  We are laser focused on attracting new customers of all ages and encouraging more frequent shopping visit. I believe we become better all the time at leveraging our global marketing capabilities across the company and continue to take a multi-layered approach to advertising through television, radio, digital, social media and mobile. We are growing our successful loyalty programs in the U.S. and Canada and are pleased with the results of our program in the UK market. Further we strive to improve the shopping experience and make our stores better every day. Our goal is to keep increasing overall customer satisfaction, while making our retail brands more top of mind and must-shop destination for consumers. We also see e-commerce as an important growth driver and believe our online platform is differentiated some additional retailers. We continue with our growth smart approach so that both online traffic and sales are incremental to our successful brick-and-mortar business. Secondly, we see enormous global store growth potential. With nearly 3,600 stores today, we see the opportunity to grow by more than 50% to almost 5,500 stores long-term. This reflects the opportunity we see for our current chain and our current markets alone before considering our potential in Australia or other new countries. We were very pleased to close our acquisition of Trade Secret in Australia in October. Trade Secret fits directly into our clear vision for global growth and gives us immediate scale and first mover advantage in Australia, a market where we see great potential for our business. As I mentioned, we also opened our first store in the Netherlands, which marks the next logical step in our European expansion and leverages our established European infrastructure and organization. We have thrilled to bring our value to more consumers around the world. Lastly, on our long-term growth drivers continuing to be leaders and innovation remain key to our long-term success. We are always working on new seeds and testing ideas across the company that lead to new categories or initiatives to fuel future growth. Im convinced that our focused on innovation will continue to set us apart from our competition.  We are continuing to balance our growth within reinvesting in the business to support our goals and build upon our leadership positions around the world. We are in the fortunate position of having many growth initiatives working and well continue to invest in our stores global infrastructure systems and talent to support them. Weve confident our investments will help us grow our global market share including broadening reach to Australia to Austria and the Netherlands and expanding to Australia with Trade Secret. As to outline while it represents just over 1% of sales today, we see it as an important growth vehicle for the future. We are investing in our online infrastructure and talent to support our plans and eventually rollout e-commerce for additional retail brands. Investing ahead of our growth remains a top priority so we can ensure that we lay a strong foundation today to position us well for tomorrow and many years to come. To be clear, we are investing carefully and methodically, which is evident from our strong balance sheet. Summing up, we are thrilled with our continued momentum, the sharp execution across all our geographies and our strong gains and customer traffic which led to above plan results in the third quarter. Our traffic continues to be strong in the fourth quarter, we see exciting opportunities to for holiday season and as always we will strive to surpass our goals. We see a marketplace loaded, I would say loaded with quality, brand and merchandise and we are in excellent inventory position to take advantage of this great opportunities. We feel great about our inventory liquidity and plan to be buying right up until Christmas. We are very excited about our holiday marketing and gift-getting initiatives. I believe there are the best we have ever had and will drive traffic to our stores and online.  Most importantly, well continue to offer tremendous values for shoppers every time they visit. We are delighted with our entrance into Australia, in the Netherlands as we continue to broaden our global reach. Longer term, we have great confidence that we will continue to build on our leadership position as we keep growing TJX around the globe. We are balancing our growth and investments to capitalize on our first mover advantages in many countries to continue capturing market share and support future of this great company. We believe we have one the most consistent business models in all of retail. In 38-years we have seen only one annual comp decline, which very few retailers can say. Year-after-year we have delivered steady sales and earnings growth while simultaneously reinvesting in our business and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Before turning the call over to Scott, I would like to take a moment, as some of you may be concerned about todays retail environment. To talk why TJX is so different from other retailers and how we continuously drive over comp store increases in many kinds of economic and retail environment, whether its very promotional or less promotional. We have built one of the most flexible retail models in the world over many, many years. Our vendor Universe is more than 17,000 and growing and no one brand has ever a substantial portion of our merchandise mix.  With our global presence, we have the ability to buy all over the world and offer consumers an eclectic differentiated mix and unique selection. We are always pushing innovation which are convinced is a key to our success. We have a balanced portfolio of businesses in the U.S. and internationally which allows us to leverage our key advantages and mitigate our risk as one part of the world maybe more volatile than another at given time. Lastly, our customers are able to experience our treasure hunt any way they please whether at their local store or online 24x7. Over many decades, we have grown TJX into a global off-price powerhouse and we are far from finish. We have a management team that is passionate about driving profitable growth and growing TJX to $40 billion and way beyond. Now I will turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we will open it for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal guidance beginning with the fourth quarter. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.91 to $0.93 versus last years $0.93 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 5% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange. Our plans also reflect a 4% negative impact to EPS due to a combination of our wage initiative, incremental investments to grow our market share and pension costs. I wanted to note that our plans also reflect a five-penny negative impact to EPS from a combination of factors that were not contemplated in our previous guidance. These costs include costs associated with Trade Secret as we start to integrate it into TJX, a lower average ticket at Marmaxx as Carol mentioned as well as the timing of some expenses. We are modeling fourth quarter consolidated sales in the $8.6 billion to $8.7 billion range. This guidance assumes a 2% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. We are assuming comp sales growth of 2% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 11.3% to 11.5% range versus 12.4% last year. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 27.7% to 27.8% versus 28.2% last year. This assumes foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain costs. Despite these headwinds, we expect underlying merchandise margins to remain strong. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.2% versus 15.7% last year primarily due to our wage initiative, costs associated with integrating Trade Secret into our business and increased supply chain costs. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.4% and net interest expense of about $13 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately of $676 million.  Moving on to full-year guidance, I want to begin by saying that if it were not for acquisition of Trade Secret and the associated of two to three pennies, we would have raised our full-year guidance. We continue to expect fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.26 to $3.28 over $3.15 in fiscal 2015. Excluding last years debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 2016 expected EPS would be up 3% to 4% over the prior years adjusted $3.16. As a reminder, our plans reflect the impact of several items detailed in our press release that we are assuming will negatively impact our fiscal 2016 EPS growth by about 9%. We are increasing our comp sales guidance to reflect our strong third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We are now expecting comp sales growth of 4% to 5% on a consolidated basis. We continue to expect a comp increase of 3% at Marmaxx. For the year, we continue to expect pre-tax profit margin to be approximately 11.7% versus last years adjusted 12.3%. We are anticipating gross profit margin to be approximately 28.5%, which would be flat versus fiscal 2015. We are planning for a slight increase in merchandise margins. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.7% versus 16.1% last year. Its important to remember that our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Before we start Q&A, I want to recap the impact of our wage initiatives on EPS growth as we've had a lot of questions on that. To reiterate what we've said in earlier conference calls wage increases make-up a little more than half of the 4% negative impact to EPS growth this year from the items we've called out, which is a reminder also include incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs. So were anticipating a negative EPS impact of about 2% to 3% from wage increases in fiscal 2016. As we said before, were assuming a larger incremental impact next year, because of our increase to $10 and then annualizing some of this years increase to $9. Specifically in fiscal 2017, we would expect wage increases to have a negative impact to EPS growth of approximately 4%. In fiscal 2018, we are assuming the incremental impact will moderate back down to this years levels. Well talk about the other components of fiscal 2017 guidance on a year-end call in February, but I hope thats helpful in clarifying the effect were anticipating from wages. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Omar Saad [Evercore ISI]. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Well thanks. Good morning, great job. Congratulations guys and Carol and Ernie also congratulations on everything going on.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks Omar.
Ernie L. Herrman: Thank you.
Omar Saad: Clear changes. Actually I wanted to ask about weather. A year ago, you didnt mentioned weather at all the day, a lot of retailers this earning season have been talking about weather. A year-ago you guys had talked a little bit about on seasonal weather in the third quarter and unseasonably cold in the first quarter last year. What has change that you have been able to - if anything you have been able to maybe adapt and avoid some of the weather put falls that hit you last year and that are hitting some of the other retailer this year? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Omar thats all about execution and delivering the right products to right stores at the right time and every year we learn and we get better weatherproofing our business. And it just comes back to the model, we learn and we keep ourselves very flexible. So its just really guys executed extremely well, they did the right categories, the right timing, they did a fabulous job. So I would say rather I you know I would rather not talk about weather, but I hope every single quarter, we get better at figuring out how to transition, so just great execution.
Omar Saad: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow [Wells Fargo Securities]. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good morning everyone, let me add my congrats. I appreciate the color next year on the wages and how to think about that. Just to follow that up, the increase in supply chain costs due to the sustain so many units youve been running through the supply chain this year and also FX pressures, transaction impact into next year. Is there anything else you could help us when we think about any potential headwind that you might have on margins for next year in terms of those two other buckets?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean our average ticket - as we have said we have that build into our fourth quarter, a little bit into first quarter and then that should start to mitigate at that point. Foreign exchange, I hope its an opportunity next year and you never know.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss [JPMorgan]. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Hey, good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So we know apparel promotional and there is inventory in the channel. I guess my question is any changes that you see necessary to your price algorithm versus how you initially laid it out. And then as we think about brick-and-mortar traffic that you generating versus peers. I mean what do you think is the secret sauce thats driving the continued market share. And then as we think about the open to buying and pack way. I think more so the question is where you stand today versus historically and if you looked back how do you compare availability in the channel today versus the past?
Carol Meyrowitz: Im going to throw it over to Ernie for availability, because we are kind of looking at each other and going Oh My God, but any way. First of all, we really arent going to talk about our secret sauce, we have built a machine, we have buyers around the world, we think we have the most eclectic exciting mix and thats what drives our business. Last year, we felt we wanted to improve our apparel mix, I think the guys did a fabulous job of the right brands in the right fashion and Ernie talked inventory, it's just really exciting.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, I think Matthew first of all in terms of I think your first question was about pricing. We kind of work with the - the buyers are well aware where retails are across the industry and so from there, we are pretty closed in, we decided where the value should be, obviously we need to be the best value and so that's kind of how we do the pricing. We stay consistent for that model, having said that and Carol just started to allude to it. The market as you can imagine right now have availability which we've talked about before, I would say now availability beyond the normal amount of availability, I don't want to give you any specifics, but its across numerous brands and numerous categories throughout the store. And so that certainly helps us with the competitive pricing as you can imagine down the road. And as Carol said by the way on the secret sauce we can't give you specifics, but what I think the color I just gave you that that's a bit of how we operate. And as you guys know we have around a 1000 buyers worldwide that are able to take advantage of all the opportunities that are out there and we're into tremendous liquidity position. Right now coming out of this quarter allowing us to take advantage of any of the opportunities with the obvious availability that's out there. As well as our inventories, really in a position to take advantage of some low hanging fruit which we felt we missed some opportunities last fourth quarter on. So, hopefully that answer your questions.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we're in a fabulous open to buy position.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Ernie L. Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mike Baker [Deutsche Bank]. Your line is open.
Mike Baker: Hi thanks. So a couple of questions, maybe if this is a serious stuff tell me, but so it sounds like you're giving customers a little bit more value to win some share, which seems to be working out. Is that sort of the same type of merchandize, but at better price or you sort of moving the mix down to product that might be a little bit more moderate?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Mike, some of it is mix, but a lot of it is looking at what we did last year and looking across the country at what is really the right, again the right product in the right parts of the country at the right time. So it's a combination of everything. It's just we get better at it. Every year we look and we say, what did we do wrong and what could we do better? We never look at it as lets just repeat exactly what we did. We always try and improve and that's the part of innovation, it's part of learning, it's part of our secret sauce, it's part of our sourcing, so we strive to be better every year. That's what keeps our comps going.
Mike Baker: Okay that makes sense. If, I could ask just two more quick sort of follow-up questions?
Carol Meyrowitz: Maybe.
Mike Baker: Okay, you said that merchandize margins were up in Marmaxx but
Carol Meyrowitz: On the brick-and-mortar, yes.
Mike Baker: Oh, up in Marmaxx brick-and-mortar, okay, that's a clarification. So, why we would e-commerce drag it down? Is that mix, I assume that shipping is not in the merchandize margin, is that right?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, e-commerce doesn't produce the kind of operating income that Marmaxx does it, you are look at 14% almost operating income, so what it does do is build traffic, it is bringing in new customers and it's doing exactly what we wanted to do and it's giving the convenience of shopping, which is why we are differentiating it. Number one, it's not the same as that product in the store, because it's enticing for people to continue shopping 24/7. And we believe that as that grows in the future, it brings customers into the store which we are seeing. So the combination of bringing in new customers and seeing a lifetime value of a customer that shops online and in brick-and-mortar, is really what is driving for. So we carefully invest and that's why we're not going dung-ho and investing a billion dollars online that really wouldn't be smart. So when we say we're investing carefully and methodically that's what we mean.
Mike Baker: Okay that makes sense. One more, quick one, [indiscernible] me and everyone else how you guys characterize your pack away, I think you said in the past not more than 10% of cost of goods sold, is that still a right way to think about it?
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely, well, yes, we haven't really increased the percentage or - as Ernie just said, the market is so loaded with curing good and that's what you really want. Yes, at the end of the season are they going to be a ton of coats in cold weather available, probably and we'll take full advantage of that but we really want to be the best brands and most of current and the right fashion.
Mike Baker: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger [Morgan Stanley]. Your line is open.
Gregory Baglione: Hi everyone this is Greg Baglione for Kimberly. Just first off really a nice quarter, just going back on the merchandize margin question and obviously really strong results year-to-date, aside from the attractive buying environment, could you just talk on a few things that sustain that momentum as you move into 2016. And then just a quick follow-up on Canada, obviously really impressive double-digit comps year-to-date, just any update or thoughts on what's going on in that environment and how you are seeing that longer term? Thanks
Carol Meyrowitz: Well I'll answer, in terms of Canada I just think the group has been, weve built a foundation there Ernie put a team together and I think its now they are many years into it and I just their mix is absolutely terrific and they are executing extremely well. I have to go back to your first question, I am not really - didnt quite understand, you said 2016 merchandise margins. Can you clarify?
Gregory Baglione: Just on the strong improvement year-to-date what kind of keeps the momentum going as against next year, I understand the buying environment is very attractive right now, but just any other leverage that really keep that moving forward?
Ernie L. Herrman: I think our liquidity position will really help us going forward. We are in a great position in terms of open to buy across the entire company and that really when you have a flush market like we said early on the script, I think really plays to us taking advantages of those opportunities and the margin to your question.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other piece is just our supply chain that we move quicker and we invest in that so that we can deliver more often to a store and closer. So the guys will be in the market, probably the week of the holiday or the week right before and thats what exciting about it. We can buy very close to need. Thank you. We have another question?
Operator: Thank you. Yes, the next question is from Stephen Grambling [Goldman Sachs]. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a follow-up on the EBIT margin comment. Should we be rebasing Marmaxx's margin expectations lower longer term due to the supply chain costs from a lower ticket or e-commerce or can you recoup some of these pressures?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well as I said the average ticket will start to mitigate probably a little less in the first quarter and then will start to really flatten out. On the wage, Scott do you want to reiterate that?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, again we talked about the 4% impact to EPS. We really not at this time we are going to go into it by division, clearly, it effects the domestic divisions but there is going to be some pressure on the European divisions. In Europe, in the UK there is also some legislation passed in terms of higher minimum wage thats reflected in that 4% number we get, but again a 4% EPS impact next year will effect Marmaxx and the HomeGoods divisions a bit more than they have this year.
Stephen Grambling: I guess I was trying to ask another way, just I think historically you were guided to around call it low double-digit or 9% to 13% EPS growth incorporated some EBIT margin expansion and I am wondering has anything changed in that potential for EBIT margin expansion?
Carol Meyrowitz: We will be going through - at the end of the year we will be talking going forward, but the wage impact will hit us next year. However, there is positive to that and we think that we keep people longer and we build our talent and we think thats all positive to the in-store experience. So long-term I think thats going to be positive for us.
Stephen Grambling: Great. And I'll seek one other one if I can which is just as you end the year it looks like you are going to be around adjusted an adjusted or adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio around 1.7 times maybe a little above, where as you used to operate in the mid two for a about a decade. Can you just talk to how you evaluate the right leverage ratio for the business?
Ernie L. Herrman: Sure. Some of the decrease is obviously by the strong operating performance, some of that is also on how the Moodys and Standard & Poors have changed some of the valuation of the leases, so weve had a bit of a benefit from that going from the low two range to the 1.7 that youve talked about. But annually we go over the shareholder distribution policies with our Board in terms of what is the right mix of dividends and buyback and certainly we have kept our powder dry on the balance sheet. But at this point we have been trying to grow the dividend ahead of our earnings per growth and share growth and we have been consistently growing in around 20%. But really not going to go through what next years plans are at this point other than we have been very consistent in that distribution of all of our excess cash through dividends and buyback and certainly we see no change to that policy.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thanks. Best of luck for the holiday.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Roxanne Meyer [MKM Partners]. Your line is open.
Roxanne Meyer: Great. Thanks. Let me add my congratulations on a really solid quarter. Two questions for you. One, I was wondering if you could elaborate on a strength that you are seeing in Canada and Europe now for a couple of quarters and really what is behind that and driving that in each market? And then second, how should we think about the accretion of Trade Secret overtime, obviously its small, but curious to know if you can share your expectations for the impact? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay, well Roxanne really the strength in Europe and Canada, I'm kind of repeating myself is really about execution. We really act as one and a global organization so we are able to advantage of the trends around the world and I just think that our team is getting stronger and stronger. So it just comes down to share execution. In terms of Trade Secret. Well were hoping a little bit smaller, but were hoping its a mini Canada, so were pretty excited about it. Well invest in it appropriately, but we think its a tremendous opportunity, there is really no great value retailers there, its a very strong demographic average income, its actually a little bit higher than Canada. So were feeling great about it.
Roxanne Meyer: Great. Thanks and best of luck for holiday.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Lejuez [Citi]. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey thanks guys. Just going back to Omars question. Can you actually share with us the comp by region. Just kind of curious about the delta between some of your stronger regions and which ones those were as well as your weaker regions. And then just second tjmaxx.com or tkmaxx.com are either of those large enough and growing fast enough to move the comp isle if they were to be included in your overall comp? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Paul, we were across the board strong, Im not going to divided up by region, but we just had strong comp across the board. And as far as T.J. Maxx, Scott you do want to comment on that, I mean its small today, its a good growth but
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I would just say its too small enough at this point, it will just be a rounding if you happen to be close enough to make it round up or down, so I would say its just too small.
Ernie L. Herrman: Even combined.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, because as weve said before the total sales of the e-commerce businesses in an around the 1% range.
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then just one follow-up. Can you talk inventory by division where you might be a little bit heavier or lighter going to 4Q?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, the real answer were in great shape across the Board.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, we dont go by prior division, I think as Ernie said, we feel real comfortable as we try to point out, its a timing of the inventory. So our inventories at the store level are exactly where we would want them to be and at the end of the third quarter.
Ernie L. Herrman: Well on the DCs some of thats or flow for opportunities like in Marmaxx. Basically in ratio to the sales I would tell you that each division is right where we want them to be. So we do look at it that way Paul, we look at the similar trend with the open to buy, with the inventory level not just one aspect. And at the same time by the way globally there is so much availability across every market that applies to Canada, Europe, U.S. and other markets that we didnt even name. Again, were feeling very good about the inventory level relative to the sales trend in each division.
Scott Goldenberg: And just to reiterate on the inventory. I mean although we are up 6% on a per store basis. As weve said we would expect the end of the year inventory to be slightly up on a per store basis, again with stores where we were and obviously that means the DC inventory would be coming down accordingly. So we feel real good about that and again we have total sales plans with the comp and total close to 7% built in here.
Paul Lejuez: Great. Thank you guys, good luck.
Ernie L. Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Bob Drbul [Nomura]. Your line is open.
Robert Drbul: Hi. Just a couple of quick questions. On the wage investments are you seeing a tighter labor market or are you having any challenge with the growth getting to right people into the stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all. If anything, we think were attracting really traffic people. Its so important to understand our culture too and thats what really keeps our turnover pretty low and keeps people here year-after-year. Were actually going to be soon hitting a 40-year anniversary of our first off prior store.
Robert Drbul: Great. And then just couple of questions on the e-commerce side. In terms of the expansion of brands with be offering there. Are you having luck taking your current brands or in the stores and expanding them online, are you getting that opportunity. Can you just talk about like success that youre having with categories or success that you expect to have as you add new categories online?
Scott Goldenberg: So Bob we can talk about, yes weve been opening up more and more of current brick-and-mortar vendors onto the website. We dont want to give specific names there, but thats kind of an open book, you can shop the website and youll see them. Additionally, I would tell you without giving information specifically on how our category is doing. And I think weve talked about it before weve added new categories throughout the last six to nine months on the website and we are pleased with the way the new categories are performing. So thats something you will see us continuing to do, but nothing jumps up by the way, its all kind of in proportion to the business, if you look at each category thats on there they are all performing relatively similar in terms of the total, but we do look to continuing to offer more brands there.
Robert Drbul: Great. And just like it sounds like the inventory buying environment is pretty good for you guys I dont know if you could just maybe give us the last time you saw environment like this in terms of your availability and the deals that youre able to buy and seeing?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Im going to tell first of all, there isnt a year that Ernie is not like making the guide stay home. So its very plentiful now but every single year, we never have a shortage of finding merchandise that we love. So it just a matter of the magnitude of it, its plentiful today. But again its not - weve always had to manage our open to buy globally, its an ongoing process.
Robert Drbul: Okay. Thank you very much. Carol congratulations and Ernie best of luck, congratulations to you.
Ernie L. Herrman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from Brian Tunick [RBC Capital]. Your line is open.
Brian Tunick: Thanks I'll add my congrats as well. I guess weve talked about that secular shift away from the department stores, I guess now its resulting in I guess new off-price competition for you. How, I guess do you guys or your buyers maybe think about the new off-price entrance and have the vendors are going to deal with that? And then secondly what are you seeing on the real estate availability side or on the rent side as you look to sign these leases for 2016? Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all, there is always competition in the world. We were just talking the other day and Ernie said, you remember [Low Men's] (Ph) and how many off-price stores there were out there. Our job is to be innovative, to be ahead of it. We've built a machine with the number of stores we have I mean 3,600 stores the vendor relationships, the cloud, the global leveraging, is all what makes TJX what it is, weve been doing this for almost 40-years. So there is always competition and our job is to be outrageous value every day and have a very unique eclectic mix and thats what we strive for. We dont harp on we move forward, we dont harp on the competition, we like competition, we like when we are next two, I wont name certain stores, but were fine with it, it brings traffic and our job is to do a better job. In terms of real estate, were excited, because weve opened more countries and Ernie is always balancing how much to do in Europe, how much to do in the United States, but well update you on a store count next year, but today its business as usual.
Operator: Next question, maam?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Do we have another question?
Operator: Yes. So next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the questions around Europe. How is the home penetration in Europe and how is that business done? And I guess following on that are there any updated thoughts on potentially open in a new concept in there to focus on that?
Carol Meyrowitz: You mean expand our concept?
Lorraine Hutchinson: Right. Sorry expand your existing
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes [indiscernible] Ernie.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. So Lorraine the home business has been very strong there and what Carol is just joking about is you know we have HomeSense there, which has been expanding sporadically I would say or cautiously weve been expanding. But now were going on really a pretty long stretch here, strong home business and I would tell you it has grown in percent for the total there. We cant give you that number, but we can tell you it has grown and we are looking to continue to expand that business and that banner and its healthy in TK as well. So our home business is very healthy in Europe and we look at that further as an opportunity.
Lorraine Hutchinson: And sorry I was referring to new market specifically, are there plans to open the HomeSense into some of the new countries that youve entered?
Carol Meyrowitz: We will eventually, yes. Lorraine I think the thing - what Ernie is doing right now is building the buying group and the team to get a strong foundation, but certainly thats not in our store count, but we certainly see it is.
Ernie L. Herrman: We see that as an opportunity for sure.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti [UBS]. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys good morning and congrats on a nice quarter. I know we asked this, there is a few questions on AUR and strategy here and youve mentioned that it starts to flatten as we get into it the early in the year. But given that its sluggish industry backdrop and sales loaded inventory levels were seeing across the space. Would you guys thinking other strategic decision to lower AURs again in 2016 to maintain that relative price gap as the soft line competitors. Do you say more promotional or is your view late in the year that it flattens out, is that an expression of your opinion that this is temporary for area like the department stores and that they will be back to normally AURs and will be relative value next year?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think its a combination of mix and also the level of brands. I mean we are getting outrageous deals from a lot of better brands. So were pretty comfortable with going into the second quarter. We will always keep the right distance between us and everyone it may be, yes we will be at the right value, but I think we're pretty clear in what we see going forward.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, and because of the open to buy position we're in, whatever happens around us and I think Carol is saying the same things as we can adapt, our buyers will really decide closer in, because we have so much open to buy that we buy so close to me, which is part of our model on flexibility we've talked about that we'll be able to adapt to whatever is going on retail around us. There is a little bit of a lag, but for the most part we will adjust based on that.
Michael Binetti: And then your traffic trends in this backdrop suggests that you're gaining share and accelerating pace, and you pointed to some solid trends with new customer acquisition. Could you talk a little bit about what difference you're seeing in the mix of demographics and new customers, compared to the newly recruited customers a few years ago. A few years ago there was a lot of commentary on being more relevant with budget strap millennials coming out of recession, I'm curious what kind of customers are entering the franchise today.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we're getting the younger customers. We absolutely are, even in our HomeGoods is even getting younger customer, and they're targeting it, we want to get them young and we want to keep them, but we're keeping our -- again we've such a wide demographic of all the customers and younger, but our newer customers are tending to be younger.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Marni Shapiro [The Retail Tracker]. Your line is open.
Marni Shapiro: Hey guys congratulations and congratulations Ernie and Carol, so, when you retire [indiscernible] I think you would much better than that currently we have out there?
Carol Meyrowitz: I don't want to be President but [indiscernible].
Marni Shapiro: On wages, I just wanted to follow-up on the wages, along with raising the wages, first of all are you doing this globally, are you doing this also at the manager, assistant manager and regional manager level. And at the same time are you shifting to more full-time employment versus part-time employment, if you could just give a little more insight there?
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean basically we're raising the average pay, we look at it across the board, everything that Scott gave you in terms of the number is inclusive and it's inclusive of what we've done globally. So, A, we've buy the by the laws, but B, we felt it was the right thing to do and our goal is to retain people and to build to our culture. We look at everything in the long-term and we want people to come into work here and be happy everyday and work harder at TJX. So, I think we're building the right environment and I think we're doing all the right things for the future.
Marni Shapiro: Are you shifting to have more full-time people - employers or that's not part of the strategy?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, pretty much the way we're today, we haven't really changed this.
Scott Goldenberg: In the last couple of years, it's been pretty steady.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right.
Marni Shapiro: Thats fantastic. Great guys, best of luck for the holidays.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Ernie L. Herrman: Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well I want to thank everyone and have a great holiday and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and have a great one and thank you Melissa.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-08-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Deb McConnell - Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer Ernie Herrman - President
Analysts: Matt Boss - JPMorgan Michael Binetti - UBS Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Oliver Chen - Cowen & Company Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Drbul - Nomura Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research Partners Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company Patrick Mckeever - MKM Partners Pamela Quintiliano - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference call is being recorded on Tuesday, August 18, 2015. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Melissa. And before I begin, Deb is back and we are happy to have her back if she has a few words.
Deb McConnell: Thank you, Carol. Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2015. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I will turn it back over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Joining me Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. I will begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our second quarter results and continued strong momentum. On an adjusted basis earnings per share increased 7% above last year which well exceeded our plan. Consolidated comp store sales grew 6% all well above our expectations and over a 3% increase last year. The comp was driven entirely by customer traffic. This marks the third consecutive quarter, the traffic was primary driver and the fifth consecutive quarter that we have seen a sequential improvement in customer traffic. At Marmaxx, we continued our strategy of adjusting our pricing and merchandise mix to offer consumers the best assortment and values in the marketplace. While this led to a lower average ticket, our strategy is clearly working as we saw enormous increases in traffic and units sold. Importantly, we were very pleased with the increase in Marmaxxs merchandise margin despite the lower average ticket. We plan to continue the strategy in the back half and are convinced that this near-term decision will benefit our business in the medium and long-term by driving traffic and market gain shares. In terms of our other businesses, it was great to see HomeGoods and our International divisions making such significant contributions to our consolidated comp performance as we continue to expand both our U.S. and international presence. This bodes extremely well for our future growth. We are proud of our strong sales, traffic increases and merchandise margins, which are fundamental to being a successful retail business. We entered the back half of the year in an excellent inventory position with many new exciting opportunities. The third quarter is off to a solid start and our focus remains on continuing to drive customer traffic at all divisions. We are confident we will achieve our goals. And as always, we will strive to surpass them. Going forward, we see many opportunities to capitalize on our U.S. and international presence as we continue on the road to becoming a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So, before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 6% well above our plan. I would like to remind you that our comp sales exclude e-commerce. Again, we are very pleased that our comps were entirely driven by customer traffic and was up significantly at each of our divisions. It was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. I want to note that the decrease in average ticket was as we had planned it and was essentially in line with the first quarter. To underscore Carols point, we are confident that our strategies are helping us to grow our customer base. Diluted earnings per share were $0.80 a 7% increase over last years adjusted $0.75 and well above our plan. Our second quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by about 5% due to the combination of foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, our wage initiative, incremental investments and pension costs. I should note that the negative impact from foreign exchange was less than we expected. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12%, down 30 basis points versus the prior years adjusted margin and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 29.1%, up 50 basis points versus last year, primarily due to a strong buying and occupancy leverage on the 6% comp. Overall, merchandise margins were flat despite a negative impact from transactional foreign exchange at our international divisions and increased cost associated with moving more units through our supply chain. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales, was 16.9%, up 70 basis points versus last years ratio and better than we planned. This increase was primarily due to a combination of our wage initiative, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs as we had anticipated, as well as a contribution to the TJX Foundation.  At the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were up 4% on a constant currency basis. We are set up extremely well to flow fresh goods to our stores throughout the back half of the year. In terms of share repurchases, during the second quarter, we bought back $440 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.6 million shares. For the first half of the year, we have retired 12.7 million shares, buying back $855 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.8 million to $1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I will recap our third quarter and full year fiscal 16 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our growth strategy, I will share some additional color on our second quarter performance by division. In the U.S., Marmaxx comps grew by strong 4% and it was terrific to see that this increase was entirely driven by customer traffic, while segment profit margin was down 40 basis points, margins were negatively impacted by our investments in our associates, as well as the lower average ticket and higher supply chain costs as we had anticipated. Importantly, we were very pleased with our increase in merchandise margins. To reiterate, we are convinced that adjusting our pricing and mix is the right thing to do for our business and our substantial increases in traffic and units tell us that our strategies are working. I should also note that by next year we expect the impact of the lower average ticket to be largely behind us. To be clear, maintaining our value gap is what we always aim to do in our business. Unlike many other retailers, our ability to change our mix as well as the values we offer to suit our customers needs highlights the flexibility and beauty of our model. We can do this around the world. Marmaxxs apparel business performed well in the second quarter and Home also continued its excellent performance. We are excited about the comp and traffic momentum at our largest divisions and have many initiatives planned to keep it going. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps were up 9% for the second quarter in a row, over 5% increase last year. Segment profit margin increased 30 basis points. HomeGoods continues to deliver consistently strong comp results across all geographies, which bodes well for our growth plans. We are thrilled about the long-term potential of this chain. Consumers love HomeGoods. Now, moving to our international division, TJX Canada delivered another exceptional comp, posting a 12% increase this quarter. All three of our Canadian chains had stellar comp performance. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 10 basis points. Again this quarter, TJXs profit margin was negatively impacted by the year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar and the effect on this divisions merchandise margins. Once again, our Canadian organization did an outstanding job mitigating this currency impact even more than we had hoped as they truly leveraged our global organization. TJX Europe comp grew up a strong 5% over a 6% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 30 basis points. We are pleased with the initial performance of our first two stores in Austria and are on track to open our first two stores in the Netherlands this fall. We are excited to enter our sixth European country and bring our great values to even more shoppers as we expand our global footprint. As to e-commerce, we continue to be very pleased with our online strategy. We plan to keep adding new categories and vendors to each of our e-com sites and offer our online shoppers a greater selection of fashions and brands at great value. Although tjmaxx.com is still a young business and a small part of TJX, we are very happy with our early metric. Importantly, the site is bringing in new customers. We are very excited about the future of e-commerce. In addition, we look forward to opening our first Sierra Trading store on the East Coast in the back half. Now I want to briefly recap our four pillars for growth which gives us confidence that we will sustain profitable growth for many years to come. Starting with driving customer traffic and comp sales, we are delighted that our strategies to increase customer transactions continue to take hold. We remain focused on continuing to grow our customer base and capturing more U.S. and international market share. To reach even more consumers, we are leveraging our global marketing capabilities. I am very excited about the fall and holiday campaigns we have planned for the back half of the year at all positions and I am confident we will attract new shoppers to our stores. To encourage more frequent visits and cross shopping, we continue to grow our loyalty programs in the U.S., Canada and UK. Further, we strive to keep improving the shopping experience and increase customer satisfaction every day. Our second pillar is our enormous brick-and-mortar global potential. With over 3,450 stores today, we see the opportunity to grow to 5,475 stores long-term with just our existing chains in our existing countries and the Netherlands. This includes 1,500 additional stores in North America and another 500 plus stores in Europe. Last month, we were excited to announce our plan to enter our next continent, Australia which I will talk about in a moment. Our next pillar is e-commerce expansion. Again, we are very pleased with our progress and excited about the future. We are making additional investments in our e-commerce supply chain and organization to support this important growth vehicle and our plan to eventually roll out e-commerce for other retail brands. As you have heard me say before, we are being very deliberate in our approach so that our online sales are incremental to our successful brick-and-mortar business. I truly believe we are leaders in innovation, which is our fourth pillar. We are constantly testing ideas and new seeds across each of our divisions that can lead to new categories or initiatives that could fuel future growth. Innovation is in our DNA and we will never be complacent. To support our growth goals and build upon our leadership position, we will continue to invest in our business. Our approach is to invest ahead of growth in the right areas of our business and to establish a strong foundation to support future needs. Now, to why we are so excited about our plans to acquire Trade Secret and expand into our ninth country, Australia. Our planned acquisition of Trade Secret fits right into our clear vision for continued global growth. We look forward to closing the transaction by the end of the calendar year and growing this business in the future. Trade Secret is the only off-price retailer of significant size in Australia. And it gives us immediate scale and first mover advantage in our third continent. With our Australian buying office in its fifth year, we are familiar with the market and see it very attractive for off-price. With consumer demographics similar to Canada, we see the potential to grow in Australia in a similar way to acquiring winners as a five-store chain in 1990 and growing it into a leading retailer in Canada. There is a strong middle class in Australia and consumers hungry for brands who have very few options for value. Trade Secret business is closely aligned with ours and we view it as a great cultural fit with TJX. We see the potential to further develop Trade Secret by leveraging our global buying scale, vendor universe, marketing, supply chain and other capabilities. Also, with Australias season being opposite to the Northern Hemisphere, this presents us with a nice packaway opportunity, an ability to test new ideas. Our planned expansion into Australia is the newest example of our global reach. But before I sum up, I want to spend a moment on why we see our ability to capitalize on our global presence as such a key advantage. TJX is the only major international off-price apparel and home fashion company in the world. Over the last 38 years, we have built a global off-price powerhouse that we are sure would take decades for others to replicate. We are one of the few major U.S. retailers to have expanded successfully internationally. We have developed a highly integrated organization and infrastructure to support our off-price model. Our four large divisions and seven retail chains are highly synergistic. They all operate with our off-price business model and are centered on our value mission and same TJX culture. We function as one TJX. This is true across our worldwide buying organization, supply chain network and global operating teams including marketing, training and procurement. Further, we measure our success across our chains on the same metric. Being as highly integrated and synergistic as we are we share talent, ideas and initiatives across our chains. All of this gives us tremendous confidence in our ability to continue growing successfully as a global value retailer. In summing up, we are thrilled with our above-plan results and continued track momentum. As our core is off to a solid start, we are confident in our plan for the back half of the year. And as always, we are motivated to surpass them. We have many initiatives planned to keep our momentum going, attract more shoppers to our stores and gain market share. We will continue to offer customers amazing values on a differentiated mix of apparel and home fashion. Every year, we up our game in gift-giving and this year is no exception. We have many initiatives planned and I believe our stores will be more exciting than ever across the board. We are delighted about our plan to enter Australia and expand our global presence even further. Most importantly, as a nearly $30 billion retailer we have a clear vision and strategy for growth. We are a differentiated apparel and home fashion business with a laser-focused management team. We have built a world-class organization and I am proud of our team and very strong corporate culture. We are confident that we have the talent and infrastructure in place to grow TJX to a $40 billion company and beyond. And now, I will turn it over to Scott to go through guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal 16 guidance beginning with Q3, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.82 versus last years $0.85 per share. This guidance assumes an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 8% due to foreign currency and transactional foreign exchange, which has doubled what we originally planned due to the continued decline in the Canadian dollar. Our plans also continue to reflect the 5% negative impact to EPS due to our wage initiative, incremental investments to support our growth and pension cost. I want to note this guidance also reflects our plans for a lower average ticket at Marmaxx as Carol mentioned, as well as the related costs associated with moving additional units to our supply chain that were not contemplated in our original plans. We are modeling third quarter consolidated sales in the $7.6 billion to $7.7 billion range. This guidance assumes a 3% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. With our strong momentum in the first half of the year, we are raising our comp store sales growth guidance for the third quarter. We are now assuming comp growth in the 2% to 3% range both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx versus our original plan of 1% to 2% growth. Third quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned an 11.4% to 11.6% range versus 13.0% last year. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.7% versus 29.4% last year. This assumes foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain costs. Despite these headwinds, we expect underlying merchandise margins to remain healthy. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.9% to 17.0% range versus 16.2% last year, primarily due to our wage initiative, as well as our incremental investments. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.5% and net interest expense of about $12 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $680 million. Now, moving on to full year guidance, as we noted in our press release today, we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.01 on the high end. We now expect fiscal 16 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.24 to $3.28 over $3.15 in fiscal 15. Excluding last years debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 16 expected EPS would be in the 3% to 4% over the prior years adjusted $3.16. This EPS raise reflects the incremental benefit from our strong second quarter and our raised assumption for second half comp growth. This is being largely offset by expected additional foreign exchange headwinds and higher supply chain costs for the back half of the year. As a reminder, our plans reflect the impact of several items detailed in our press release that we are assuming will negatively impact our fiscal 16 EPS growth by about 9%. We are also increasing our full year comp store sales guidance to reflect our strong second quarter results and raise expectations for the back half. We now expect a comp increase of 3% to 4% on a consolidated basis and a comp increase of 3% at Marmaxx. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margin to be 11.7% versus last years adjusted 12.3% in fiscal 15. We are anticipating gross profit margin to be approximately 28.5%, which would be flat versus fiscal 15. We are planning for a slight increase in merchandise margins. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.7% versus 16.1% last year. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS of $0.96 to $0.98 compared to $0.93 last year. This guidance also reflects our raised assumption for fourth quarter consolidated comp sales growth of 2% to 3%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, its important to remember our guidance for the remainder of this year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the third quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Boss. Your line is open.
Matt Boss: So, despite the FX and some of the wage pressures that the underlying margins are going through today, I mean, we are seeing stability, merchandise margins remain positive excluding the FX. So, if multiyear same-store sales were to remain in this 2% to 3% range or maybe even better, are there any structural headwinds to prevent your margins from exceeding last years peak once some of these headwinds normalize on a multiyear basis?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, our merchandise margins, again, if you are just talking straight merchandise margins, Matt, you have to be a little bit clearer, because obviously, FX change...
Matt Boss: I was talking about your overall EBIT margins, if once the FX and the wage pressures subside, how to think about on the multiyear basis, is there any structural headwind from exceeding prior peaks if you are able to continue to put up two to three type same-store sales?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I mean, we have said, every year, we try to increase our margins, but we are not going to sit here and say years from now, our margin is going to go up X percent. We run our business very well. Obviously, the future is without FX hitting us, pension, other elements should be positive. Our average retail is starting to flatten out as of next year. So, we see some of those negative things obviously turning into a positive, but we run our business everyday on the best value we can give the consumer and we always strive to increase our margins and leverage our business.
Matt Boss: Great. And then just one quick follow-up, as we think about Europe, can you just talk to some learnings and customer reception as you expand into some of these new countries? Are you seeing any new brand relationships and then just the best way to think about square footage expansion opportunities in the coming years?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I mean, we go into countries and we build brands and we are constantly increasing our number of vendors in every single country. I think what we have learned prior to going into Germany is to really investigate country for a long period of time before we go in. So, you tread lightly, you are camping, you really understand the mix of the customer, and every single country is very, very different. So, you have to take a long time to study each country before you go in. So, we have lots of learnings. And now we have obviously expanded into many new countries a little bit quicker, but we did a lot of homework before.
Matt Boss: Thats great. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: The next question you have comes from Michael Binetti. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. If I could just ask on the comment that you expect lower  the impact of lower average ticket to be behind you, I think those as of next year, maybe just a little more color on that, what you are thinking there if it take its plan to be flat or up? And it looks like right now, every point of revenue or comp upside you are getting to is coming with quite a bit of additional supply chain cost. So if I try to put a few of those pieces together, its likely because its coming from the composition of growth being from units while pricing is lower. Can we assume that the leverage point next year has a little less headwind if the ticket declines a bit?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, you can absolutely assume that.
Michael Binetti: Okay.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean, we are constantly moving on mix, I mean, thats the beauty of the model that we look at every single category. Its within the category that we will look. Its looking at where we want to put our dollars. So every year, we look at where we can improve and how we can give the best value to the customer. I think we are just very, very excited about the increase in traffic. And that continues over many, many quarters. So, we feel like we are really  this is the right strategy for us.
Michael Binetti: Right. So, if I could just add one quick follow-up, given all the headwinds that we know about investments, the minimum wages and the FX and then adding in some of the comments you just made there, what is the flow-through rate on a point of comp now and did those headwinds  how do those headwinds kind of hand off into 2016, its another year of EPS growth below the 11% to 12% we saw the last two years?
Scott Goldenberg: Well, once you have set your plans like right now of just when we gave guidance for the second quarter, we built in the average ticket. I mean, we hit the cost that we had for the average ticket, the supply chain costs we are right on. For the third and fourth quarter, now that we have built that incremental cost on for every additional comp that we would get. Per quarter, its approximately $0.02 and we would get a flow-through of about 20 basis points to the pre-tax margin on that. And thats generally been there. So, once you have absorbed these  put these costs in, we will still get the benefit. The average ticket was because you had to put it across all of the units on an incremental basis, we would flow through close to what we would always have flown through. In terms of the wage and all that, again, all the incremental investments have come in both for the first half of the year as we had planned and we have no fundamental changes on incremental investments. And the only thing we are aware of right now going forward is the wage initiative, the wage costs. Other than that, as Carol mentioned, FX is too early to make a call whether it will have a positive or negative impact on next year.
Michael Binetti: Thanks, guys. Great quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. Your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great, thank you. Really excellent results today. Congratulations on that. Carol, it sounds like at Marmaxx, you have done a little bit of some sort of a strategic analysis of the marketplace. And I am wondering if you can just give us a little bit more background on what it was that you were seeing in your business that caused you to look at the pricing and the mix within Marmaxx division in order to drive those changes, what were the observations that you had about the marketplace in general and maybe just take us through the decision process to take down the AUR and how did that change the buying process internally? Thanks so much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, I can answer that by saying its really business as usual. Ernie, the team, we all look at why, what we can improve upon, look at the mix we shifted, I mean this is our model. So there is no great surprise here. This is how we do business. We look at the market and then we trend the business where we want to go after it. And we have one mission, give extreme value. So the team pulled together and I think we made some great decisions. But we always look at opportunities. We see more opportunities for next year, thats how we look at our business.
Kimberly Greenberger: So opportunities for next year to offer even more value, but that wouldnt necessarily be through a lower AUR, Carol is that right?
Carol Meyrowitz: Probably not, we will probably start to flatten out maybe a little bit into the first quarter and then flatten out.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. And then just one clarification for Scott, Scott I think you said about the 70 basis points to 80 basis point headwind to SG&A in the third quarter guidance on increased wages and investments, I assume pensions in there as well, but is there a way for us to think about the 70 basis points to 80 basis points, is that sort of half of that is wages, the other half investments or is it kind of weighted towards one or the other?
Scott Goldenberg: I think you are  again, its approximately half of that. It would be the wages and the rest would be the incremental investments that we called out in the new country expansion, the incremental PCI costs. So yes, thats exactly right in terms of the SG&A. So, no changes to the back half in the SG&A other than the change in the additional supply chain costs.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Great quarter, my question is on the AUR and ticket as well, should we think about the change in the strategy, a little bit slight change in the strategy and the business model allowing flexibilities, is it more that you are procuring the same types of goods and being able to sell them at a lower price with a higher turn or are you trading down a little bit in terms of the brands or the premium price points the products you are selling or its  maybe its a little bit more clarity on how the mix is shifting and what the strategy is there and whats working? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: So Omar, I mean Ernie, you want to talk about them?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Omar its kind a combination of multiple things, first a little bit of pockets where we did buy better on specific items, thats just one piece though. We have had a shift of because some departments trend differently, so we have had a shift in department, I mean mix of departments within the total. And then really, the last part is the balancing the mix is within the departments, within the actual departments. So we could have changed from one vendor to another vendor, not necessarily bought it better. So I would tell you its not one issue at a time, its all of those things.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other piece that we havent really talked about is the more we become global, our choices and our mix is from all over the world. So we are able to really leverage buying in Europe using the dollar appropriately where we need to, but we get much more eclectic and much more differentiated. So all of those elements are pulled together in our mix and we are very, very integrated as a total company today and every year we get better and better at that. And we get better and better leveraging it.
Omar Saad: So thats really helpful. And so I dont understand, its not that you are selling for lack of a better word, lower brands or lower quality products at lower prices these other?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all, as a matter of fact we have some European goods that everybody was onboard with that are just spectacular. And we are going to be hopefully blowing everybody away with our gift-giving because we really have gift-giving from around the world. Its an international offering this year that we are just so excited about, its a fine business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Baker. Your line is open.
Mike Baker: Hi. Thanks. So department store inventories looked really high at the end of the second quarter, they are high at the end of the first quarter as well, but even higher now, how do you think that impacts your business going forward, does that put pressure on merchandise margins as they may get more promotional, does that play into your strategy you are discussing today or in some ways does it help you because there might be more products available in the marketplace, so I was just wondering what you have seen in the past where department store inventories are elevated?
Carol Meyrowitz: Mike, I am going to answer this question in the way I always answer it and that is there is  we could never ever buy the quantity of goods that are out there and that every single week, we have to hold our people back. That has never changed and it never will change. Secondly, we will always keep our distance from where the departments are and our values. That is the beauty of the model. Its the beauty of the business, the beauty of the flexibility. So its every year something happens whether they have more inventory, less inventory, it really doesnt matter, we just have to give outrageous value.
Mike Baker: So, is that in some ways play into the strategy you are talking about today to be a little bit choppier because you expect that department stores are going to need to get promotional in the back half?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not really, we are just offering we think is absolute, its a combination of the mix, what we are offering the customer which is really absolutely wonderful and in some places thats not its European, its special, its brands, its everything.
Scott Goldenberg: Mike, I would also jump in and say and Carol referred to this earlier, is the model kind of works this out for us and that if the market gets promotional or if things start to back up with inventories at the other stores, it leads us to automatically ending up at better value. It might be a delay of a few weeks, but pretty much we end up with better value, only because of the supply situation in the market. So I think when Carol said earlier, that thats kind of just the way we work it, thats kind of a plus for this as well.
Carol Meyrowitz: Effectively by hundreds of millions of dollars every week, every single week.
Mike Baker: Yes, thank you. I appreciate the color on the business model.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning, do you continue to see an opportunity of goods coming out of last year and early this year as ports slowdown. And has the composition of your packaway inventory changed at all versus this time last year?
Scott Goldenberg: Lorraine, I would say that the port situation  how do I put this without getting specific, I mean there is always stragglers I would call it, of merchandise that were stuck in the ports. In terms of the magnitude relative to our business, I would say not that big, but certainly, there has been some buys that were basic on that even recently. And youre your  your second question again could you ask that, was that about the packaways?
Lorraine Hutchinson: Right. The composition of your packaway inventory changed at all versus this time last year?
Scott Goldenberg: No, not really. And its just slightly up from where it was last year, but effectively the composition is very similar.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Howard Tubin. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, yes. This is actually [indiscernible] calling for Howard. Could you please just elaborate a little bit on your marketing initiatives or plans for the upcoming fall season?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, I think I am not going to elaborate where our spend is slightly up. We have some new campaigns that are going to be very, very exciting. We have new social media. We are still hitting on all cylinders. So its going to be very exciting. And our tri-branding and our gift-giving is going to be pretty big this year. More importantly, we are really starting to leverage our marketing across, again across all of our countries so that we can really take the best of the best and leverage it. So we are pretty excited about the back half.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Oliver Chen. Your line is open.
Oliver Chen: Hey, thanks. Congratulations and Debra welcome back. Carol, regarding the strategy, it sounds quite prudent about the ticket strategy in terms of gaining share. I am just curious in terms of your customers and shoppers do the shoppers kind of notice this change, like how is it being telegraphed? Clearly, it sounds like its working. And your comments on just the gifts sound really exciting, whats the main takeaway in terms of year-over-year difference whether it be pricing or timing of the drops?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Oliver, we dont telegraph our pricing, the customer walks in and clearly they like it, because our units are up. Thats really the answer to that, that they are very excited about it. In terms of our gift giving, every single year, we strive to be better and I keep coming back to the word global, because when you have access to so many countries and you can see even food from different countries, it becomes very, very special. And every year, we look at what we did the year before and we look at how we can do that even better. And this is the continuation of building the foundation of the total corporation, years of training, years of working together. The communication between all the divisions is the strongest its ever been. And that really leads to a very, very exciting mix for all countries. And thats how we just  every year, we raised the bar that way.
Oliver Chen: That sounds awesome. And just a quick follow-up on the modeling, Scott, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the number of units whether previously in your original plans. Is that just related to your revised outlook on your comps or I was wondering about the context for that statement?
Scott Goldenberg: That was in the context that the supply chain impact was not reflected in the third and fourth quarter or back half in the gross margin and lesser extent in the SG&A. So, now its reflected. It was not reflected in the previous guidance. And talking about just previous guidance, I havent updated the full year guidance. So, I am just going to take a moment now to go through the full year updated guidance by division. Marmaxx comps are three, at the low and the high. The segment margin and all the numbers I am going to be going through right now, excluding FX impact, are 14.0% to 14.1% versus last years 14.6% on a sales volume of $19.7 billion to $19.8 billion. HomeGoods post  now the comp is 5% to 6%. Segment margin is 13.5% to 13.6% versus last years 13.6% on volume of $3.8 billion; Canada, 6% to 7% comp, 13% to 13.1%, again, this is ex-FX versus 13.5% last year and down 50 to down 40, so quite a bit of a change on both in increasing comp and improvement in the segment margin from the last time on Canada on $2.8 billion in sales; and Europe, 3% to 4%, 7.7% to 7.8% on segment margin, again, ex-FX against last years 8% down 30% to down 20%. And as we called out in the call, 40 basis points down ex-FX similar to our last guidance that we gave at the end of the last second quarter.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Thats really helpful for our models. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Richard Jaffe. Your line is open.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much and my compliments on the quarter. If you could just talk for a minute about e-commerce, the size or the volume thats involved with e-commerce and how its broken up by country and possibly by brand? And then if you could just share with us the Sierra Trading location on the East Coast, that would be helpful?
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Rich, I will answer your last question, because I am not going to answer your first one. Sierra Trading is going to be in Burlington, Vermont and we are pretty excited about it. Our e-commerce business, we havent broken it out, I can tell you that we are gaining new customers. We have still a lot of steps to look at, but we believe that the differentiation strategy is working well and we are very pleased with what we are seeing. And as you can see, our comps do not include e-commerce, but we believe slow and steady wins the raise and we continue to learn a lot, but we are very pleased.
Richard Jaffe: Carol, if you could just clarify, are new customers new to TJX or new to your e-commerce site?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Richard Jaffe: New to TJX?
Carol Meyrowitz: TJX, yes.
Richard Jaffe: And the technology, credit card data etcetera to confirm that?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Richard Jaffe: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from Bob Drbul. Your line is open.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. Congratulations.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Bob Drbul: Couple of questions. For the back half of the year, can you talk about how you are positioned on like boots and jackets and some of the colder weather categories and what you are seeing from that perspective, vendors?
Carol Meyrowitz: Bob, we dont specifically talk about specific categories. Again, I am going to come back to the business model, because a lot of you have asked about even our average ticket. You have to come back to remembering how close to needs, we buy. So, when we laid out the second quarter and our average ticket, we are buying so close that you cant plan everything. We are making assumptions, but thats again the beauty of the model. So, we dont specifically comment, because if a category isnt hot, we are going to switch. And if it is, we are going to go for it, but we think we have a very good insight to what we think is going to drive the back half and we are excited about it.
Bob Drbul: Okay. And then couple other quick questions are there any regional comp callouts that you would make either in HomeGoods or in Marmaxx?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, its pretty strong across the board. Puerto Rico was slightly weak.
Bob Drbul: And question for Scott, on the expense side, are you seeing anything in healthcare costs that are influencing you or concerns as we look forward?
Scott Goldenberg: Our costs per healthcare have been pretty much in line with our plans. So, we built whatever increases that we do that were legislative, but no very much in line.
Bob Drbul: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey. Your line is open.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone and congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about the remodeled store format? What you are seeing and any change in terms of size of box and availability? We keep hearing of more locations available, both urban and more suburban. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Dana, we like what we see with our remodels. As far as real estate availability, whats probably the most exciting is the number of countries that we have to choose from. So, we did, I mean, what was 182 stores
Scott Goldenberg: 182. Yes, roughly as we will come in this year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. And you see some opportunity in Europe.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, we think Europe, especially, Dana given the other countries that we are going into as well as in the current  like in Germany we feel like there is more opportunity to do more stores over the next couple of years. So, we are pretty bullish there. We are filling domestically. We will continue to probably be about where we have been on the store count. And in terms of I think you also asked about size of box. We are not seeing any major change there. I think we take that location by location. So, we do adjust as we go into more stores, we do adjust based on the location the size of the box, but there is no current plan to really play with that in a major way. So, hopefully that answers that question.
Carol Meyrowitz: Dana, what is interesting is I am sure some of you are out in the Hampton, so we have a HomeGoods there thats 13,000 square feet, which is doing extremely well. So, we are finding smaller boxes and bigger boxes all work for us. We are still planning to continue our 4% to 5% store growth and take every opportunity. And now that obviously we are in more countries, we are going to take every deal that makes sense, but we have more to choose from, which is very exciting to us.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jeff Stein. Your line is open.
Jeff Stein: Question for Scott, general corporate expense was up almost $30 million in the second quarter and I am wondering Scott, if you can give us some guidance in terms of what we should expect for Q3 and Q4. Also perhaps, maybe drill down a little bit in terms of what accounted for the $30 million increase I assume that wages are not baked into that number and also perhaps how much your contribution was to The TJX Foundation? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Approximately half was due to the contribution to the foundation, so that made up the largest component of it. And then the other components were some of them related to our incremental investment costs, systems, pension, we have had better than planned incentive accruals. And so that made  those were the large categories that made up the rest and then some normal growth in the base corporate expense that you would expect. No large increases planned for the back half of the year in terms of corporate expense for either the third or the fourth quarter.
Jeff Stein: So if we were to assume Scott, maybe a normal inflation increase in the back half of the year for general corporate, that would be in the ballpark?
Scott Goldenberg: That would be in the ballpark, yes.
Jeff Stein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Daniel Hofkin. Your line is open.
Daniel Hofkin: Hi, good morning, congratulations on the results. I just had a question first on the wage expense, could you remind us are you still thinking about it as we look to next year for the overall impact to be greater year-over-year than it has been this year just given that you will have the full year effect of this years increase plus next years and then kind of looking beyond next year, what would we expect kind of a more normalized trajectory or flattening out?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So next year will definitely be up and the following year it will be less so and thats how we are planning it. But obviously, as I said before have other hopefully opportunities between pension and foreign exchange and ticket flattening out.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then Carol on merchandise margins, just obviously continuing to see underlying improvement, could you talk about whether some of the opportunities or whether some of the areas that can continue to drive that even though obviously inventory presumably is not going to be as big a driver its been in the last 7 years, 8 years, what are the things that you think can at least move it directionally higher over time from here?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think its just a continuation of leveraging and doing the best job we can. I mean, we try to plan fairly flat and then we try to beat it. But it all comes down to giving great value to the customer. But in our plans, we tend to be fairly flat.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, great. Best of luck. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Patrick McKeever. Your line is open.
Patrick Mckeever: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone  good afternoon I guess. But on the  another question on the wage increase, I mean you did see a sequential acceleration at Marmaxx in the quarter against a little bit of a tougher comparison than the first quarter, so my question is I mean do you feel like the wage increase had any impact on your sales in the quarter. And just more broadly, how are you measuring employee performance post the wage impact, are you looking  I am sure you are looking at turnover, I am wondering if you might be able to give us some color there or perhaps other performance metrics?
Carol Meyrowitz: We are seeing a slight positive in terms of turnover. I mean its early on and we will see what happens over time. But along with that is we just worked very, very hard on building our culture and being a company of choice. So it all comes together. We try to work very hard to train. As we have growth in the company, there is lots of opportunities for people and we try to make it an exciting place to work. So I cant tell you if our turnover is better because of that, because of wage, but I think its a combination of everything. We just strive to do a better job every year.
Patrick Mckeever: And then on Canada, also a sequential acceleration against a tougher comparison, meaningfully tougher, so what do you think there is, is some of that related to targets, pullout exit from Canada and what do you  I mean whats the expectation for the balance of the year?
Scott Goldenberg: I would say actually, less of that is about the target pulling out. Its a little bit of execution, I would say. And in certain categories, we did a better job of executing. And then we have also had the benefit of the  in reverse the weaker dollar has really helped the cross-border situation, less consumers in Canada are obviously crossing back to the U.S. and you might have a little bit of vice versa from U.S. going more to Canada. So I think thats been a piece that is actually helping our Canadian business. I would say the bulk of it though is better execution in terms of first of all they have done a great job on mitigating as much of the exchange situation as they can. I give our team up there a lot of credit for that. And secondly, they are going after really aggressively looking at the values of where they are versus all of the other retailers there. And that would have applied whether target was there are not. I think that team has done an outstanding job on that front. So I would say that is the bulk of the reason why the business has been so healthy there.
Patrick Mckeever: Great, good stuff. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Pam Quintiliano. Your line is open.
Pamela Quintiliano: Great. Thanks so much for taking questions and congrats on the great quarter. So I just have a few quick ones. I am sorry if I missed this, but the Labor Day calendar shift has had an impact of some others, but can you just talk through with us any potential impact you saw there?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not really. I mean we look at back-to-school, we just dip fresh merchandise everyday and we dont get caught up on a specific day. So we dont really see that having any impact.
Pamela Quintiliano: Great. And then just two other quick ones, can you update us on the rewards access program and how thats going. And also, you had mentioned a couple of times gaining a new customer. In the past you have updated us with some customer awareness figures, and I am just wondering if you have anything new on that front?
Carol Meyrowitz: We dont really have anything new. We just know that we are gaining customers and our rewards access program is definitely increasing.
Pamela Quintiliano: And along with the rewards access program increasing, I am assuming the credit card base as well is improving?
Carol Meyrowitz: Both are, yes.
Pamela Quintiliano: Great. Thank you so much. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Marni Shapiro. Your line is open.
Marni Shapiro: Hi guys, just under wire. Thanks so much. Congrats. Can you talk a little bit more about Trade Secret, if you wouldnt mind, they have about 30 plus stores, will you renovate them or do you like the footprint that they operate in today. And what does the footprint looks like relative to say a Marshalls or T.J. Maxx. And was the breakdown in the stores, is it close to what you see in your Marmaxx stores today or is it different?
Carol Meyrowitz: Now, I am just going to give you like a quick overview and then I am going to hand it over to Ernie to see whats just down there took that lovely trip. First of all, we are really excited about it. We are going to move slowly. So whenever we look at something, we say we are going to evaluate the name, we are going to evaluate, do we remodel. But the first priority is to make sure that we have a wonderful mix and we will do a lot of customer surveys and we will go slowly. So thats going to be our primary goal here initially. So, Ernie, you want to  he is really excited when he came back which I was very happy about.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. Marni, very exciting market for us, as you can imagine I think culturally its a pretty seamless entry for us. Carol mentioned earlier, by the way we have an Australian buying office thats been there for about 5 years. And so we already had some knowledge going in. The organization thats there with Trade Secret, the store format that you are asking about, we will definitely remodel some of them. I would tell you some of them dont need much remodeling, so its a bit of a mix. So, it will vary location by location and a bit by the different markets that they are in. And two of the major ones are obviously Sydney and Melbourne. So, we are going to kind of look at those as a strategy by market. The sizing of the boxes are very  they are probably the appropriate size actually given the size of their business and how much volume they do out of each box. I think we are going to look, obviously, step-by-step like how is it at the branding of it, etcetera, how we fold it more into the way we do business. But the number one priority, again to reiterate what Carol said is the merchandise mix, because thats still a place that we operate differently, more differently probably than they do currently, although they have done a very nice job on what they have done to-date. And so its been a great partnership already in terms of working together to see where we are going to take it from here and we are just excited about the opportunity.
Marni Shapiro: Great. Will the founders stay involved? It sounds like him talking to some friends there that they have a kind of young, fun, spirit about them, it sounds like the customers like that, are they going to stay involved?
Ernie Herrman: What we are going to do was for a time period. They will be a little involved in the current management, merchant team and operators are going to be involved on an ongoing basis, but really, over time, by the way, our intention is to keep it very, very young and vibrant. Its a growth business, the young business. So, we feel like we are at the right time and they have been terrific.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hey, Marni, we wont tell people are running it.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, we are not.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually, we have one of our top merchants from Canada going down, a team that Ernie is heading down there is spectacular, its going to report into our head of Europe, Michael MacMillan and there are some very young fabulous A players also going down and I think Ernie was very, very impressed with the team down there that was running the business. That is going to stay intact.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, theyre great and again very exciting. We will keep you guys posted over time.
Marni Shapiro: Great. Best of luck guys.
Ernie Herrman: Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, thanks everybody and we look forward to coming back to you on third quarter. Thank you. Thanks, Melissa.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-05-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director Doreen Thompson - Vice President-Corporate Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Courtney Willson - Cowen & Co. LLC Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC Jeff S. Stein - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to congratulate Deb McDonald (sic) [Deb McConnell], our Senior Vice President of Global Communications on her recent birth of her son. As Deb is on maternity leave, Doreen Thompson will start us off with some opening comments.
Doreen Thompson - Vice President-Corporate Communications: Thank you, Carol, and good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2015. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it back over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Doreen. Joining me and Doreen on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that I'm extremely pleased with our continued momentum and first quarter performance. Our terrific merchandise mix and great values are resonating with our consumers across all of our geographies. Earnings per share increased 8% above last year and well exceeded our plan. Consolidated comp store sales grew 5%, also well above our expectation. This marks our 25th consecutive quarter of consolidated comp store sales growth. It was great to see that similar to last quarter, the comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and we had a strong increase in units sold. We were also pleased to see a strong increase in our merchandise margins. Importantly, we achieved these results despite significant foreign currency headwinds and while simultaneously investing in our business to support our future growth. Our underlying business is very strong and I am confident that our momentum will continue. We enter the second quarter in excellent shape. Our values are better than ever and accolades for our in-store experience, which keeps improving. We attribute this in part to our motivated store associate base. We have many initiatives planned this year to drive traffic and keep our momentum going. With our above first quarter performance, we're raising our full year earnings per share and comp store sales guidance. Further, we are expecting to surpass $30 billion in sales this year. The second quarter is off to a very strong start and as always, our management team is passionate and striving to surpass our goal. We remain confident in the magnitude of our long-term global growth opportunities and that we have the right growth strategies in place to become a $40 billion plus global value retailer. So before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter numbers.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 5%, well above our plan. As a reminder, our comp sales exclude e-commerce. We were very pleased that our comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and that that traffic was up significantly at each of our divisions. As Carol mentioned, it was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. Diluted earnings per share were $0.69, an 8% increase over last year's $0.64, and also well above our plan. As we expected and detailed on our fourth quarter call, our first quarter EPS growth was negatively impacted by about 9% due to the combination of foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, incremental investments, employee payroll and pension costs. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 11.1%, down 20 basis points versus the prior year, and significantly better than we planned. Gross profit margin was 28.3%, up 40 basis points versus last year, primarily due to strong merchandise margin improvement, to a lesser extent buying and occupancy leverage on the 5% comp. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 17.0%, up 50 basis points versus last year's ratio primarily due to higher payroll cost, our incremental investments and pension cost as we had anticipated. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses, but excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 4% on a constant currency basis versus a 1% decline last year. In terms of share repurchases, during the first quarter, we bought back $415 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.1 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 20% in March, marking the 19th consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our second quarter and full year guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Scott. I'll cover our growth strategy and key strengths in a moment. But before that, I want to share some additional color on our first quarter performance by division. In the U.S., Marmaxx comps increased 3%. Similar to last quarter, comps were entirely driven by customer traffic. Segment profit margin was down 20 basis points. As a reminder, margins were negatively impacted by an increase in employee payroll and pension costs, which we laid out on our year-end call. Also during the quarter, we strategically brought our average ticket down in order to bring our customers even more amazing values. This led to additional supply chain cost as we had more items flowing through our distribution network. We were very pleased with the results as we saw a significant increase in units sold and a strong increase in Marmaxx's merchandise margins. During the quarter, we did a great job of delivering the right merchandise to the right stores at the right time. Marmaxx's apparel business performed well in the first quarter, and our missy sportswear and junior businesses were very strong, which we think bodes very well for the future. Further, home continued its excellent performance. We have many merchandise and marketing initiatives planned to continue driving sales and traffic as we focus on both our existing customers and reaching new ones. While T.J. Maxx and Marshalls are already nationally established brands, we believe we have significant market share to gain and are thrilled to see our retail brands becoming even more powerful and recognizable. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps were up 9% and segment profit margin increased 80 basis points. Customer response to our eclectic mix of home fashions from around the world continues to be terrific. HomeGoods just opened its 500th store and we could not be more excited about the long-term potential of this chain and the opening of its next 500 stores. Moving to our International divisions, TJX Canada delivered an excellent quarter. Comps increased 11% and adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 160 basis points. I want to point out that profit margin would have been even better without the significant negative impact that the year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar continued to have on this division's merchandise margins. However, we were very pleased that TJX Canada was able to mitigate this negative currency impact more than we had planned through focused efforts across the organization. We saw great performance across all our Canadian chains as our values continue to resonate with our shoppers. I just got back from Canada a few weeks ago and I can see why customers love us there. TJX Europe's comps were up 3% over a very strong 8% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 120 basis points. It's important to remember that Europe's result includes the impact of several of our investment initiatives, specifically costs associated with centralizing support areas of our business as well as building out our infrastructure in order to leverage the organization and support our European growth plans. Margins were also negatively affected  impacted by transactional FX. During the first quarter, we successfully opened our first two stores in Austria. We are delighted to now be offering our amazing values to shoppers in five European countries and expect to enter our sixth country, the Netherlands, sometime this fall. As to e-commerce, we are very pleased with the performance of tjmaxx.com. Our customers are loving our new home and plus size categories. At Sierra Trading Post, we are working to slightly accelerate their store growth. We now expect to open two new stores this year, one more than originally planned. This includes plans to open our first Northeast location. Now, I want to recap our four pillars for growth, which we believe will drive profitable sales for many years to come. Starting with driving customer traffic and comp sales. We see meaningful opportunities to gain market share and are actively pursuing new customers in all our geographics. We are convinced the power of our retail brands will help us get a bigger piece of the pie regardless of how big that pie is. We are leveraging our global marketing capabilities and taking a multi-layered approach to reach even more consumers through our television, radio and digital media advertising. Among our new customers, we are continuing to attract a higher percentage of millennial shoppers, which bodes well for the future. We are growing our loyalty programs in the U.S., Canada and U.K. to drive more frequent customer visits and encourage more cross-shopping across our chains. As always, we are working to make our stores better every day and we are on track with our store remodels. We are thrilled that our numerous in-store initiatives are making our stores a must-shop destination for both younger and older customers, and believe our marketing efforts will continue to make our retail brands more top of mind. Our goal is to keep raising the bar and the overall customer shopping experience. Our second pillar is our enormous brick-and-mortar global growth potential. With over 3,400 stores today, we see the opportunity to grow to 5,475 stores long-term with just our existing chains in our existing countries and the Netherlands. This would be more than 2,000 additional stores or almost 60% growth over our current base. In North America, we continue to see tremendous opportunities for store growth. We see the long-term potential to add over 1,500 new stores on top of our nearly 3,000 stores today. This does not even include the potential of rolling out Sierra Trading Post as the fourth U.S. chain. Our decades of operating experience and knowledge in both the U.S. and Canada underscore our confidence in our future store growth plans. In Europe, we remain the only major off-price brick-and-mortar retailer and still see enormous store growth opportunities. We believe TJX Europe has the potential to more than double its current store base long-term. This only includes the growth of our current chains and our current countries and the Netherlands. Beyond these markets, we believe our business model can work in any country where consumers love great fashion and brand at amazing values. Our next pillar is e-commerce expansion. We see online as an important driver of future growth and another way to reach additional shoppers with our value. We are adding categories and expanding our brand offerings on each of our e-commerce site, and have much more planned ahead. We continue to invest in our online infrastructure and talent. As you've heard me say before, our approach is to grow smart so that online sales are incremental, not at the expense of our brick-and-mortar business. Eventually, we plan to roll out e-commerce for all of our retail plans. Our goal is to be there for the customer whenever and wherever they want to shop us. Our fourth pillar is innovation. We see ourselves as leaders in innovation, always driving to move forward and improve our value proposition for our customers every day. We are never complacent, and we are always testing ideas and new seeds that could fuel growth for the future. Across our divisions, we see many of our new merchandize initiatives helping to drive comp store sales growth. And we plan to keep surprising our customers with unexpected categories when they come to shop. We are also very excited about some of our new marketing initiatives. We constantly analyze our marketing efforts, learn from what we've done and innovate so our programs can grow stronger every year. We are confident that our focus on innovation is what will drive our business now and in the future. Today, our retail brands are truly household names and we believe they are becoming more top of mind for consumers in the U.S., Canada and Europe. To support our growth goals, we are reinvesting in the business. We continue to invest in new stores, store remodels, e-commerce, our supply chain, distribution network, as well as our home offices. Or course, investing in talent and training for our almost 200,000 associates remains a top priority. Our approach is to invest ahead of our growth and lay a strong foundation to position us well for the future. Next, I want to spend a moment reiterating the major reasons we are confident in achieving our growth goals. Among them are the key strengths that we believe differentiate TJX from most other major retailers. First, our size and scale around the world allow us to leverage our global presence. On top of our nearly four decades of off-price experience in the U.S., we've been operating in Canada for 25 years and in Europe for 20 years. Over this time, we have built powerful retail brands and refined a global supply chain and distribution network that we believe would be difficult for others to replicate. Our world-class teams across all of our divisions having no walls approach to communication, and are constantly sharing ideas, talent and initiatives so we can function as one TJX. As we continue to grow and expand into new countries, we believe we will have even more opportunities to leverage our global presence across the company. Second, we see ourselves as a global sourcing machine and believe our off-price buying knowledge and expertise is second to none. Our 1,000 plus person buying organization is positioned in 10 countries around the globe, sourcing from a universe of over 17,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. Our merchants are always looking to leverage our relationships to bring the best brands and the newest apparel and home fashion to all of our chains across all of our geographies. Third, we are one of the most flexible retailers in the world. Our flexible store format allows us to quickly react to changing market trends and consumer taste. And next, we believe we have one of the widest demographic reaches in retail. For example, our stores attract shoppers with an extremely large range of household incomes. Above all, we are convinced that our commitment to value, the core of our company since day one will keep driving shoppers to our stores. We have built these strengths through decades of global operating experience and knowledge. We are convinced that these elements of our business are becoming even more powerful and positioned us extremely well for the future. So, in summing up, we are extremely pleased to start the year with great momentum and above plan results. The second quarter is off to a very strong start. We are confident in our raised full year EPS comp guidance and we have a management team passionate about striving to surpass our goals. While there may be macro factors such as foreign currency negatively impacting results in the short-term, our underlying business remains strong. I am confident that we will keep our momentum going with our many initiatives to drive traffic, our amazing values and our eclectic mix of apparel and home fashions from around the world. Our four growth pillars and our key strengths underscore our confidence that we will continue to profitably grow for many years. We are convinced we are making the right short-term, medium and long-term investments to position us to take advantage of the vast global growth opportunities we see. Additionally, we believe our investment in associates will allow us to attract and retain top talent which will further enhance the customer shopping experience. And lastly, we see ourselves as an off-price powerhouse with powerful retail brands and over 3,400 stores in seven countries. We have developed talent, built a global organization and created an infrastructure to support our off-price business model that would take decades for other retailers to replicate. Most importantly, we have been laser-focused on off-price and offering consumers value for over 38 years. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Carol. Now, to fiscal 2016 guidance, beginning with the full year. As we stated in our press release today, we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance to reflect our strong first quarter results. We now expect fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.21 to $3.27, over $3.15 in fiscal 2015. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 2016 expected EPS would be up 2% to 3% over the prior year's adjusted $3.16. As a reminder, we are planning earnings per share growth more conservatively this year to reflect the impact of several factors. These include foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, investments in our associates, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs. Combined, we are assuming these items will have a negative impact of about 8% to our fiscal 2016 EPS growth. We are also increasing our full year comp store sales guidance. We now expect a comp increase of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and a comp increase of 2% at Marmaxx. We continue to expect pre-tax profit margin to be in the 11.6% to 11.8% range versus 12.2% in fiscal 2015. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, expected fiscal 2016 pre-tax profit margins would be down 50 basis points to 70 basis points versus the prior year's adjusted 12.3%. We continue to look for gross margin  gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.4% to 28.5%, which would be flat to down 10 basis points versus fiscal 2015. We are planning for an increase in merchandise margins despite the foreign currency pressure we're assuming. We continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 16.6% versus 16.1% last year. Again, this is primarily due to our wage initiative, as well as our incremental investments. Moving to the second quarter, as our original guidance contemplated, we expect that Q2 could be the most challenging for EPS growth. This is due to the currency, wage, investment and pension items we referenced in the press release, as well as a favorable adjustment that benefited us last year and the timing of some expenses. I want to emphasize that our outlook for the business remains unchanged and that all of our divisions are very strong. We are a management team that works extremely hard to surpass our goals. Now, to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.74 over last year's $0.73 per share. Excluding last year's debt extinguishment charge, Q2 expected EPS would be down 1% to 4% versus the prior year's adjusted $0.75. Similar to the full year, this guidance also assumes the impact of several factors. These include an expected negative impact to EPS growth of about 9% combined from foreign currency, transactional foreign exchange, investment in associates, incremental investments and pension costs. We're modeling second quarter consolidated sales in the $7.1 billion to $7.2 billion range. This guidance assumes a 3% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp store sales, we're assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Second quarter pre-tax profit margin is planned to be in the 11.2% to 11.4% range, down 90 basis points to 110 basis points versus the prior year's adjusted 12.3%. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.6%. This would be flat to down 10 basis points versus the prior year, and assumes continued foreign currency pressure and additional supply chain cost. Despite these factors, we are planning for merchandise margins to be slightly up. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 17.1% to 17.2% range, versus 16.2% last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.0% and net interest expense of about $12 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 686 million. Before I finish, I would like to take a moment to discuss our implied back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.81 to $1.85, which would be a 2% to 5% increase over last year's $1.77. We expect currency exchange rates, investments in our associates, incremental investments to support our growth and pension costs to negatively impact EPS growth by approximately 8%. This guidance is based on consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. It's important to remember our guidance for the second quarter back half and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the second quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions. To keep this call on schedule, we're going to ask you please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And now, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Mr. Oliver Chen. Sir, your line is open.
Courtney Willson - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Courtney in for Oliver today. We're just wondering as you look forward to back-to-school and fall, are you planning anything differently versus last year in terms of inventory planning or merchandising?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Courtney, we always have a lot of initiatives in place, but we intend to continue to offer incredible value and we had some great marketing initiatives going forward. So, we are pretty excited about going forward with the business.
Courtney Willson - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. And just one more, if you could comment on how the West Coast port situation has impacted the business? Thanks.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, our packaways are up. There's plenty of goods out there.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. We've had, Courtney, plenty of availability of exciting brands and buys. It's hard to pinpoint necessarily whether it was due to the port or not. We have to believe that some of it was. So overall, we would say that the market has had a lot of exciting deals for us to take advantage of.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would comment that as always, we are trying to keep everybody home and back a little bit because there is a ton of goods out there.
Courtney Willson - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys, and congratulations.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Omar Saad. Sir, your line is open.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Great quarter. Congratulations.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: We noticed you guys are doing some more marketing commercials around the dotcom  the e-commerce business. Can you talk about some of the early signs of the efficacy there? How you think about that as part of your marketing plan going forward? Is it really targeted towards the e-commerce piece or do you think there's a halo there for the whole tjmaxx.com platform? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Omar, we look at everything in total brand. So the combination of tjmaxx.com and T.J. Maxx together is the way we look at it. Obviously, we're trying to leverage as much as we can. We're advertising a little bit more heavily like you'll see in-store, but we're very, very pleased with what we're seeing. And again, I have to reiterate that our online business is a continuation of different SKUs and excitement to the consumer. So I don't believe  and from what we see initially, we'll have cannibalization. So we're pretty excited about the business in totality. But more importantly, it's about building our brand and we're bringing in younger customers. So, we're pretty excited about it.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, as you think about this accelerated comp you've enjoyed the last couple of quarters, other purveyors of soft goods in the U.S. especially are experiencing a lot of weakness recently. I'm trying to understand is there a linkage inverse correlation in terms of product availability, some of the department stores are having some struggles. Are you guys benefiting from that or is it really just uncorrelated, do you think, with the performance of the industry and it's just secular outperformance by your formats?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I...
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: ...formats?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: What I would say, first of all, our apparel business and our home business is strong really across the board. So I think some of the things that  it always comes back to execution for us. So, for example, our junior business, we had said was a bit tough and I think Ernie and his team did a lot to fix the business. So it's very, very strong. We have a lot of initiatives. So I believe it's execution. Ernie, you want to...
Ernie L. Herrman - President: Yeah. I would say, Omar, the  well, first of all, back on the other question where there's been quite a few  the availability of goods in the market has been significant. Some of that could be a ramification of business around the environment not being as strong. I would say secondly, we've just kind of gone with the playbook, like Carol said, like we normally do. We've had good liquidity, good open to buy, and you have a lot of availability. So, we have to believe that type of execution has just allowed us to drive the sales and as we always say, to drive our sales  we try to beat our sales plan. So, to drive our sales above the plan is always our goal.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I honestly think we have outrageous value and that's what I'm the most excited about.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Ernie. Thanks, Carol.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Matthew Boss. Sir, your line is open.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Great quarter. Great, greater quarter, guys.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the competitive front, a lot was made about the incoming domestic entrant. Can you guys talk about how your store is overlapping with Primark and some of the fast fashion players globally actually perform today? And any thoughts on department store peers looking to accelerate into the off-price space?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, I've said it many times, we love being next to Primark and fast fashion because it really just drives the traffic along with the other off-pricers. So it just creates a Mecca for us. I don't usually comment on the competition, but I will comment that I think we built the machine over 38 years and we're pretty proud of it. And I think we have tremendous growth ahead of us. So I don't look at it as  I don't worry about who were near. I'm happy that anybody brings traffic, we're very happy.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's a good game plan. So you raised your comps forecast to 2% to 3% from 1% to 2%. Can you just elaborate a little where you're seeing increased confidence by division? And any color on performance as the quarter progress, I think, would be really helpful if possible.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So it's across the board. So we raised the comps and it includes all divisions. And as far as the February, March, April, obviously, March being the strongest, which was typical. But again, we were strong across all areas in the country, all geographies and all three months were pretty strong.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Wow! Congrats on a nice quarter.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Kimberly Greenberger. Ma'am, your line is open.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. Really terrific start to the year, Carol. And I'm wondering  I'm looking at the inventory numbers, it looks like total inventory was up 9% here at the end of the first quarter. Burt if you exclude in-transit and e-com on a reported basis, I think you said, up 2%. Is that seven-point spread largely in in-transit and is there  obviously, that would suggest a lot of fresh goods flowing in, if that's the right conclusion there. And I'm wondering if you're seeing any particular incremental favorability year-over-year from any of the sources?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, as I said before, there's a ton of goods out there. We have new stores. We had packaway. Our average ticket is down because we want to offer outrageous value and we're buying to the trends of the business. So it's all of those elements. And I think, Ernie and the guys are just, again, trying to hold back because there are great  across the board, there's a lot of goods out there and a lot of great brands.
Ernie L. Herrman - President: And as usual, Kimberly, we are trying to just make sure all the buyers are not buying too much too soon because of the availability. So we are very comfortable meanwhile with the number you just threw out there because it's right in line with our sales trend, packaways, like Carol said. And we look at where we were last year, where we are on the stores and the DCs and in-transit like you said. And everything is pretty much flush with the sales plan and the sales trend.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Ernie, it's amazing that you've been able to offer...
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You just have to understand...
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry. Go ahead, Carol. I apologize.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I was going to say, you have to understand that our supply chain gets quicker so we can deliver. Our goal is deliver  to deliver more times during the week. So we are always building that number. So, that's really, really important. And that's part of our investment, it's  and part of our secret sauce. It's part of the way we run our business and we're going to keep making that faster and faster, which makes our goods fresher. So if you have a trend, you can buy to the trend that week and get it into the stores. And that's what you're trying to do.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Is it the faster supply chain that's driving your merchandise margin higher? Is it the greater value? Just help us bridge the gap between offering customers greater value and actually building your merchandise margin up?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That's mostly in the buy. Obviously, it's in the buy and driving sales. Those are the two elements.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Daniel Hofkin. Sir, your line is open.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. I'll add my congrats on a strong start to the year. Just a quick clarification question on the margins and then a brief follow-up on e-commerce. You mentioned and obviously, the adjusted profit margin numbers you give don't include the transactional impacts in Canada or Europe, I believe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Is there a way that you could help quantify what maybe the margin trend or year-over-year change would have been if you could adjust for that as well? And then on e-commerce side, one very brief follow-up.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Daniel. We did a great job of mitigating in Canada a lot of the mark on pressure that we were seeing from headwinds. So it would have been better in Canada than the already strong numbers that we posted there. And we had some impact of currency in Europe as we do deal in multicurrency there, so there was some, I'll call it, revaluing of our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the division's local currency a bit of a technical answer in terms of some of the cost that you have for the timing of multicurrency settlements. So that cost is between that and that, but it was not a big piece of an adjustment. The bigger piece was still in the mark-to-market and the translational impact for the quarter. And those were pretty much the translational. It's a little bit more than we had actually thought because the currency average for the quarter was actually a bit negative to us versus what we have thought. And the mark-to-market impact was also a bit more as the currencies increased at the end of the year  at the end of the quarter, again, more than we had planned. So the overall currency  total currency impact was 5% versus a planned 4% when we had started the quarter.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then the brief follow-up on e-commerce is, obviously you just launched the tjmaxx website a little over a year and a half ago, so it's growing off of the beginning base. But can you talk about just the trend in the growth rate, let's say, this first quarter versus the fourth quarter, or just anything you can help us think about in terms of how  what's happening, early stages with the growth and how that's contributing so far. Is it still just 1% to 2% of sales at this point?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. It is still in that range. It is above plan, where we planned it. We're very, very pleased with it. And more importantly, we've nearly doubled the number of vendors. And again, we're increasing the categories. So we're extremely pleased with the business. And again, the most important thing is what we believe is it's not cannibalizing. And we'll see more results as time goes on. But we're very pleased with the business.
Daniel H. Hofkin - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Stephen Grambling. Sir, your line is open.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. I was hoping to just focus a little bit on the global growth here. And as you've entered Austria and prepare for the Netherlands, what are the biggest challenges that you've found in entering some of these new markets? And what are the things that you've adjusted to mitigate those risks? And then, I've got a follow-up on margins after that. Thanks.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So first of all, it goes back to learning and we learned a lot when we entered Germany and we entered Poland. So we do a lot of investigation, research, understanding the mix, the supply chain, the customer, looking at the right real estate so that we're testing real estate in a low  a smaller market and a bigger market so that we get a feel. So there is a lot of work. It's sometimes a year to two years in advance. And we have teams that actually go and spend a lot of time. So we have a very good playbook in terms of entering new countries and we use that playbook so that we go in, we analyze and then we can grow from there. We have increased our number of European stores this year and again at year-end, we'll talk to the next year. But it gives us room to look at more real estate. We added two countries. The Netherlands has 17 million people. So, again, coming back to we have a very good playbook and we can leverage the foundation that we already have in the infrastructure.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so on that leverage point, is there anything limiting the margin potential in Europe relative to Marmaxx longer term?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the cost of stores is certainly higher. There are some things  we put the model out 8% to 10%. I can't tell you that it's going to get to Marmaxx's model, probably not. Scott, you want to comment on that?
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think part of it in the short-term is we're investing in a pretty good growth rate at the moment. The cost of real estate, as Carol called, the payroll/other benefit cost is higher there as well. And then you do not have  if we had several thousand stores like within Marmaxx, you're able to leverage obviously the home office and other infrastructure. So I think those are the three biggest pieces.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So is it fair to say that the four-wall margin is a little bit lower there then?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, actually, Germany -
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Over time  again, I think some of the countries that might individually, like Germany, might be able to approach those levels if the four walls profit is quite good. But yeah, as Carol said, hopefully we could get somewhere in between and then we'll have to see based on the volumes. Again, the volumes  again, using Germany as an example, are quite  we do offset a lot of those costs due to the high volumes per store, but at the moment, we're not saying we can get to the Marmaxx levels.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And, Stephen, again, it's important for us to go into smaller markets and bigger markets. We open a big city in Germany, the volumes are enormous. But you want to be able to be across the country and the outskirts in addition.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, guys. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ms. Lorraine Hutchinson. Ma'am, your line is open.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the cadence of the wage increases. It sounds like the $9 rate will go into effect in June and it looks like you've guided SG&A, the ratio to be up in 2Q, but how should we think about that for the back half? And also as you both anniversary this and move to $10 next year, how are you thinking about pressure there?
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, you have it pretty much right in terms of the second quarter will be close  certainly a bigger increase. We had the state and local mandated increases in the first quarter. Investment growth, one of the reasons why the investment growth will be a bigger piece of the overall 9% that we put out there and a lot of that will be in the wage component of it. It will be relatively close in the back half of the year to what we're going to be seeing in the second quarter, so not enough to really call out as a big differentiator. Going forward, because of the timing of when we'll go to $10 and then annualizing some of the increase in $9, next year's impact will be higher than this year but then moderating and going down the year after.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Howard Tubin. Sir, your line is open.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. Carol, I was hoping you could talk maybe just generally about your marketing plans for the fall season whether in terms of dollars spend versus last year or TV impressions or radio impressions, things like that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the dollar spend is fairly flat to last year. However, each division has a slightly different strategy. So there's a lot more social media, a little less TV in Canada. We're revamping some things in Europe. So we have some new initiatives in Europe that we're pretty excited about. And we are leveraging all of our businesses for the back half. We have some really exciting things for gift giving in the fourth quarter across the board. So we are spending equal dollars but we think we're getting a bigger bang for the buck this year. And obviously, we did a lot of testing last year, we did a lot of analytics and we react to the analytics.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Jeff Stein. Sir, your line is open.
Jeff S. Stein - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Carol, a question on HomeGoods and just the home category in general. Did the home side of Marmaxx perform as well as HomeGoods? And maybe you could talk about some of the categories specifically, if there are any, that you could call out that are really driving HomeGoods at the present time? Thank you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We really don't talk to categories and our initiatives unless I will tell you something really needs to be fixed and we'll fix it. But our home categories across the board has really been very, very strong. But again, I will come back to apparel, we're pretty excited about. So we have a lot going on that's very positive.
Jeff S. Stein - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Can you talk about the loyalty program and the expansion of your, I guess, tender neutral loyalty program? And has that been an important driver here in the first quarter, your comps?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our loyalty programs are doing very well, both our rewards cards and our soft loyalty program. We've gotten some great results in Europe and that's expanding. In Canada, it's extremely strong. So I would tell you that we're gaining more customers shopping all of our brands because when they join the loyalty programs, they really tend to shop all our brands. And as I said before, when you shop one versus two versus three brands, it's an enormous increase in the spend per year. So, we're seeing a lot of different things happening. And again, we are gaining a lot of younger customers.
Jeff S. Stein - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Bob Drbul. Sir, your line is open.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Congratulations.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Two questions I have, the first one is do you think that tourism is impacting your business at all and can you comment a little bit about are you considering more combo units and how those type of units are performing within the store block?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. We do combos wherever we can and where it makes sense, where we can get the square footage and it's absolutely terrific for us. No, we're not seeing any impact in tourism. In terms of across the board, our sales, our comps are pretty consistent. So we don't believe we're being hit by that at all.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Mike Baker. Sir, your line is open.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. A couple of quick follow-ups. One, the West Coast port issue, are any of those goods that you think you may have gotten from there in the stores, were they in the stores in the first quarter, so any impact to the comps this quarter, is this stuff that's all on the come?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mike, the port, we can't tell you what it's really yielded. I mean, we pick the right goods, the best goods that we can find. In some cases, it may have been a delay from the port. But I could say this a thousand times. There is so much goods around the world that we take advantage of every situation. We have probably a piece of our business we got from the port delay. But it doesn't have an enormous impact to our business. And we will take advantage of everything in terms of packaway and great value and that's what we strive to do is just offer outrageous value.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Another follow-up, I understand March was the strongest. Was that due to Easter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess, it's more of a larger question. I know it was a great quarter and you don't want to use weather as an excuse, but I'm up here in New England, it was cold this spring, I mean weather had to have had an impact on your business. And even though Easter was early, it was so cold around Easter, my guess is Easter wasn't a great selling season. So, I guess, bigger picture question, how much did weather impact the quarter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So we had a very strong Easter month, the month of March. And I say at some quarters you get affected by weather and it's dramatic and in the aggregate, you usually make up for it. So in the Northeast and in the North, we still had pretty strong comps. Were they softer in the month of February with the snow? Yes. And did it come back as soon as the weather cleared? Yes. So we always look at everything in the aggregate.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. And then this is just for Scott, sometimes someone asks about quarterly expectations or margin expectations by the segments going forward, is that something you want to give us now?
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Again, we don't do it by the quarter, but I can certainly update you on the full year adjustments based on the first quarter. So I'll just, Michael, take it starting with Marmaxx, so as we said on the call, we have a 2% comp at the low and the high planned. The segment margin in the 14.2% to 14.4%, and that's down 40 basis points to down 20 basis points on volume of $19.5 billion to $19.6 billion, again, largely unchanged from the last time we gave guidance. HomeGoods, a 3% to 4% comp versus last year's 7% comp, 13.3% to 13.5%, down 30 basis points to down 10 basis points on $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion, and that reflects an increase both to the sales and to the margin based on the first quarter results. TJX Canada, 3% to 4% comp, again this is excluding FX 11.6% to 11.8%, down 190 basis points to down 170 basis points, again, these comps and the guidance reflect the strong performance of Canada in the first quarter. Europe is planned 3% to 4%, again, excluding FX 7.5% to 7.7%, down 50 basis points to down 30 basis points, slightly worse again than we had guided to, again, due to the performance in the first quarter. And that's $4.2 billion to $4.2 billion on the sales line.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would not be happy if we didn't beat the 1% to 2% for the back half. Ernie and I would be disappointed and we always try to surpass our goals.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. We'd be disappointed too. We hope you get there.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Ike Boruchow, Sir, your line is open.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Hi, everyone, congrats on a great quarter. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on the higher DC costs that you called out for Q1. Just a little confused because I think you talked about lowering AUR and driving more units through the supply chain. I would have thought that would have been a margin benefit. Can you just help us elaborate on that callout at The Marmaxx Group?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, our merchandise margins were up, yeah.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. We're still planning merchandise margins slightly up. There's two components that hit in the gross profit margin line. One is you're producing with the average retails down a bit more than we had planned. We did plan them down, but not to the level they are  we are now forecasting that requires additional freight cost and additional cost in our DC to process that unit. So that's why the  again, despite that, we're still planning the merchandise margins slightly up. So it's just incremental cost to the gross profit margin.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And that will (54:48) the cycle and mitigate a bit towards the end of the back half. We're still driving  the retails will be down again at Q2 because we think it's the right thing to do. But then we do start to cycle a bit towards the back half.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And just as a note, embedded in the  again, this is unchanged from our plan, but as we originally planned, there are some investments both for DCs and in the home office that primarily in Canada that impact and get our  impact the occupancy cost.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The last question comes from Ms. Marni Shapiro. Ma'am, your line is open.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Hey, guys. Congratulations. I'm broke from shopping your stores, they look fantastic.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Did you go to the one in Bridgehampton, right, Scott?
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: No, I have not gone out there yet. I go in with the intention of just looking around and taking notes, it just doesn't work. So if we focus on the millennials for half a second because you called them out as a nice area of growth for you, and I was curious if you're seeing that growth across categories, so is it in apparel, accessories, home and online? And are you doing anything to specifically market and target this customer or is it just that she's discovering you guys?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes and yes. We are learning a lot about social media to get directly to the younger customer. We're doing a lot of in-store initiatives and the home guys are targeting a piece of their business to the younger customer. And new apartments and when kids get out of college and school and they start working, so we have a lot of things going towards appealing to the younger customer from merchandising and from the marketing perspective.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Excellent. And across all the categories, so she is shopping across apparel and accessories and home?
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Excellent. Fantastic. Best of luck with the summer season, guys.
Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. I want to thank everyone and we look forward to giving you the second quarter results. Thank you again. Thank you, Cheryl.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer Deb McConnell - Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer Ernie Herrman - President
Analysts: Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Omar Saad - ISI Group Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Roxanne Meyer - UBS Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Co. Howard Tubin - Guggenheim
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Year End and Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, February 25, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Elan. And before we begin, good morning, everyone. Deb has a few words.
Deb McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitations, the Form 10-K filed April 1, 2014. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that we had a terrific fourth quarter. Earnings per share increased 15%, well exceeding our expectations. Consolidated comp sales grew 4% over last years 3% increase, also above our plan. Were extremely pleased to see the comp almost entirely driven by customer traffic. We also like the sequential improvement in comps and traffic we saw at all divisions from the third quarter. Im also very pleased with our 2014 results. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% over last years 15% increase and above our plan while we continue to invest in our many initiatives for the future. 2014 marks the sixth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. Over this time, our compound annual adjusted EPS growth has been a strong 22%. We were delighted to see customer traffic improve each quarter throughout the year. Consolidated comp sales were up 2% for the year over last years 3% increase. Today, I will recap our four pillars for growth and share with you our raise estimates for long-term store growth potential. In 2015, we are planning comps increases consistent with prior years and assuming more conservative EPS growth primarily due to macro factors. Our underlying business remains strong and we are reiterating our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model. We are confident we will achieve our goals and as always, we strive to surpass them. In 2014, we retail [ph] a $30 billion in sales which underscores our confidence in becoming a $40 billion company and beyond. Before I continue, Ill turn the call over to Scott to recap our fourth quarter and our full year numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Ill begin with our fourth quarter results. As Carol mentioned, our consolidated comparable store sales increased 4% over a 3% increase last year and above our plan. We were very pleased that our comp was almost entirely driven by customer traffic and that all of our divisions ended the year with traffic increases. Further, it was also great to see a strong increase in our units sold. Diluted earnings per share were $0.93, a 15% increase over last years $0.81, which was above our plan. Foreign exchange had a neutral impact on EPS compared with a $0.01 positive impact last year. This was $0.02 better than we planned resulting from a mark-to-market gain on our currency hedges due to the dramatic decline in the Canadian dollar and the British pound at the end of the quarter. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.4%, up 40 basis points versus the prior year. Gross profit margin was 28.2%, up 60 basis points versus last year, primarily driven by strong merchandise margin improvement as well as buying an occupancy leverage on the strong comp. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 15.7%, up 10 basis points versus last years ratio. SG&A was less favorable than anticipated due to contributions to the TJX Foundation and legal costs not contemplated in our most recent guidance. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including inventories held in warehouses and excluding in-transit and eCommerce inventories, were up 5% on a constant currency basis versus an 8% decline last year. Average in-store inventories at the end of the quarter were flat versus last year. Now to recap our full year fiscal 15 results. Consolidated comparable store sales increased 2% over a 3% increase last year. The comp was driven by a combination of increases in average basket and customer traffic. We were very pleased that customer traffic improved sequentially every quarter of the year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.15. Excluding a second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $0.01, adjusted EPS was $3.16, a 12% increase over last years $2.83 which excluded a tax benefit of $0.11 from reported EPS of $2.94. Our 12% increase exceeded the high-end of our most recent guidance. Foreign exchange had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share compared to a $0.01 positive impact last year. For the full year, consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.2%. Excluding an approximately 10 basis points impact from the second quarter debt extinguishment charge, adjusted pre-tax profit margin was 12.3%, up 20 basis points versus last years 12.1%. Gross profit margin was 28.5%, flat versus last year. For the full year, merchandise margins were slightly up. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.1%, a 20 basis points improvement over last years ratio. Moving to our financial strength and shareholder distributions. Our business continues to generate excellent cash flows and strong financial returns. In fiscal 15, free cash flow was $2.1 billion, approximately $415 million more than last year. OIC remained a strong 23%, thanks in large part to a disciplined approach with capital allocations. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders while continuing to reinvest to support our growth for the long-term. We returned $2.1 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal 15 through our share repurchase and dividend programs. Even after increasing the shareholder distribution program and our investments in the business, we still ended the year with $2.8 billion of cash in short-term investments. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and Ill recap our first quarter and full year of fiscal 16 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our pillars for growth, Ill share some highlights of the fourth quarter. We are extremely pleased with our strong holiday season and fourth quarter results. We are convinced that our tremendous values, plus shipments of gift-giving assortments and our effective marketing attracted more shoppers to our stores. Further, based on our learnings from last year, we did a much better job of shifting our merchandise mix by region. In general, weather was also more favorable for most of the quarter versus last year. Looking at our performance by division beginning in the U.S., Marmaxx comps were up 3% over a 3% increase last year. The increase was entirely driven by customer traffic. Second, profit margin was up 80 basis points and merchandise margins were up solidly. It is terrific to see Marmaxx finish 2014 with its best quarter of the year. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps were up 11% and segment profit margin increased 120 basis points. We are thrilled of HomeGoods consistently strong results and could not be more excited about this divisions prospect for the future. So moving to our international divisions, at TJX Canada, comps increased 7% and adjusted segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, was up 30 basis points. While our Canadian organization did a nice job mitigating some of the currency impact on our mark-on as we anticipated, the rapid decline in the Canadian dollar continue to negatively impact merchandise margins. Also, we were extremely pleased with customer traffic and the response to our initiatives at all our Canadian chains. We clearly have a very loyal customer base in Canada. TJX Europe comps were up 2% over a very strong 8% increase last year. Adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 20 basis points. Its important to note that this includes our investment in talent to open additional country ahead of our original plan and research other new countries. Ill elaborate on this later. We are pleased to see sequential sales improving from the third quarter across all of our geographies. We also offer customers amazing gift giving selections on our eCommerce sites in the U.S. and the U.K. throughout the holidays. At tjmaxx.com, we were very pleased with our above plan sales in the fourth quarter. We are excited about all our online businesses. And in a moment, Ill detail a number of initiatives planned for 2015. Now to our four pillars of growth. Starting with driving customer traffic and comp sales, we like our fourth quarter traffic increases and also continue to see enormous opportunity to gain U.S. and international consumer market share. We remain underpenetrated versus U.S. department stores and the potential to expand our reach internationally is back. We target a very wide demographic base and like the growth were seeing in the millennial shopping across our divisions. We operate a diversified international portfolio with an eCommerce offering that is differentiated from our brick-and-mortar store. We see all of this as a great advantage. In 2015, we will continue to pursue many initiatives to drive traffic. First, we have become better every year at leveraging our global marketing capabilities. In 2015, we plan to continue our multilayered advertising approach to reach consumers through television, radio and digital media. Second, to drive more frequent business and cross shopping, we will continue to grow our U.S. and Canadian loyalty program. The initial customer response to our non-credit Access loyalty card, part of our TJX work program has been excellent since we rolled it out in the U.S. last summer. Based on the success of our North American initiative, we are testing a non-credit loyalty program in the U.K. We are very pleased with the initial results. Further, we plan to keep upgrading the shopping experience and making our stores better every day. In 2015, we expect to remodel approximately 225 stores across the company. This includes our new Marshalls prototype which were rolling out this year. We remain focused on building our brand presence and bringing consumers trend-right merchandise at outstanding value. Our buying organization now numbers more than 1,000 people positioned around the globe. Our merchant source from the vendor universe of over 17,000 vendors in more than 100 countries. We are also delighted that our overall customer satisfaction scores improved once again in 2014 to a record high and were striving to be even better in 2015. Our brand recognition is getting better every year. Our second pillar is our enormous brick-and-mortar global growth potential. Today, we are raising our estimates for our long-term store growth potential to 5,475 stores, 325 more stores than our prior target. This would be more than 2,000 stores or greater than 60% growth over our current base. In 2015, we plan to add 181 stores across our chains. In the U.S. alone, we see the potential to add over 1,400 stores. At Marmaxx, we see the long-term potential to grow our store base by over 40% to about 3,000 stores. We see significant white space remaining for Marmaxx across the U.S. including in both rural and urban location. Marmaxxs consistent results underscore our confidence in our growth plans. In 2014, segment profit margin was a strong 14.6%. We are pleased with the sequential improvement we saw in customer traffic each quarter of the year and are pursuing many traffic-driving initiatives in 2015. At HomeGoods, were raising our estimates for its long-term growth store to approximately 1,000 stores. This is double the current base and 175 more stores than our prior estimate. HomeGoods has delivered consistently excellent results over many years which is a major factor in our confidence. In 2014, segment profit margin hit a divisional record of 13.6%. In addition, some other U.S. home retailers operate over 1,000 stores today. HomeGoods is a phenomenal business and we see an exciting future prospect for this chain. Moving to our international division. In Canada, we continue to see very solid growth potential. We are raising TJX Canadas long-term store growth estimate to around 500 stores, 50 more than our prior estimate. With Marshalls alone, we see the potential to grow this chain to about 100 stores. Marshalls performance continues to be excellent. We believe that Marshalls successful growth in Canada is due in large part to the knowledge and expertise weve gained in operating that country for nearly 25 years. Overall in 2014, TJX Canadas adjusted segment profit excluding foreign currency was 13.5%. We are extremely proud of our success in this market. We also see enormous potential ahead for TJX Europe. For over two decades, we have built the European platform and organization that would be difficult to replicate. TJX Europes adjusted segment profit margin excluding foreign currency increased to 8.1% in 2014, another divisional record. Today, we are raising our long-term store growth potential estimates for TJX Europe to about 975 stores. This would be 100 more stores than our prior estimate and more than double our current store base. This primarily reflects the opportunity we see in two additional European countries. This spring, we are excited to expand into our seventh country, Austria, with our first floor opening plans for March, earlier than we originally planned. Im also happy to announce that we are planning to expand into our eighth country, the Netherlands, this year. We plan to open our first TK Maxx store in that country this fall. We have been analyzing the Netherlands for several years and are confident we understand the marketplace and the customer. This is why we decided to open this year, ahead of when we originally envisioned. Beyond 2015, we see vast opportunity to expand our business into additional European countries and around the world. We are convinced that our value proposition can resonate wherever consumers seek fashion and brands at great prices. We are leveraging our global presence as we grow and have decades of experience in building international teams and infrastructures. We see this as a major advantage as we continue to grow as a community of [ph] value retailer. Now to our next pillar, eCommerce expansion. While eCommerce overall represents just over 1% of our total sales today, we see it as an important driver of future growth. Our strategy with eCommerce is to grow smart and drive traffic both online and to our brick-and-mortar businesses. At tjmaxx.com, we made great progress in 2014. We are pleased to see the site attracting new customers and we are gaining incremental visits from our existing brick-and-mortar shoppers. A vast majority of our returns are going to our stores, which is a great way to introduce our online customers to our physical locations. In 2014, we added more than 1,700 brands at 11 departments including juniors, mens, jewelry and active wear. In 2015, we will keep adding brands and categories to the site. We just added home to tjmaxx.com and believe this category could be very strong online. We have additional categories planned for 2015 including plus sizes. Eventually, we can see rolling out eCommerce for all our retail brand. Our fourth growth pillar is innovation. I truly believe we are leaders in innovation and that this has been a major factor in our success over a 38-year history. We are always looking at new seeds for future growth. In 2014, we were delighted with the openings of our Sierra Trading Post stores in the Denver area. We are pleased with their above-plan performance. Customer response has been fantastic. We will continue to test what works best with this concept and in 2015, we are looking into opening a couple of northeast locations. Longer term, we would be thrilled to grow Sierra Trading Post as the fourth U.S. chain and eventually in Canada. As you can see, weve been very busy developing growth initiatives and investing in our future. To support our short and long term goals, we will continue to reinvest in the business. We are in the fortunate position of having many of our initiatives working, which bodes well for the future. Our approach is to invest ahead of growth and lay a strong foundation today to position us well for the future. We dont cut cost in order for the short-term that could hurt us in the long-term. While simultaneously, we remain laser-focused on efficiencies. We are making important investments to strengthen our leadership position and set us up to become a $40 billion company and beyond. First, we were pleased to announce an important initiative on wages this morning detailed on our press release. These actions are part of our strategy to continue attracting and retaining top talent in order to deliver a great shopping experience for our customers and will allow us to remain competitive on wages. Second are our new stores and remodels. Third, we are investing in Europe. We are making key investments to both strengthen our brand loyalty in existing markets and capitalize on first mover advantage in new markets. The investments include opening Austria and the Netherlands sooner than we originally planned and analyzing new countries, systems and supply chain investments to support our accelerated store growth and our eCommerce platform and investing in talent to support our brick-and-mortar and online growth, including adding HomeSense stores. Fourth are our investments in eCommerce. We are working to get our infrastructure and people in place now in order to be in position to leverage them later. Marshalls will be our next chain to be offered online. Next, we are investing in new seeds that could grow into meaningful businesses for TJX. Lastly, well also continue to invest in our North American supply chain and distribution network. Now to our 2015 outlook which Scott will detail in a moment. I want to emphasize that our assumptions for comp growth remain unchanged from prior years. We have many initiatives underway to drive sales and are working very hard to surpass our goals. Further, our assumptions for merchandise margin increases remain consistent with prior years. That said, we are planning our earnings per share growth more conservatively this year. Our outlook primarily reflects the expected negative impact due to foreign currency similar to other major international retailers, as well as our investment in our associates. As to the long-term, we are reiterating our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model. Because some of our underlying elements could change, were not going to provide specific guidance on the components of the model. That said, we feel great about our business and Im very confident in our ability to achieve our long-term plans. Again, we have a management team very motivated to exceed our objectives. So summing up, were extremely pleased to end 2014 with an excellent fourth quarter with sales and earnings exceeding our expectations. As to the start of the quarter, overall sales and traffic are both up. And in our warmer U.S. regions, sales and traffics are trending in line with Q4. Looking ahead, we see many opportunities in todays environment. We operate an amazingly flexible business model and an international diversified portfolio of businesses. We have many growth initiatives working well and many levers we can pull throughout our business to drive growth. I want to emphasize how importantly we view the investments we are making this year in our growth initiatives. As always, we are convinced that building the right infrastructure and organization today ahead of our growth will pay dividends in the near and long term. While there will always be macro factors at work in the short term, our underlying business remains very strong and we have great confidence in the combined success growth of this great company. And now, Ill turn it over to Scott to go through guidance and then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal 16 guidance beginning with the full year. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.17 to $3.25 over $3.15 in fiscal 15. Excluding last years debt extinguishment charge, fiscal 16 expected EPS would be 0% to 3% over the prior years adjusted $3.16. To reiterate what Carol mentioned, we feel great about the business and there is no change to how we are planning our underlying business. Again, our assumptions for comp sales and merchandise margin increases remain consistent with prior years. However, we are planning earnings per share more conservatively this year to reflect the impact of the following factors. First, the most significant factor is currency exchange rates, which we expect to negatively impact fiscal 16 EPS growth by approximately 5% overall. Let me break this down. Were assuming that translational FX and the mark-to-market adjustment on our currency hedges will reduce EPS growth by approximately 3%. This is primarily the result of the dramatic decline in the Canadian dollar and the British pound rates versus last year. Its important to note that in the last six years, FX hasnt impacted our year-over-year EPS growth by more than $0.01. So we see this year as an outlier and, of course, FX rates could moderate or benefit us in the future. Were also anticipating that the impact of currency to our mark-on could hurt EPS growth by another 2%. This primarily affects merchandise margins at Canada, TJX Canada and TJX Europe, which buy a significant amount of inventory in U.S. dollars. Keep in mind, with our op price model, we enter hedges at about the same time we purchase inventory and a majority of our merchandise for the year still has not been bought. Therefore, the FX impact could change as we move through the year, as we enter into new hedges and currency rates fluctuate. Further, while difficult to completely eliminate, our guidance assumes that our management teams will work hard again this year to mitigate as much of the FX pressure as possible as they have been doing for the last several quarters. In addition to currency, we are assuming that our investments in our associates as well as other incremental investments and pension costs would have a combined negative impact of about 4% to fiscal 16 EPS growth. We are planning fiscal 16 prudently to reflect all of these factors. At the same time, we remain very focused on controlling cost and well work very hard to exceed our plans. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $29.8 billion to $30.2 billion range, a 3% to 4% increase over the prior year. This guidance assumes a 2% negative impact to reported revenue due to translational FX. Were assuming a 1% to 2% comp increase on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx, consistent with how we have planned the last several years. We expect pre-tax profit margin to be 11.6% to 11.8% range versus 12.2% in fiscal 15. Excluding last years debt extinguishment charge, expected fiscal 16 pre-tax profit margins would be down 50 to 70 basis points versus the prior years adjusted 12.3%. Were planning gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.4% to 28.5% which will be down 10 basis points to flat versus fiscal 15. Once again this year, we are planning for an increase in merchandise margins despite the FX pressure were assuming. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 16.6% versus 16.1% last year. This is primarily due to our wage initiative as well as our incremental investments. In fiscal 16, we plan to balance the use of cash between investing to support our growth and returning cash to shareholders. Were planning capital spending of approximately $975 million. We expect the Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 20% on top of the 21% increase last year. Were planning to buy back $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion of TJX stock, $100 million to $200 million more than last year. Even with this level of shareholder distributions, we still plan to end fiscal 16 with $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion in cash in short-term investments, which will provide significant financial flexibility. For modeling purposes, were anticipating a tax rate of 37.6%, net interest expense of about $42 million and a weighted average share count of approximately 684 million. Now to Q1 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.66, a 0% to 3% increase over last years $0.64 per share. Similar to the full year, this guidance also assumes the negative impact of several factors. These include a combined 4% from currency exchange rates. This includes 3% from transactional effects and the mark-to-market adjustment on our currency hedges and 1% from the impact of currency on mark-on. And were assuming a total of 5% from our incremental investments employee payroll and pension cost. Were modeling first quarter consolidated sales in the $6.7 billion to $6.8 billion range. This guidance assumes a 3% negative impact of reported revenue due to translational FX. For comp stores, were assuming growth in the 2% to 3% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx versus a1% increase and flat comp last year respectively. First quarter pretax profit margin is planned in the 10.6% to 10.8% range, down 50 to 70 basis points versus the prior year. Were anticipating first quarter growth profit margin to be in the range of 27.9% to 28.0%, flat to up 10 basis points versus the prior year. We are planning for an increase in merchandised margins in the first quarter. Were expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 17.1% to 17.2% range versus 16.5% last year. For modeling purposes, were anticipating a tax rate of 37.9%, which is slightly higher than the full year. We also expect net interest expense of about $11 million and a weighted average share count of approximately $691 million. Its important to remember our guidance for the first quarter and the full years assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the first quarter. A wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal 16. As Carol mentioned, on a consolidated basis, we plan to net approximately 181 new stores for a total of about 3,576 by year end. This represents square-footage growth of approximately 5%. In the U.S., plenty of white space remains. And we plan to continue our aggressive growth of Marmaxx and HomeGoods. This year, our plans call for us to net 70 additional stores at Marmaxx and 40 more stores at HomeGoods. We also plan to open one additional Sierra Trading Post store this year. Internationally at TJX Canada, we plan to add 20 new stores. At TJX Europe, we expect to accelerate our pace of openings and add 50 stores this year, nine more than last year. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, were going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. Thanks. And we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Stephen Grambling.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, good morning. Actually, a kind of a quick question on the long-term guidance in the reiteration of the 10% to 13%. Is that something where you feel like this year is a little bit depressed and then 2016 could be a little bit more outsized and so you end up kind in the same rate? And then also if you wouldnt mind kind of providing the components of this longer-term outlook and maybe if thats changed across sales margin and the segments.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Steve, were not going to give the exact model going forward. We see this year, as we said, foreign exchange currency. Weve given those numbers. Wages will have an impact next year and then well moderate from there on.
Stephen Grambling: Okay. Then maybe if I can sneak one other one in there. Just on the loyalty and rewards program, is there anything that you can provide on the details either as it relates to the percentage of sales that it currently represents your customers and maybe any difference in the frequency in cross shop that youre seeing.
Carol Meyrowitz: Im not going to give you the specific numbers, but it is absolutely increasing across at cross shopping. And we are really, really pleased with what were seeing just in general. Our marketing plans are terrific. And I think thats really driving customer traffic and will continue to.
Stephen Grambling: Okay. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just given the port situations, Im just wondering when do you expect to see a pickup in availability of goods if in fact you do or perhaps you have already and is that built into your guidance? And then also, can you just confirm what percentage of your goods are sourced in U.S. dollars? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all, in terms of the port, I can tell you as you know, chaos does tend to be our friend. I hate to say it. But we are seeing some things. Our pack-always are already up and were not planning the business any different, but we are assuming that therell probably be an increase in pack-aways and therell probably be some pretty incredible deal. Ernie, do you --
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I mean to your question, Paul, also an addition to pack-aways, there will be I think in the near-term some probably greater market opportunities for the current season than we normally would have had because of the ports. But like Carol said, there is always some dynamic going on out there. This time, its the ports. So next time, it will be something else. So yes, this does create additional opportunities to your question and availability.
Carol Meyrowitz: I can tell you were staying very liquid. So Paul -- oh no, its muted. Can you hear me?
Paul Lejuez: Yes.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. I was just going to say, I can tell you were staying extremely liquid in the anticipation.
Paul Lejuez: But is it factored into your guidance that you will see those great deals and perhaps --
Carol Meyrowitz: No, we dont. No, we dont factor any of that. And we planned our margins the way we typically plan on margins, which are planned up. Not anything unusual, no.
Scott Goldenberg: And Paul, to answer your question. Canada buys approximately 50% of their purchases in U.S. dollars. And Europe buys approximately 25% of their purchases in U.S. dollars.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now theyll work hard to mitigate that, obviously buying as much out of Canada as they possibly can and that of Europe. But theres a reality that they do buy approximately 50%. But the guys are working pretty hard.
Paul Lejuez: Great. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Thanks. Carol, Im wondering if you can expand on the sequentially improving traffic you saw in 2014. Obviously, were not hearing many retailers with positive traffic trends. Was there a change in your marketing strategy? Were there other contributing factors that you think sort of hit an inflection that drove that improvement?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I think our brand awareness is really increasing. And we work very, very hard to make our stores more shoppable. Obviously, we love our mix. And I will tell you were excited were seeing lady sportswear really improving and business is pretty good in the apparel areas in women which is a great sign. So I think were doing all the right things. Regionally, they nailed it. They shipped fresh flow. They put it in the right areas. The marketing is very strong. Were getting very, very high scores on our marketing. So I think all of the factors that we have been talking about just continue to come to fruition. Were excited.
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. Can I just follow up on one thing with Scott? I assume that the pressure you spoke about on foreign currency will be sort of exclusive to Canada and Europe. But Im wondering if you could help us understand magnitude of operating or segment margin impacts that we should factor into our model for 2015 on either or both of these divisions.
Carol Meyrowitz: Why dont you break down the year for each division, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So again, Kimberly, to your question, Ill be talking about the full year guidance for the four different divisions. Marmaxx, were planning a 1% to 2% comp. The guidance is 14.2 to 14.4, so down 40 to down 20, with the sales at $19.4 to $19.6 billion. HomeGoods, as planned, a 2% to 3% comp, 13.2 to 13.4, 40 to 20 basis points down on $3.7 billion in sales. Canada is 1% to 2% comp. And the Europe and Canada Im going to deal with the ex-FX. So 11.3% to 11.5%. So they were down 200 basis points in the high-end and that is primarily due to the impact of currency on the mark-on. And thats on $2.7 billion. Europe, 3% to 4%; 7.9% to 8.1% again ex-FX on $4.1 billion.
Kimberly Greenberger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Boss.
Matthew Boss: Good morning. On the gross margin side, can you guys talk about some of the drivers of the underlying merchandise margin expansion, particularly, any concept outliers and just some of the opportunities on a go-forward basis?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, Im not really sure what -- youre asking specifically on the merchandise margin? I mean, I think what we do is obviously were going after the best value we possibly can. And that includes keeping open to buy, putting it in the right categories, taking it so advanced into the market. I mean, were kind of doing business as usual but theres a ton that goes out there. And even with the port situation, we dont seem to be having a problem finding great value. Other than that, Im not sure how else to answer that.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then on the new Marshalls prototype, can you talk about some of the learnings? I actually walked one up in Boston and I thought it looked great. But just kind of any other learnings in customer reception so far.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, the customers love it. Thats obviously why were rolling it out. Im not going to say specifics due to competitive reasons. But weve done a lot of analysis on what drives the customer and makes them happier within our store, along with really our employees because we want them to be able to maneuver and be comfortable in the store. So its like a combination. We ask the stores themselves what works and our customers. And then we come up with the best prototype we can. So taking all of that into consideration, we love the new prototype.
Ernie Herrman: And Matthew, we really start with just a couple and we fine-tune the first couple physically and operationally and we dont begin rolling out the new prototype until were happy with the customer surveys we get on that as well as the associate surveys, as Carol mentioned.
Matthew Boss: Great. First one was good [ph]. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. Thats good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Great quarter, guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask about a high level question on the buying organization. I think you mentioned youre over 1,000 people at this point. You kind of keep adding --
Carol Meyrowitz: We are.
Omar Saad: You keep adding -- you keep raising your store targets in Europe and youre adding Netherlands and the growth curve seems to be keeping extending out further. How should we think about the buying organization long-term, how it scales? Does it delever when you first go into new regions or new -- or youre expanding new concepts and then it scales over time or is it one for one if you were to double the size of the business, you didnt need to double the size of the buying organization, just philosophically, how do you think about the ability or inability to scale that? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, Im going to comment and then Im going to throw it over to Ernie. First of all, in Europe, weve done some restructuring so that we really are being set up for leveraging. So its not one for one. I think were at a place -- for example, next year, probably the investment in the infrastructure in Europe will be a little bit less. However, we will be adding heads but not at the pace. We have added a number of people in Canada to set ourselves up for Marshalls. And again, at this point, we should start leveraging because we dont need to add as many heads. As we go into each country, its not one for one again. If we go into a new country and we find that we need to expand the vendor structure, you might add a buyer here and there. But thats really how we looked at it. This year was a pretty big year for expansion to set ourselves up. But we love the foundation we have in Europe. And I think they have really done a great job of looking at what the total European market needs to look like. Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And I think its a little different by country. So domestically here, if you look at Marmaxx and HomeGoods, as much as we talk about Europes expansion, weve been growing very healthy -- at healthy paces here as well. So weve added merchants even domestically. But clearly, we do it at a leveraging rate. So were always leveraging. We dont add at the rate of our top line growth. We are flexible based on opportunities and trends. If we look at categories that are trending, we tend to look to buyers to cover that. But again, were very surgical. And if you go to Canada, when we added another brand, wed look at more buyers there but at a very much different rate than just adding to the rate of the business, the new stores and the growth. So it leverages very dramatically. But it is the lifeblood organization for this company. So we are very proactive as weve talked before in our training of that organization. And its not just about the numbers, its about the quality of the merchants that we put in place. So I guess thats one reason we feel like were pretty efficient with that group.
Carol Meyrowitz: And Omar, same thing with our online business. So were excited about getting Marshalls will be our next brand because we can leverage the buying organization which is a separate organization from Marmaxx. But you have tjmaxx.com, when you add on Marshalls, you dont have to double the number of buyers. So thats why were excited. As that volume increases, were not going to have to add quite as many people.
Omar Saad: Thank you. Nice job.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much, guys, and great quarter and exciting outlook. A couple of small points. If you could just comment on the eCommerce business and how youre seeing returns coming into your stores, if you could give us a percentage of that, and then commenting about the timeliness of your inventory today and the open-to-buy situation looking into 1Q. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, the majority -- first of all, were very happy T.J.Maxx -- and Ernies going to talk to some of those categories and things that are going on there but were getting pretty excited about it and we love the differentiation. Very high percentage of the returns are coming back to the stores, very high percentage. So were excited about that. Were not going to give you the specifics on new customers but we are bringing in new customers. And what we did towards the end of this year is we started really integrating tjmaxx.com within our stores so theres much, much more awareness. So were feeling pretty good. And again, the returns are coming back which is great, what you want to see. Its also the people who are returning. Theres more brand awareness. So there is shopping the other brands and awareness of that. Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Richard, I think an answer to your question I think on the timing, were buying pretty handsome out there relative to I think an eComm business. If you go on the site, I think youll feel that in terms of the nature and seasonality of the merchandise. Were launching categories that Carol mentioned in the initial run-through that Home has launched, and that was pretty recent. Again, were happy with the way that is going. Plus side is that in the near future, Pet is something that weve carried in a decent way in HomeGoods. That will be online in the near future. As we put in these new categories, youll see that the timeliness of the goods is right in sync with our stores. Its just not the exact same goods as the stores. It varies. Sometimes it would be, most of the time it isnt. But were feeling good about -- were trying to bring that op price model to the eComm, tjmaxx.coms site.
Carol Meyrowitz: No, this was the open-to-buy -- going forward, just in general, were as lean as we always are or available for any opportunity out there. And we do believe that therell probably be a higher pack-away opportunity this year. So thats the way were looking at it.
Richard Jaffe: Yes, I know. It seems like the pipeline is very full and the opportunities should be tremendous for you guys, so good to hear. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer: Great, thank you and congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Roxanne Meyer: My question is around the investments and pension cost that you mentioned that are going to weigh on this years earnings by 4%. Im just wondering if you can give us the bigger buckets of those investments and just talk about what is it thats driving your pension cost up. And knowing that you guys are still methodical in terms of how you execute, Im just wondering if we should expect these to be multiyear cost that could weigh on your cost profile. Thanks a lot.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, okay, Im going to talk to the investments. The share investments in the business is somewhere probably between 1% and 2%. Going forward, it may be less than that. The pension cost, Im going to have Scott break down the pension cost and then wages.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So on the pension cost, similar to were in that low interest rate environment and the pension get at one point in the year you have the interest rate gets set. It was at in the historically low rate from a pension cost. It moves, so its already moved up, but you have to set it up, you have to set it that one time. Also, mortality tables as youve probably read with other retailers and asset [ph], have been reset. So its probably more -- the majority is due to the interest rates. And there is this portion due to the mortality tables. But again, some of the FX rates they could fluctuate and be a positive for next year. Were extremely well-funded. And our rates of return have been good. So again, I think the big wild card is going forward and could be favorable is the interest rates. In terms of the 4%, the largest component of that is the investment in associates. And its more than half of the 4%.
Roxanne Meyer: And just a follow up, is this -- obviously, youre going to have some incremental cost next year as you continue to bump up the hourly rate. But aside from that, should we expect some of these others costs to continue going forward?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, as I said, I think pension, I would be disappointed if it continues to be as negative as it was this year. And as far as other costs, theyll moderate. So the wages will continue through next year and then it should moderate after that.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. In terms of the bigger portion, the 5% we talked about on the currency translation mark-to-market, at this point wed be assuming currency rates would remain the same as they are now. If that would be the case and we have not bought any goods for next year and we would assume thered be no impact essentially for both the translation mark-to-market and the impact on our currency. So that 5% is more to due to just the way we forecast and consistently have done that.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Obviously, we have never had that kind of impact in the history of our business. So we do not think that that will be a negative factor going forward. At least, were not assuming.
Scott Goldenberg: Thats correct.
Roxanne Meyer: Got you. Okay. Well, thanks and best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Baker.
Mike Baker: Hi. Thanks, guys. I have two questions I wanted to ask. But the first is just on the competitive environment. And you guys are doing so well. Everyone else wants to get into this business. So how do you think about that? Do you think the off price market in general grows the share of total apparel or theres more competitors going after the same size market for off price? And by the way, do you guys ever quantify what you think the size of the off price market is? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I can say to you is that we always try to get the bigger piece of the pie. And we work very hard to keep improving our business every year. And its not so easy to just get into the off price business. Again, with a thousand buyers and making sure every day youre throwing really fantastic special presents, its not the easiest thing in the world. We are very underpenetrated in the United States versus department stores. So we think weve got a long way to go. And obviously international, we are the first out there. Theres no other off prices out there. And we have built a very strong foundation and were going to continue doing that and expanding. And we spent a lot of time going to a new country. And we spent two to three years really analyzing it to understand what the right mix is. We learned that a long time ago. So we look at everybody as a competitor. And as far as were concerned, we just want to give great value every day and do what we do best and keep doing it better. And thats how well get a bigger piece of the pie.
Mike Baker: So striving for bigger piece of the pie and it sounds like you think the pie might get bigger as the off price takes share from departments stores. And also, just a quick question. You said that in warm weather markets, youre in line with the fourth quarter. Im up here in Boston like you guys. Theres snow everywhere. I mean, is that kind of weather [ph] --
Carol Meyrowitz: [Indiscernible].
Mike Baker: I guess, what kind of impact is that having and correct me if Im wrong, but March and April are much bigger months than February in the first quarter, I assume, is that right?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. And theres an early Easter. And our overall traffic is up. And where weather is good as I said, our trends are pretty similar to the fourth quarter.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks. Good to know.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin: Good morning. Great quarter. Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. One, you discussed that traffic was -- almost all of the comp increased. But I think you indicated that units per transactions were also up. Was the average unit retail down to some degree? And Im curious what youre seeing in terms of the pricing environment. Thats my first question. Then I have one quick follow up.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Our average retail predominantly in Marmaxx was slightly down, yes. And units were up. Again, we are really focused on delivering great value. But having said that, our margins are up.
Daniel Hofkin: Is that more your own pricing initiatives or is that the overall pricing umbrella that is? And youre just kind of moving and step with it?
Carol Meyrowitz: But we need to really view them relative [ph] for our business.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then just maybe just a more thematic overall picture about retail or just curious what you think is happening in terms of labor cost in general. Weve obviously -- you being one of a number of major retailers that have announced wage increases. Is something changing in terms of the amount of slack [ph] in the labor market from your perspective? Just any perspective would be helpful there.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, I keep coming back to were on this mission to really improve and be the best brand out there. And the customer experience, every year that our customer surveys come back that they love the in-store experience which is really our associates who are driving that, we think its absolutely imperative that we keep pace and that we have the best talent. We have very low turnover. We definitely employ a choice. But as everything else, we want to be ahead of it. We want to keep the best of the best and we want to be able to bring the best of the best in. So whether its our stores, whether its our merchants, whether its home office, thats our goal. So were doing what we think is best for our associates and our customers.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. If I could just clarify the three-year EPS growth. I know you answered the question earlier. I just want to make sure that when you talk about that as kind of 13% relative to lets say, I think, your 2013 analyst day, if that inclusive of the I guess 0% to 3% EPS guidance that you have in place for this year, that its not in adjusted kind of 13%. I just want to make sure were understanding that properly.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, its not -- this year, its not a long-term growth plan. And I already said a lot that this is going to get mitigated on its own. And we certainly think the initiatives that were dealing are the right things to drive our business. So were feeling very good about our business.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. Thats very clear. All right, thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question. Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin: Oh, thanks, guys. Just a great quarter. And just a quick question on your regional merchandising efforts and strategies, Carol, can you go to any more detail on that? And what kind of opportunity do you see going forward from these regional type strategies?
Carol Meyrowitz: Of course not. Look, that was the way to answer that. Honestly, we were very disappointed in our fourth quarter a year ago. And we learned a lot from that. Our margins were down. And we said we evaluated everything that we thought was the right thing to do. And I think the guys did a spectacular job this year. And I think they see even more things that theyre going to go after next year. So I really dont want to go into the individual strategies. But as many years ago in Europe, we learned whenever we have a tough situation, we go in, we dig in, and we fix it and we learn a lot from it. And thats whats important.
Howard Tubin: All right. Great. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. And we look forward to reporting our first quarter here up in Boston. And were hoping for a little meltdown. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q3  (2014-11-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Deb McConnell - Global Communications Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer Ernie Herrman - President
Analysts: Daniel Hofkin - William Blair Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo Securities Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Roxanne Meyer - UBS Omar Saad - ISI Group Bob Drbul - Nomura Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee Pam Quintiliano - SunTrust David Mann - Johnson Rice Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies' Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, November 18, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Elan, good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Deb has a few words.
Deb McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitations, the Form 10-K filed April 1, 2014. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our third quarter performance. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 13% over last year's strong 21% increase. This was at the high end of our expected range and as Scott will detail in a moment despite not having the foreign currency benefit we anticipated for the quarter. Consolidated comp store sales grew 2% also at the high end of our plan and over a 5% increase last year. This marks our 23rd consecutive quarter of comp sales growth. We were also delighted that customer traffic was slightly up to the third quarter, as we continued to gain momentum from the first and second quarters. In addition, while we're pleased with our comp results, we believe they would have been stronger without the negative impact of the weather in the US and Europe. At Marmaxx, we saw solid trends in August and September, but with unseasonably warm temperatures across the country in October, apparel sales turned softer. That said, our Marmaxx home, jewelry and accessory businesses, which are less weather-sensitive, were outstanding for the quarter. Similarly, the weather turned extraordinarily warm across our European regions in September, which we believe hurt sales. With temperatures starting to cool in November, the fourth quarter is off to a very strong start for TJX overall. Before we share with you the numerous short and long-term growth opportunities we see for the company, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap some of the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. As Carol mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 2%, at the high end of our plan and over a 5% increase last year, our strongest quarterly comp in 2013. Our third quarter comp was driven by an increase in units sold, while customer traffic was slightly up and ticket was essentially flat. We were pleased with the sequential improvement in traffic from the first half of the year. As a reminder, our traffic calculation is based on the number of customer transactions. Diluted earnings per share were $0.85 compared with last year's reported $0.86. Last year's third quarter EPS included an $0.11 benefit. Excluding this benefit, earnings per share grew 13% over last year's adjusted EPS of $0.75. Foreign exchange was neutral to earnings per share, which is the same as last year. What our third quarter guidance had contemplated was $0.01 benefit. So clearly, FX was $0.01 worse than we expected. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 13% for the quarter, up 40 basis points versus strong growth last year. Gross profit margin was 29.4%, up 10 basis points versus last year's strong increase. Merchandise margins were slightly down primarily due to TJX Canada, which was hurt by FX. I should note that our Canadian organization did a great job of mitigating that impact. SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 16.2% for the quarter, 40 basis points improvement versus last year's ratio. The favorability versus the prior year was due to items related to our new home office facility last year and expense favorability. At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories, were up 3% on a constant currency basis versus a 4% decline last year, as we transitioned into gift-giving a bit earlier this year. We are very comfortable with our inventory position with excellent liquidity. I should also note that our in-store inventories are planned to be down at year-end versus the prior year. In terms of share repurchases, during the third quarter, we bought back $448 million of TJX stock, retiring 7.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we have retired 21.5 million shares, buying back $1.2 billion of stock. We continue to anticipate buying $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '15 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our near and long-term growth drivers, I will share some additional color on our third quarter performance by division, beginning in the US. I'll move straight to Marmaxx. Comps increased 1% over strong 4% increase last year. While we usually do not give color on monthly comps, I think it's important for some additional insight into the quarter. Again, we were very pleased with our comps and traffic in August and September. Trends in these months were significantly better than in October when we believe the unseasonably warm weather across the country had a dramatic impact on customer traffic and dampened demand for apparel. I would like to note that the fourth quarter is off to a very strong start. Also, our non-apparel businesses, including home, jewelry and accessories, were terrific in the third quarter. We are very encouraged by our customer traffic overall, which was slightly up for the quarter and represented sequential improvements from the first and second quarters. We are pleased that segment profit margin was 14.5% on a 1% comp, including the de-leverage from our e-commerce businesses. I'm confident about Marmaxx heading into the fourth quarter. We see a marketplace absolutely loaded with quality brand and merchandize and we are well positioned to buy into these opportunities. We also have great initiatives planned, which I'll discuss in a moment. HomeGoods delivered an outstanding quarter. Comps were up 7% over 10% growth last year, and segment profit margin was 13.9% million or up 80 basis points. We are thrilled with HomeGoods' continued excellent performance. I can't tell you how many people asked me when are we going to open a HomeGoods in their area. We are doing a lot of work on our supply chain to support the future growth of HomeGoods, which we believe still has tremendous potential. Moving to our international divisions, at TJX Canada, comps increased 3% versus and segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was down 10 basis points. Profit margins were well above our plan as our Canadian organization did an excellent job mitigating the foreign exchange impact on merchandize margins despite the significant decline in the Canadian dollar. Further, we are pleased with Marshalls' consistent strong performance in Canada, as it gives us another vehicle to grow our off-price concept in that country. TJX Europe's comps decreased 1% versus a 5% increase last year. We believe TJX Europe was dramatically hurt as temperatures turned unseasonably warm across our regions in September and dampened sales of apparel. TJX Europe's positive momentum continued through August, which was seasonable when we saw the change as soon as the warm weather hit. We were also encouraged to see sales trends improve as we started the fourth quarter. The upside to the warm weather at the marketplace in Europe is flooded with amazing deals on amazing merchandize. Segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was 10.4%, flat to last year. We are extremely pleased that TJX Europe drove merchandize margin increases on a negative 1%. This speaks to the flexibility and the resiliency of our off-price model. As to e-commerce, we continue to be pleased with our online businesses in the US and the UK. We recently passed the one-year mark with tjmaxx.com and we feel very good about the progress we've made. We've added a number of new categories, including juniors, men's and jewelry, and hundreds of new vendors to the site. Customer response has been terrific and we plan to continue adding new categories and brands to create an even more exciting shopping experience for our customers. We are beginning to roll out permanent signage promoting tjmaxx.com in our stores and have integrated it in all of our T.J. Maxx marketing as we are now confident we can service our customers well. Now to the near-term growth drivers for the holiday season and fourth quarter. First, our gift-giving initiatives, which I believe are the best ever, will be focusing even more heavily on gift giving this year and shipping our stores with fresh selections throughout the holiday season. We see this as a major differentiator between us and other retailers. Shoppers can expect to see the unexpected every time they visit. I hope by now that you've seen our new tri-branding commercials. We love them. Second, we have many unique and exciting in-store initiatives planned, which take advantage of our flexibility. You have to shop our stores to see what they are. And third, we are raising the bar on our marketing campaigns again this year. Our television campaigns will run every single week in North America and throughout the holiday season. We are also bringing tri-branding to Canada for the first time this year. Further, all of our divisions are using a multi-layered approach to reaching more consumers including television, radio and digital advertising. As I mentioned, we continue to be more aggressive marketing e-commerce. Online will be part of our TJ Maxx brand marketing now and in the future. Most importantly, we remain focused on allowing shoppers with outstanding values on quality branded and fashionable gift collections. We are convinced this is what will drive shoppers to our stores this holiday season. Moving to our longer-term opportunities, I'll recap our four pillars for growth. These give us great confidence that we will continue to drive profitable growth for many years to come. Starting with our first pillar, driving customer traffic and comp sales, we continue to see enormous opportunities to gain market share. We are still underpenetrated versus US department stores and see huge opportunities internationally. We have many initiatives underway to attract new customers and encourage existing customers to shop us more frequently. Let me address the question of competition, which we've been hearing a lot lately. Do I worry about the competition? No more than I have before. Let me be clear, we are extremely focused on getting a bigger piece of the pie regardless of how big that pie is. We offer customers a treasure hunt of constantly fresh and eclectic assortments of exciting brands and merchandize source around the globe, which we see as a major differentiator. Further, we work on executing our business model every day so we can be better than the competition. To drive customer traffic, we are leveraging our global marketing capabilities. We have expanded our TJX rewards loyalty program and are pleased with the customer response to our non-credit access loyalty card, which we rolled out across the US in the second quarter. To retain shoppers and encourage more frequent visits, we continue to work on making our stores better every day. We are on track with our plans for our new Marshalls prototype and are pleased that our overall customer satisfaction scores increased versus last year. In addition, we see big opportunities to engage with more customers by e-mail. Our second pillar is our enormous brick-and-mortar potential. With almost 3,400 stores today, we see the potential to grow to 5,150 stores long term with our existing chain in our existing countries alone. In North America, we have built a strong foundation with over 2,900 stores and see the potential to add over 1,300 new stores. We are one of only a handful of retailers who know what it takes to succeed in both US and Canada, and we are building upon that successful foundation. Internationally, we have built the European platform over two decades that is not easily replicated. With 440 stores today, we believe we can almost double that to 875 total stores in just our current countries with our current chains alone. Beyond this, we see a tremendous retail landscape for us in other European countries. We are excited about expanding to our next European country, Austria, with our first few stores opening planned in the first half of 2015. And we will have more to come on Europe on our year-end call. Our next pillar is e-commerce expansion. While e-commerce is still in its infancy and a little over 1% of total sales, we are pleased with the momentum we are seeing and believe in it as a growth vehicle for the future. Our plan remains to grow smart and take a deliberate approach to building our online business to ensure that our growth is incremental to and not at the expense of our very successful brick-and-mortar business. Further, we are focused on differentiating our merchandize mix to both attract new customers and encourage existing customers to buy more. Our strategy is to offer customers an endless treasure hunt and always deliver outrageous value. Our fourth pillar is innovation. We strive to be better every day and constantly move forward. Every year, we work to upgrade our mix and offer even more exciting brands and merchandize from our universe of more than 16,000 vendors worldwide. We are constantly testing ideas that could turn into businesses of hundreds of millions of dollars. An example of our innovation is bringing Sierra Trading Post successful online business to a new brick-and-mortar format. We opened two new Sierra Trading Post stores in the Denver area in the third quarter and we're thrilled to see hundreds of customers lined up for both grand openings. While it's still early, we're certainly pleased with their performance to date. I truly believe we are leaders in innovation and that will never stop and we will never be complacent. In closing, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance of both sales and quality of earnings. We feel very good about our gains in traffic and units sold as customers are buying more items. Further, we continue to grow our businesses, delivering comp increases over comp increases and profit growth. The fourth quarter is off to a very strong start and we are pursuing many opportunities for the holiday season. We see a marketplace full of incredible brands and fashion and are in a great inventory position with plenty of liquidity to buy into those opportunities. We love our holiday marketing campaign as much as we do and we believe our gift-giving selection is better than ever. We see exciting prospects for our business in the fourth quarter and are confident we will deliver another strong year on top of many. Longer term, we see our four pillars as our runway for future growth. As we look ahead, we see many key advantages to our business that differentiate us from other retailers and we believe set us up extremely well to achieve our goals. We are leveraging our business on a global scale. We have decades of US and international experiencing building teams and infrastructures, a world-class buying organization of more than 900 people and growing, enormous off-price flexibility and an extremely wide customer demographics. Above all, in today's competitive landscape, we're convinced our ever-changing and eclectic mix of brands and merchandize from around the world all at amazing value truly sets us apart. To support our growth, we continue to invest in new stores, to our remodels, e-commerce, supply chains, talent and training. We see a lot of room to grow our business and believe we're doing the right things to build to the future. We always look at the short, medium and long-term. Lastly, as part of our culture to always analyze what we did right, what we did wrong and what we can do better, we still see opportunities in every division and category where we can improve. This is how we think. We're always looking at the glass as half empty, so we can raise the bar and execute even better. I truly believe this is a major factor in our long-term track record of success and why we will execute on our vision of becoming a $40 billion company and beyond. So now I'll turn it over to Scott to go through our guidance. And then we will be opening it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to guidance beginning with the fourth quarter. We now expect fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.90. This would be a 6% to an 11% increase over last year's $0.81 per share. This guidance now reflects a $0.02 negative impact from FX versus our prior assumption of FX being neutral. It also assumes a $0.02 negative impact due to a combination of additional expenses and investments. These include increased costs related to our supply chain and in-store marketing to improve the customer experience. We're also assuming some incremental expenses and additional investments as we prepare to open Austria and our next new country. It's important to note that our assumptions for comp sales growth and merchandize margin increases remain unchanged for the fourth quarter and full year. We're assuming fourth quarter consolidated sales in $8.1 billion to $8.2 billion range. This continues to be based on comps sales growth in the 1% to 2% range both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Fourth quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 11.9% to 12.2% range, down 10 basis points to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be in the range 27.6% to 27.9%, flat to up 30 basis points versus the prior year. Again, this guidance continues to assume merchandize margins will be up and reflects our opportunities for improvement based on our learnings from the last year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 15.6%, flat with last year. Again, foreign currency rates are expected to have $0.02 negative impact on EPS this year versus $0.01 positive impact last year and our prior assumption of FX being neutral. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of around 37.8% and net interest expense of about $11 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximate $696 million. Now to our full year guidance. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. On a reported basis, we now expect fiscal '15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.07 to $3.11. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge of an estimated $0.02, we expect EPS to be in the range of $3.09 to $3.13 over $2.94 in fiscal '14. As a reminder, fiscal '14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our guidance for the full year adjusted EPS would be up 9% to 11% over the prior year's adjusted $2.83. Foreign currency exchange rates are now expected to have $0.03 negative impact on full year EPS. This is $0.02 worse than our prior assumption of $0.01 negative impact and compares to our $0.01 positive impact last year. This outlook continues to be based on estimated consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2% for the full year. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be about 12.1%. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.1% to 12.2%. This would be flat to up 10 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal '14. This reflects expected gross margins of 28.4% to 28.5%, which would be down 10 basis points to flat versus last year. Again, we continue to expect merchandize margins to be slightly up. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.1%, a 20 basis points improvement versus last year. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks and we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin-William Blair: Just wanted to see if I could just parse through some of the weather and just ask if you could give your best sense for what would be underlying comp rate over the last couple of months through thus far in the fourth quarter in, let's say, Europe and Marmaxx.
Carol Meyrowitz: Daniel, obviously we're not going to give the numbers out. But as I said, August and September for Marmaxx were pretty damn strong. October, when we saw that extreme warm weather, we got hit pretty hard. It came back very strong opening November. And Europe, again we're seeing Europe turn as soon as November's weather start to get a little bit cooler across the board and more consistent. So we're feeling pretty good about our start.
Daniel Hofkin-William Blair: So Europe, you would say, back to positive territory. Is there anything aside from weather that you felt was an issue either domestically or overseas?
Carol Meyrowitz: No. You could read it month-to-month. I mean August in Europe was sensational. August and September in Marmaxx was very strong as soon as we saw the change. And we had incredibly high comps in the accessory, jewelry. Those areas that were not weather-affected were high-single digits.
Daniel Hofkin-William Blair: And then if I could just ask you to clarify within the $0.02 impact in the fourth quarter, what specifically were the expenses as opposed to the kind of investments for the future? What specifically were just the added expenses in the fourth quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: It is strictly math. You have $0.02 of FX. The $0.02 were really we have a slightly lower ticket in Marmaxx, which is very positive. We're giving a great value and we're shipping gift-giving a little bit earlier. Freight that was one part of the combination. The other is a little bit of systems and I'll talk more about it at our year-end call to get ready for the possibility of another country.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Tracy Kogan-Wells Fargo Securities: It's Tracy filling in for Paul. Could you guys give us merchandize margin by division? I think you mentioned Canada was hurt by FX. But what were the merchandize margins at the other divisions?
Scott Goldenberg: I'm not going to break it down by division. But excluding Canada, again just as we had said earlier that we were relatively flat when you exclude Canada. Or said another way, we had some increases in freight. Again we're deliver to our stores more frequently than we have before, had a bit of cost due to the port slowdown. But again, I think we got ahead of that and really had very little impact. But overall, our mark-on and markdowns were relatively flat with last year. So we felt good about major components.
Tracy Kogan-Wells Fargo Securities: Is it fair to assume Marmaxx was up slightly?
Ernie Herrman: Very slightly.
Scott Goldenberg: Again if you exclude the freight portion of it.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Hutchinson-Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow-up on your commentary around the new loyalty card, see that built through the quarter and if you view that as a big traffic driving opportunity for 4Q.
Carol Meyrowitz: We saw a fairly dramatic increase in our soft loyalty program. We saw very dramatic increases. So we're very pleased with the program thus far. So we think that that is going to be certainly a part of our future traffic driving.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Baker.
Mike Baker-Deutsche Bank: I wanted to ask you what you're seeing competitively from department stores. What we've seen is that their inventories are a little bit cleaner. Their gross margins look a little bit better. Are you seeing them being a little bit less promotional or have a little bit less clearance? And how does that impact you guys or your thinking heading into the fourth quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think there is a lot of dynamics going on. One is the port, and there is a bit of a payoff there, and that's not a wonderful thing, except for TJX it does tend to yield very positive things. We feel that we are incredible value. As I said, our average ticket is down, because we think we're giving very extreme value for the fourth quarter. So we're pretty excited about that. Our packaways are also up over last year, which is showing that slight increase in inventory. If you took that out, you'd be fairly flat. So we're feeling pretty good about value and we're feeling pretty good that our distance between everyone else out there is going to be very positive going into the fourth quarter.
Mike Baker-Deutsche Bank: You do sense in terms of your pricing, you mean?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, our value.
Mike Baker-Deutsche Bank: Scott, sometimes you give your margin expectations by the segments. Is that something you can talk about for the fourth quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: We can give it out for the full year, our updated full year guidance. So we don't give out division and so forth. So for the full year, I'll start with Marmaxx to be doing, excluding FX when I talk about Canada and Europe, the comp increase for the full year for Marmaxx is 1%. The segment margin is 14.6% to 14.7%. Again, this is unchanged at the high from the last time we gave guidance. HomeGoods 4% to 5% for the year, 13.1% to 13.2%, again up from last time where we had 13% at the high. I'll go back to Marmaxx for a second for the sales. The sales are planned to be $18.6 billion to $18.7 billion. At HomeGoods, the sales for the full year are $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. Moving to Canada, again ex-FX, the comps are planned 1% to 2%, the segment margin 13.1% to 13.2%, again higher by 30 basis points than the last time we gave the guidance on 08/19 on sales of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. At Europe, 3% to 4% comps, segment margins 8.2% to 8.3% on sales of $4.1 billion to $4.1 billion, again for out total numbers 1% to 2% comp at 12.2% to 12.3%. So on ex-FX, we're 20 basis points better than last year.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling.
Stephen Grambling-Goldman Sachs: Now that you've lapped the e-commerce launch, you mentioned that you're also looking at some new vendors and categories. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you've seen over the year and what you're expecting going forward? And were there brands that were unwilling to sell to you online that are now opening the doors after seeing your results?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, slowly, but surely we're definitely adding more brands. As I said, we've added hundreds of vendors, which we're pretty excited about. And we're loving the momentum. I mean we have huge increases, however that's on top of a very small business, but we're very pleased. It's better than we thought thus far. You'll see some new categories beginning next year or the first half of next year that I think will be very exciting. So looking forward to that. And we just continuously keep learning, but we're excited. The returns are going back to the stores. All the things we wanted not to cannibalize and to differentiate, we're feeling good about.
Ernie Herrman: If you've been shopping at Citadel, you will see that over the last, I'd say, three months, there's been more categories and vendors. And again, that's kind of an open book, so you can shop by yourself and see the growth in the amount of categories.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other positive fact is that the average order keeps going up. So we're pretty happy with the overall spend.
Stephen Grambling-Goldman Sachs: And one follow-up to an earlier question just on inventory. With inventory in total up around 8% versus the in-store up low-single digits, how much of that delta is e-commerce versus in-transit?
Scott Goldenberg: In terms of the inventory, looking at the balance sheet inventory, they were up 8%. If you exclude the incremental packaways, total inventories would have been up less than the total sales growth of 6%. So we do have some incremental packaways versus the previous years.
Carol Meyrowitz: We also have more opened by dollars than we had a year ago.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer-UBS: My question is on the investments that you're making incrementally. I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on those incremental investments related to supply chain. And while early, how are you thinking about investments for next year, whether you think that it's going to follow through and we should see a step-up in investing going forward?
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Roxanne, we're actually working on next year's plan while we speak, but our investments are pretty focused on making sure that we can open additional countries in Europe on our supply chain, so that we can deliver more frequently to our stores. We really believe that there is a benefit to shipping less more frequently to our stores. We continue to feel that there're better weather-proofing opportunities throughout the chain. Last year, I think we had some missteps in maximizing some of our sun belt business that we're focusing on this year. We're going to continue our in-store investments. We're learning a lot from our customer surveys and we'll continue to upgrade our stores. We have a Marshalls new prototype. It's one of my favorites actually. And we're going to be starting to roll that out. And we just believe upgrading the in-store is really, really important. We have some things going on in long term, so that it's easier for the customer to shop us. So those are really the primary things that we're focusing on. And obviously a big part of our capital goes to new stores, which we'll talk more about again at the end of the year, what our plans are for Europe and domestically or North America. And we'll continue our investment in the e-commerce carefully, but I think we're doing the right things. I feel very comfortable about the pace that we're keeping.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad-ISI Group: I wanted to ask some follow-up questions on the weather. It feels like not just The TJX Companies, but the industry in general, is having bigger impacts from weather changes over the past year and I'm wondering if I'm correct in assuming this. Are you guys feeling that in your business versus history and is there any possible explanation why the weather would be impacting the consumer more now than it has in the past or maybe I'm just off my rocker and it's kind of always been this way?
Carol Meyrowitz: There's always volatility in weather. I look at the full year. And you're going to have days that are positive and you're going to have days that are negative. For the fourth quarter, obviously we like to plan conservatively. So if you look at the back-half of last year a year ago, I think we had eight major snowstorms and around major snowstorms you have deep freezes. So we know last year that we ran into December, we had pretty strong comps and January was very dismal. So we think there's certainly an opportunity there. But I think in the aggregate year-over-year by time you finish the year, there's going to be some impact. But I don't look at it by month; I look at it by how is the year. And I think what we learned from it is how to mitigate the weather. So we have huge, huge presence in the middle of the country and south I call it the cloud belt and the sun belt. So we have new initiatives this year to maximize those in addition to changing some categories up north that we know we can drive even through some tough weather. So you learn from that every single year. We call it weather-proofing and I look at it as an opportunity.
Omar Saad-ISI Group: And then the flexibility of your open-to-buy, does that help you maybe flow the right weather-appropriate product into the stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely. I mean we have a whole coat strategy that's very different from last year, because we ended up with the end of December, which is why our margin in the fourth quarter last year wasn't where we liked it to be. We certainly hope to mitigate that this year.
Ernie Herrman: Omar, our model does allow us to flex more, because we buy so close in. So I think in some cases when the weather goes this way, we would have taken a hit worse than what we do take, because we're able to mitigate it with our liquidity. And that creates additional opportunities in the market. So yeah, we'll get hit on traffic initially like anyone else, but in the end, we can advantage of the other opportunities like in cold weather purchases. So it kind of evens out over time like Carol was saying.
Carol Meyrowitz: And I think the other thing is Europe is an unbelievable example to have a negative 1% comp on top of 5% comp a year ago and have the same 10.4% against 10.4% is really to reach the flexibility of the model. Those guys just kept their inventories in line. They switched categories. And that market is just loaded with goods. So the flexibility of our business is incredible.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Drbul.
Bob Drbul-Nomura: I just have two questions. On categories, on the accessories category, are you seeing an increased availability of product? And can you talk a little about the denim category and sort of trends that you're seeing there and availability of product as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Ernie can chime in. There's so much product out there that the two of us are doing our hammer act around the building. It is so plentiful in beauty. It's so plentiful in all the accessories areas. And there's isn't an area that there isn't.
Ernie Herrman: Bob, both categories you just talked about, I mean accessories have also a lot of different categories. We have big availability really across the board. So our challenge, like I think Carol was alluding to, is just pacing it and controlling how much we buy, how fast. And in denim, we can't give specifics, but denim performs really by a vendor and a fabrication issue. So we can't really get into specifics of what works there. But it works when you have the right item. I mean the availability is very strong there as well. It's really hard to find a category right now where there isn't a fair amount of goods.
Bob Drbul-Nomura: And then just a question on the marketing. With increased aggressive marketing on e-commerce, both in the stores, but also the media and the TV side, is that percentage of sales, is it stable? Is it increasing? How should we think about that, the way the business is operating today?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we're more focused on where we get the better bang for the buck. So like in Canada, we've increased TV. In the United States and Marmaxx, we're doing a little bit more social media. So we're changing it up a bit. And then we do leverage. Now we have our tri-branding. And then in Canada, we leverage commercials from the US. So we're really able to keep our spend flat to slightly up, but we think we get a bigger bang to the buck. And the same thing in Europe as they're learning and leveraging between the UK and Germany.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe-Stifel Nicolaus: Carol, I had two questions. One, you mentioned the dock strike and availability. I've got to believe that that's got to make your life a little bit easier. We've seen dramatic developments in e-commerce both in the technology, the look of the sites, the ability to blend store experience plus online experience. And you guys have been a late adopter. You watched, you saw. And now there's great visibility on what's working, what's not. Should we anticipate an acceleration in the investment in bringing the e-commerce business in terms of look and integration closer to the 21st century, closer to what some of the industry leaders are doing?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we have to balance everything. That's what we're digging in and looking at very carefully, because as you know, our brick-and-mortar business makes so much money that we want to balance where we make our investments. So we're running all of our returns on investment and we're going to lay out next year's plan and decide where we feel we are doing the right thing. However, I think as we go along the way with tjmaxx.com, if you'll see on our site the site changes, the size of the pictures change, we have a lot of initiatives. And we will certainly look at the investment and if we feel that we should increase the investment, we will. But we want to make sure that we communicate what we're getting for that investment.
Richard Jaffe-Stifel Nicolaus: So it's really a wait-and-see approach than a change in the strategy you've had to date.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I'm not going to sit there and come back to you and say, let's just throw $1 billion at it. Europe is very exciting and the idea of opening additional countries, we make a lot of money with our brick-and-mortar. So we have to really balance our spend. See our trading store, the two stores we're very pleased with. It's another big opportunity. It's kind of a wonderful problem to have, but we want to be very smart on how we do all of this.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeff Stein-Northcoast Research: Carol, a question on packaway. Several of your competitors have a much higher percentage of packaway inventory relative to what you have had historically. And I'm wondering in the latest quarter with the increase you're seeing in packaway, are you doing that for defensive reasons to try to get the first call on goods that are out there or was this just opportunistic? And second question I have is I'm wondering if you could just address the issue of inventory turns in your e-commerce business compared to brick-and-mortar.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, well, we don't talk about our turns in our e-com business. But our packaways are all about great deals. And the guys will go out there for the fabulous brand. It's the right fashion, they're going to do it. However I don't like packaways being too high a percent of our business, because I want us to be as current as possible. I want these guys going in every single week and being very current and making the best deal possible. So you always have to again balance what the premium brands are, what we love. We know that with the ports, there'll be a lot of goods coming at us, and we just want to make sure that we're current, we have an incredibly eclectic mix. And it's all about balance, Jeff. That's what it is.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever-MKM Partners: So my question is on Sierra and how the acquisition has affected your Marmaxx business. Just without mentioning any brands, I would say that I've seen some really high-end brands in outerwear, particularly at Marshalls, thinking brands you might see when you're climbing up Mount Everest.
Carol Meyrowitz: So you know about that. I said so you know about that?
Patrick McKeever-MKM Partners: And I've seen some kayaks on display at Marshalls. So I've got to assume that merchandise is coming through Sierra in some way. And I would think that would be just a huge win for Marshalls, for Marmaxx, just given the growth in active lifestyles and active wear and that sort of thing?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, it's all about the category. Sierra and Marmaxx do share information and they'll go to show it together, so that again we leverage as a corporation. But Marmaxx is definitely on the outdoor theme, and it's another great opportunity. It's another initiative.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah, Patrick, I would say it's really been an independently-driven situation like the Marmaxx merchants have, and I think Carol just pointed to, some of that outdoor goods. Whether we had Sierra Trading or not, we would be going after that. So even the kayaks that you saw, that was something they actually initiated at Marmaxx and it had nothing to do with Sierra. And some of the outerwear pieces you were talking about, which I feel I like some of those goods there, personally appealing and I think you probably find it exciting merchandize. They communicate, but they don't really drive each other's buys that way.
Carol Meyrowitz: Patrick, you know what else is happening is a lot of the brands is German. There's some fantastic brands from Europe. And now they're all collaborating and vendors in Europe are now used to doing business with us. So that's helping too back and forth. Same thing in Europe, some of the American brands. So it's a combination of everybody globally working together. Again, you want that assortment in Sierra. You want Marmaxx hitting all the brands. You want the European brands. So that's what's making the mix exciting.
Patrick McKeever-MKM Partners: How do you think about your outerwear assortment just today versus a year ago overall?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it's definitely upgraded.
Ernie Herrman: Yeah, we're happy with it.
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow.
Ike Boruchow-Sterne Agee: The Marmaxx Group continues to outperform in the US clearly when you look at the specialty apparel guys. But based on your guidance for Marmaxx, the 1% to 2%, this would be the slowest comp that Marmaxx has seen since '08. And I'm just curious, Carol, when you think about the off-price industry, there's a lot of footage, there's a lot of competition, there's online players that are trying to jump into it. At a very high level, how do you think about the industry over the next five years?
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, I think every year there's always competition. We're not players that go out and say we expect these huge comps. However, I would certainly believe that Marmaxx can do pretty well in the fourth quarter, and I really love their initiatives. And as I said, they're off to a good start. So would I be happy with that comp? Probably not.
Operator: Our next question is from Pam Quintiliano.
Pam Quintiliano-SunTrust: So just quickly on gift-giving, it looks really great what we're seeing in the stores right now. Can you talk a little about the changes in timing in terms of the flows into the stores from where you would be historically and just thought-process behind gifts and what you're doing differently there?
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Pam, every year we look at our gift-giving and we also do a lot of research with our customers, which is why our marketing campaign changed quite a bit. So we know where the opportunities were by category. So we re-evaluated all of that and we made a decision that we wanted to convert a little bit earlier. We like the flow and we're going to continue that flow. But the guys have done an incredible job of a combination of just globally getting together. And every single week, it's going to change into more and more of an exciting mix. So you saw those kayaks as an example. I'm holding my open-to-buy, because I just think it's going to be spectacular, and we worked very hard on it. So I'm very proud of the guys.
Pam Quintiliano-SunTrust: As one with children, I can say not only the kayaks, but also the amount of frozen merchandise you have is pretty phenomenal and full price everywhere else.
Carol Meyrowitz: Just keep coming.
Pam Quintiliano-SunTrust: And if I could ask one to follow-up, when I think about this year with October being unseasonably warm and the port delays and you've been talking very favorably about the opportunity for product, so incrementally it seems like every call you always say there's so much opportunity out there for product. But it sounds like there's even an uptick from how much you normally see out there. Is that a safe assumption to make in terms of the quality?
Carol Meyrowitz: A little disruption usually yields very positive for TJX. I mean it's not a good thing in the world. But, yes, and we will take full advantage of it.
Pam Quintiliano-SunTrust: And that's a benefit near term and longer term, right?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from David Mann.
David Mann-Johnson Rice: In terms of HomeGoods, can you talk a little bit about any of the drivers behind the acceleration there and whether you think you're just catching a tailwind from the industry or really taking a lot of share?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think HomeGoods is probably one of the most unique businesses out there, and I don't think there's anybody that does business the way HomeGoods does. And I think they are so global in their sourcing and so unique, their turns are just insane. And it's a brand that everybody loves and I think it's got a long runway. And I'm excited about it. I think some day, it will be both online. And we give a number of how many stores, but I keep looking at the other home businesses and the number of stores that they have out there is far greater than HomeGoods. So I just think it's an amazing group that executes very well, and we have created an extremely exciting brand. So we all love it. And that's all we hear. I have to stop telling people I can't put a HomeGoods near their house.
David Mann-Johnson Rice: Just curiously on Marmaxx during the quarter, were there any regional call-outs when you think about some of the trends that occurred during that quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, definitely, the northeast, the cooler climate weather, it got very warm, got hurt the most.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna-Avondale Partners: A couple of questions about the ports and also winter coats. So first, the ports. I just want to verify, the port delays that are being experienced in the industry, it sounds like that has raised the amount of availability greater than what you had anticipated back in August when you hosted the last call. And then regarding winter coats, you alluded to some negative issue in the winter coats last December. Can you just remind us of what that negative issue was?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think last year honestly, we just shipped too many too late. And we have a different strategy. And also, the weight of the coats. We've looked at it really by region, from the north to, I call it the cloud belt, to the south, so that we're much more regionally weight-wise appropriate. And that was a big opportunity. I think the ports are going to be a greater opportunity going forward. We did bring our gift-giving. Part of that increase in expense was bringing in our gift-giving early and making sure that we weren't caught by the ports. So we're in great position. But I think later, we're going to yield a great opportunity from the goods that haven't gotten through for most vendors and retailers as of yet.
Mark Montagna-Avondale Partners: And then just getting back to the issue at the winter coats, historically when you have in the early cold fourth quarter, like we're having right now, does the industry have a run-out of winter coats, because so many retailers over the past 10 years have been burned on winter coats and it seems like a lot had cut back?
Ernie Herrman: It hasn't. Over the years, Mark, I've watched that cycle. We try to predict that as well based on the one year that's warmer, will they cut back, because they think next year will be warm again. Across the whole industry, it all kind of evens out, because some guys know that you can't predict it that way. It's not that simple. The weather doesn't always follow like in every other year, you know what I mean, which I think is what you're getting at, every other year pattern. We have run into maybe not the exact specific coats, but we haven't run into like enough coats in total if we wanted to continue to do it, and to drive the business. In addition, our relationships in Europe are just at a different level than they've ever been. And Europe offers a number of new resources for us in the outerwear area that we've been already capitalizing on. But when it comes to fourth quarter, we can go after some of those vendors even harder. So I think we have more doors to open now. And that's not really a concern. One of the things we have been doing also is starting off with a little different weight of goods. I think Carol mentioned that. So that's also helped us to have a better flow in the way we go in. And I think probably some of the vendors realizing they're trying to draw a middle ground in the type of goods they carry, and I think that probably helps in getting a little more bullish on cutting goods as well.
Operator: Our final question today is from Laura Champine.
Laura Champine-Canaccord Genuity: So, Carol, it sounds like you're pretty excited about the holidays and availability is great, but you've maintained the guidance for sales for Q4. Why not go ahead and raise Q4 sales guidance?
Carol Meyrowitz: Why would I do that? I would rather beat it. It's important to be conservative. We feel very good and our job is to try to beat it.
Laura Champine-Canaccord Genuity: You don't give monthly comps anymore, but is there any color you can give us on how the quarter progressed last year?
Carol Meyrowitz: The only thing I can tell you is we had a strong November, but as I said, we're off to a very strong start. We had a strong December last year, and we got hit very hard in January with the weather. So I do think that we probably won't get hit as hard in the weather, because there were a lot of storms. I think our strategy is much better in terms of weather-proofing and where we're shipping our goods. I think our gift-giving is much stronger than a year ago. I think our flow is better than a year ago. And I think our marketing just in general is a lot stronger. So I look at all of those as opportunities.
Laura Champine-Canaccord Genuity: Got it. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, everyone, and I look forward to reporting the fourth quarter to you. And have a great holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-08-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer Deb McConnell - Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Oliver Chen - Citi Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities Jeffrey Stein - Northcoast Research Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Robert Drbul - Nomura Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Roxanne Meyer - UBS Brian Tunick - JPMorgan Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners John Kernan - Cowen Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee David Mann - Johnson Rice Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar Sandra Barker - Montag & Caldwell
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, August 19, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Elan. And before I begin, good morning everyone and Deb has a few words.
Deb McConnell - Global Communications: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitations, the Form 10-K filed April 1, 2014. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now, I will turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So, let me begin by saying that I am extremely pleased with our second quarter results. Adjusted earnings per share increased 14%, which was above our expectations and over an 18% increase last year. Consolidated comp store sales grew 3% at the high end of our plans and over 4% increase last year. We were delighted to see both sales and customer traffic gain momentum throughout the quarter with positive traffic in July. This is the beauty of our flexible business model despite a highly promotional retail environment in the second quarter and strong comparisons to last year. We drove strong sales and EPS increases and solid merchandise margins. Further, we accomplished this while continuing to invest in e-com, our infrastructure and organization to support our growth and has always delivered extreme values to our customers. Over 37-year history, we have sustained steady sales and earnings growth through many types of economic retail and consumer environments. This includes 22 consecutive quarters of consolidated comp store sales increases. With our strong second quarter performance, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance which Scott will take you through in a moment. The third quarter is off to a solid start and we have many exciting initiatives planned for the back half of the year. We remain confident, we will achieve our plans for 2014 and beyond, and as always, we will strive to beat them. As we approach $30 billion in annual sales, we are convinced that there are still tremendous opportunities. Today, I want to share with you our pillars of growth. I will also discuss the key advantages that we believe differentiate TJX in the retail industry and position us so well to pursue our U.S. and international growth plans. So, before I continue, I will turn the call over to Scott to recap some of the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Carol and good morning everyone. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%, which was at the high end of our plan. Our second quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. Customer traffic was essentially flat for the second quarter and positive in July compared to last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.73 compared with last years $0.66. Second quarter earnings per share include a $0.02 extinguishment of debt charge related to their early redemption of the companys $400 million 4.2% notes due August 2015. Excluding this charge, adjusted earnings per share were $0.75, a 14% increase over last year, which was above the high end of our plan. Foreign exchange had a neutral impact on earnings per share, which is the same as last years neutral impact. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12% for the quarter. On an adjusted basis, excluding an approximately 30 basis point impact from the debt extinguishment charge, the consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.3%, up 30 basis points versus last year. Gross profit margin was 28.6%, down 20 basis points versus the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to the negative impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our hedging instruments as well as the impacted e-commerce and merchandise margins. Merchandise margins were flat for the second quarter. For our brick-and-mortar businesses only, merchandise margins were slightly up. In addition, we had some buying and occupancy deleverage in the quarter. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.2%, down 50 basis points versus last years ratio largely due to a favorable adjustment to our insurance reserves based on improved claims experience as well as other cost savings. At the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were flat on a constant currency basis. We begin the third quarter in an excellent inventory position and ready to take advantage of the plentiful buying opportunities in the marketplace. In terms of share repurchases, during the second quarter, we bought back $440 million of TJX stock retiring 8 million shares. Year-to-date, we have retired 14 million shares buying back $800 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. As we announced in June, we completed the sale of $750 million of 2.75% 7-year notes. We took advantage of an attractive marketplace to refinance our $400 million 4.2% notes due 2015 and to use the remainder of the net proceeds for working capital in other general corporate purposes. As a reminder, with our international operations approximately half of our cash remains outside of the U.S. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a very conservative balance sheet. Further, we remain committed to maintaining our very strong credit ratings and continuing our share buyback and dividend programs. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol. And I will recap our third quarter back half and full year fiscal 15 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our growth strategy and key advantages, I will share some additional color on our second quarter performance by division. In the U.S., Marmaxx comps increased 2%, over 4% increase last year. Segment profit margin was up 20 basis points and merchandise margins were flat including the negative impact from our e-commerce businesses. For our brick-and-mortar businesses only, merchandise margins were slightly up. Customer traffic improved every month of the quarter versus last year and was slightly positive in July. We were also very pleased with the improvement of our apparel businesses, particularly ladies apparel. As we discussed on our last call, in the first quarter, we had some execution issues in juniors and dresses. I am happy to say that we saw improvement in those categories in the second quarter. That said, there is always work we can do to execute even better. I can tell you that when we speak something, we can improve when not patient in fixing it. Going forward, we have very exciting initiatives planned for the back half to drive traffic and plan to bring our gift giving, up another notch this holiday season. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps were up 5% over 8% growth last year and segment profit margin was up 40 basis points. We are even more excited about HomeGoods excellent new store performance in its new markets as we believe this bodes well for the continued growth of this division. We are thrilled about our prospects for HomeGoods. To support its future growth, we are planning to open a new distribution center for HomeGoods in the back half of this year.  Moving to our international division, TJX Canadas results significantly improved in the second quarter. Comps increased 3% versus 2% last year and segment profit margin excluding foreign currency was up 130 basis points with improved merchandise margins. We are very pleased with our Marshalls business as we continued to rollout this chain across Canada. TJX Europe drove another terrific quarter. Comp increased 6%, over 6% increase last year. Segment profit margin, excluding foreign currency, reached a second quarter record of 5.3%, up 30 basis points. We continue to see excellent performance across all of our European countries. It couldnt be more excited about our European business and our opportunities to open new countries in the future. As to e-commerce, we continue to be pleased with our overall online businesses in the U.S. and the UK. At tjmaxx.com we added mens luggage and sunglasses in the second quarter. We plan to keep adding more categories, but you will have to wait and see what they are. Further, we are focused on adding more brands and differentiating the selection from our stores to drive traffic in both directions. We are seeing most returns coming to our stores, which is the great way to enable us to introduce online shoppers to our physical stores. We continue to be very pleased with Sierra Trading and recently added Sierra to our TJX Rewards credit card program. We are also very excited about our new STP store opening next week, which I will discuss in a moment. Now, I will move to our confidence in continuing to drive profitable growth from many years to come and our four pillars for growth, driving comp sales, brick-and-mortar growth, e-commerce expansions and innovation. Starting with the first pillar, driving customer traffic and comp sales, we see enormous opportunities to gain U.S. and international consumer market share and we are pursuing them. We are still under-penetrated versus the U.S. department stores and see huge opportunities internationally. Our job is to get a bigger piece of the pie regardless of how big the pie is. We have many initiatives to gain new customers and to encourage our existing customers to shop us more often and shop more of our retail brands. We are leveraging our global marketing abilities and I believe we become better every year. At Marmaxx, through the back half 2014, we are increasing our total marketing spend and TV impressions and our commercials will be on TV even more weeks than last year. You will also be seeing more of our successful dual and tri-branding marketing campaign. I love our creative campaigns for the back half. I think they are our best yet. We also continue to use social media more effectively. We are happy with the growth of our social media followers and with their level of engagement. Further, we are delighted to launch our HomeGoods app called The Goods in July. Our TJX rewards loyalty program is another way we are attracting more customers, increasing their shopping frequency and encouraging more shopping across our chains. In the second quarter, we rolled out our access loyalty card nationwide in the U.S., which offers consumers a non-credit card choice and soft benefits such as early shopping hours. Our tests have shown that its a great way to invite more shoppers to join our loyalty program and for us to engage with them more frequently. We also continue to work on making our stores better everyday. We are on track with our plans to remodel about 250 stores across our chains this year as well as our development of our new Marshalls prototype. We see ourselves as fashion leaders and keep building the brand presence in our stores. Our customer satisfaction scores across all divisions continued to improve, but we are always striving to become even better. Above all, offering consumers amazing value is what I am convinced will keep driving customers to our stores. Value is our focus everyday. Now, to our second pillar of growth, which is our enormous brick-and-mortar potential. With over 3,200 stores today, we see the potential to grow to 5,150 stores long-term with our existing chains in our existing countries alone. The magnitude of our store growth opportunity, especially internationally is tremendous. Something we believe is often underappreciated externally. In North America alone, we see the potential to add over 1,400 new stores. Our new store performance continues to exceed our expectations, which gives us great confidence. Internationally, we could not be more excited about our growth potential. In Europe, we believe we can add more than 450 stores, which is more than double our existing base in just our current countries, with our current chains alone. We are on track to open 40 stores in Europe this year, up 25% from last year and may further accelerate the pace of store openings in 2015. Our 2014 plans include more than doubling the number of stores in Germany versus the prior year. Our new store performance across Europe continues to be excellent. We are looking forward to expanding into our next European countries, with our first few stores opening slated for Austria in the first half of 2015. We view this as a business, which we can support with our existing organization and infrastructure in Germany. Beyond Austria, we see a tremendous retail landscape for us in Europe. We remain the only brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of significant size in Europe. Looking beyond Europe, we are convinced our model can work in any country where consumers love great values on brand name fashions. We see TJX in an excellent position to bring value around the world. Our next pillar is e-commerce expansion. While its still early, we are very pleased with our e-commerce businesses and see online as the growth vehicle for the future. Some investors have asked why we are not moving faster online. To be clear, we are taking a deliberate approach to growing e-commerce to ensure that online growth is incremental to our successful brick-and-mortar business. Its also important to note that we bought Sierra Trading, an e-commerce business that makes money and we are going to learn from them. We view online as another way to attract future generations of customers and offer shoppers 24/7 access to our values. Eventually, we can see e-commerce working for all of our retail brands. The fourth pillar is innovation. I truly believe we are leaders in innovation. We are constantly testing new ideas and developing new speed, which can lead to big things. At any one time, we can be testing over 100 different ideas throughout the company. We are always seeking the right categories, newness, current fashion, exciting new brands, along with analyzing new countries. As I mentioned, we have a Sierra Trading Post grand opening next week and just wait until you see it. This will be the first of two Sierra Trading Post stores in the Denver area, which leverage our deep brick-and-mortar experience. We are very enthusiastic about outdoor and the active categories and we see great promise in offering consumers more options in this space with our off-price values. Further, this can be another way to attract more male customers as Sierra reaches the higher percentage of mens than our other chains. We are convinced that our focus on innovation is what will drive our business now and in the future and will differentiate TJX from the rest of the retail world. To support our growth domestically and internationally, we continue to reinvest in the business. Our key investments include new stores, store remodels, e-commerce, supply chain, which includes our new planning and allocation systems, teaching and talent. Its important to note that we view all of these investments as top line drivers. Moving on, I want to spend a moment on TJXs key advantages that we believe differentiate our company and set us up extremely well for the future. First is our global leverage, which we are convinced sets us apart from so many other retailers. We have decades of international experience and have built a world class team operationally, infrastructure, and have infrastructure in five countries outside of the U.S. Our no walls communication is key. We have a true global awareness and are gaining even more leverage as we grow internationally. The major way we are leveraging our business globally is our sourcing universe. We see ourselves as a global sourcing machine. We have built a world-class buying organization over nearly four decades, that is 900 people strong and we plan to keep growing it. We sourced merchandise from a universe of more than 16,000 vendors in over 75 countries. We keep opening new vendors all over the world and I believe we are very far from done. We are also leveraging our relationships to bring the newest fashion to all our chains. We truly believe that there are few other retailers that can offer the eclectic mix you will see in our stores or build new categories as quickly as we do. Next, we are one of the most flexible retailers in the world. Our flexible store format and nimbleness allow us to react to changing market trends and consumer taste. We serve an extremely wide demographic reach, which we believe is one of the broadest in retail. We attract shoppers with extremely large range of household incomes. And of course, our leadership in innovation, which is discussed earlier, is another important differentiator. We see all of these elements of our business as major advantages for TJX that differentiate us from so many other retailers. None of these factors are easy to replicate. Most importantly, we are convinced as these key advantages set us up extremely well as we continue our path becoming a $40 billion plus retailer. So, in summing up, we are extremely pleased with our second quarter results. The first quarter is off to a solid start and we are excited about the back half. We have many initiatives planned to drive customer traffic in the near and long-term. We see a marketplace loaded with branded quality goods. We are working to up our game even further with our marketing, gift-giving, and most importantly, our values. Every year, we look at the glass as half empty to see what can we do to raise the bar on execution. Long-term, we are very confident in the huge opportunities we see for our business in driving comp sales, U.S. and international store growth, e-commerce expansion and innovation. We remain very confident in our near and long-term goals. And as a management team, we always strive to surpass our goals. And now, I will turn the call back to Scott to go through guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Carol. Now, to fiscal 15 guidance beginning with the full year, as we noted in our press release today, we are raising our adjusted full year diluted earnings per share guidance. On a reported basis, we expect fiscal 15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.08 to $3.16. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $0.02, we now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.18 over $2.94 in fiscal 14. This reflects our above plan second quarter EPS results. As a reminder, fiscal 14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our guidance for full year adjusted EPS would be 10% to 12% over the prior years adjusted $2.83. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.2%. On an adjusted basis, excluding the debt extinguishment charge, we continue to expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 basis points to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal 14. This reflects expected gross margins of 28.3% to 28.5%, which will be down 20 basis points to flat versus fiscal 14. We anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.1% to 16.2%, a 10 to 20 basis point improvement versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on full year EPS versus a $0.01 positive impact last year. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.71 to $1.80, excluding the $0.11 benefit  tax benefit in the third quarter of fiscal 14, this would be a 10% to 15% increase over last years adjusted $1.56. This guidance is based on consolidated comp store sales growth in the range of 1% to 2%. We are planning pre-tax profit margins to be 12.3% to 12.7%, flat to up 40 basis points over last year. This EPS guidance also includes a $0.01 per share positive impact from foreign currency exchange rates versus a $0.01 per share positive impact last year. Now, to third quarter guidance, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.85. Excluding $0.11 tax benefit in the third quarter of fiscal 14, this would be an 8% to 13% increase over last years adjusted $0.75 per share, which was 21% above the prior year. We are assuming third quarter consolidated sales in the $7.3 billion to $7.5 billion range. This is based on comp sales growth in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. Third quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 12.4% to 12.8% range, down 20 to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 29.0% to 29.3%, down 30 basis points to flat versus the prior year. We are expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be 16.4% versus 16.6% last year. Foreign currency rates are expected to have a $0.01 positive impact on EPS this year versus a neutral impact last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 37.7% and net interest expense of about $10 million. We anticipated a weighted average share count of approximately $700 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.90 to $0.94 compared to $0.81 last year. This guidance assumes consolidated comp sales growth of 1% to 2%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from the levels at the end of the quarter. Now, we are happy to take your questions to keep the call on schedule. We are going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thanks. (Operator Instructions) Our first today is from Omar Saad (ISI Group).
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning. Really nice quarter guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Carol, big picture question on traffic, its obviously just a question thats been plaguing retail in general over the last few years. I wanted to kind of get your big picture thoughts on what you have been seeing the last several quarters? How you are thinking about physical traffic, especially in strip centers, where maybe some of your cohorts in those centers are kind of the electronics retailers or book retailers, some of the ones that have their bulls eye right on their back in terms of losing share to the internet. Is TJ now the primary driver in a lot of those centers and how you think about it long-term? That would be great. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, I think you got to take it center by center in terms of are we the ones that are driving the traffic to the center. We think  we look at our traffic. We have done a lot of things in terms of marketing, a lot of initiatives that I think we are starting to see the fruits of our labor. And I think we have a lot of initiatives going forward that are going to drive traffic. So, in terms of real estate, we are going to always look at the best deal, the best shopping center, the best situation. So, we are feeling very positive about the second quarter and month by month. So, we are just going to keep driving our traffic as hard as we can.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson (Bank of America Merrill Lynch).
Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the e-commerce business, how dilutive was it to the quarters merchandise margin? Is this business profitable? And how big do you think it could get over time?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, its very small. And I think I have to put e-commerce in perspective, because we are close to a $30 billion business and our e-commerce is a little bit more than 1% of our business. So, we really look at it as defensive and offensive to really drive traffic to both brick-and-mortar and give our customers the convenience of being able to shop us. So, we will continue to invest in it. We are very pleased our average order value in our tjmaxx.com is very high. Its actually over $100, which is very exciting. Whats even more exciting is an opportunity to offer the runway to over 900 stores that dont have the runway. So, we are going to continue investing. We love Sierra. We are learning a lot, but we are going to do it slow, because we do want to make money.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Oliver Chen (Citi).
Oliver Chen - Citi: Hi. Congratulations on awesome results. Regarding the gross margin guidance, what is the main driver there in terms of the dynamics of March margin? Also as you do step up gift giving and the opportunity there going forward, is it  are you planning to offer a stronger value if there is any more insight into whats the opportunity there? That would be great. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, to the back half on pretty much gross margin and merchandise margins, they are planned up. Our gift giving, every single year, we look at it and we try to I will say raise the bar in terms of the value. We have learned a lot from each year. And this year we have some exciting things that we are doing in our stores that are going to be very different than a year ago and pretty exciting. We also have a whole new marketing campaign, thats both Ernie and I love. So, we have a lot of initiatives going on. We had a pretty strong December last year. We think we can again up our game and we are really looking forward to the back half.
Oliver Chen - Citi: Thanks. And just a quick follow-up, your inventory management has been so superior, whats on the horizon for planning and allocation over a longer term?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So, we have been working on our planning and allocation systems. And probably one of the first things that we are focusing on is to be able to expand countries. So, we are looking at that and we are continuing to build as we have talked about it being able to deliver the right goods to the right store at the right time. So, we are excited about that. Primarily, we are looking at these as sales drivers. And obviously if we drive sales and we bring fresh, more freshness more frequently to stores, it may mitigate markdowns, but that remains to be seen. We are keeping our inventories probably by the end of the year pretty much flat to LY.
Oliver Chen - Citi: Thanks. Congrats and best regards.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez (Wells Fargo Securities).
Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities: Hey, thanks guys. You said that traffic picked up in July. Just wondering if there was any one division in particular that that was more pronounced or was it across the board? And then also, I was just curious about the size of the reversal on the insurance reserves or the adjustment, I should say? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, you can see by the comp. So, our traffic was pretty strong in HomeGoods. It was strong in Europe and Canada. And we also saw the improvement in Marmaxx as we went through the months. So, Scott, you want to talk about insurance?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Paul, well, I will talk about in terms of our SG&A beat to guidance, the adjustment to the insurance service represented the largest factor in the beat, but it wasnt the majority of the beat to guidance. In addition, Paul we had cost savings that were really spread across multiple areas and divisions with no one item to call out. So its really how I would parse that.
Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator: And your next question is from Jeffrey Stein (Northcoast Research).
Jeffrey Stein - Northcoast Research: Yes, just a couple of questions real quick. First, Carol I am kind of intrigued by the potential to use your e-commerce business as a traffic driver, one of your competitors last week indicated that they are getting over 70% of their returns from their online business into their stores and I am wondering is it that high or maybe even higher for your business and how important do you see e-commerce as a traffic driver?
Carol Meyrowitz: Its actually higher than on our returns, so we are kind of thrilled about that. Its still early in the game and we are really looking at measuring and putting our stats together, but we are definitely seeing that the customers coming back to the stores and buying. We havent quite measured it yet, but I think we are feeling pretty positive about it.
Jeffrey Stein - Northcoast Research: Great. And could you talk a little bit about your marketing plans for the back half of the year, are you planning to increase marketing spend as a percent of sales and how much would you guesstimate your marketing impressions will be up in the back half? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: So we are planning pretty much flat the dollars, but our impressions are going to be up. And we are leveraging our tri-branding and we are pretty excited about that. And as always we will go through the third quarter and reevaluate the fourth quarter where we want to go. But more importantly, some of the initiatives that we started in the second quarter, such as our TJX Reward card and adding Sierra Trading and our loyalty we think some of that will start to set in even stronger in the back half. So again, we really like our marketing plan for the back half.
Jeffrey Stein - Northcoast Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger (Morgan Stanley).
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. I will add my congratulations as well on a great quarter. My questions are on the gross margin, can you talk about the reasons behind the B&O deleverage in the second quarter, is that sort of temporary or is that a lasting headwind. And I assume that the 10 basis points of the 20 basis points decline was actually the FX hits from the Canadian division, could you just confirm if thats the right assumption there?
Scott Goldenberg: Overall, as there is always there is a bit of rounding and when you are doing rounding to the 10 basis points, so yes the FX was 10 basis points. And the occupancy was some of that, but its not a full 10 basis points. It was some of the deleverage to get down to the flat excluding  when you exclude FX and some of the B&O and some of the e-commerce impact on the overall gross margin. So its really a combination of the 10 basis points for the FX and other two components we talked about.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood, thats super helpful. And then just to clarify, I think Carol mentioned that e-commerce had a little bit of merchandise margin pressure within the Marmaxx division, even with that I think you said Marmaxx was flat, in terms of the e-commerce business pressure, is that really from the Sierra Trading Post side of the equation or are you actually seeing a touch of merchandise margin pressure on the tjx.com or the tjmaxx.com website as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Its a combination.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Its internally  again the merchandise margins at Marmaxx were up slightly when you exclude the e-commerce businesses. And its a little bit of both, from both STP and tjmaxx.com in terms of margin pressure.
Carol Meyrowitz: Which is in our plans.
Scott Goldenberg: Which again is in the plans.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks and good luck for the second half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Grambling (Goldman Sachs).
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You talked about the under-penetration versus the department stores, as it pertains to the consumer. Is there any detail that you can provide on who that consumer is or you are still going after? And as a correlation maybe you can expand on how the customer base is involved and how you are seeing any differences from the customer base online versus in-store? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, its too early to really analyze the customer online versus our stores. Our job is just to gain customers. We have talked about gaining younger customers, which we have been doing, but its really across the board, because we have such a wide demographic. I just think its a big opportunity and to teach them about values and also price.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: So, just to confirm it is that younger customer base that you feel like you are under penetrated?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think its across the board, because the percentages are so high in terms of the opportunity, but we are focused on the younger customer.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. Best of luck in the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Drbul (Nomura).
Robert Drbul - Nomura: Hi, good morning. Scott, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the new store openings across the formats and sort of how they have been performing versus the plan?
Scott Goldenberg: No real change there, Robert, in terms of new store performance. All four of our divisions continued to outperform their performance as we have been talking about for the last seven years and  the last several years, so consistently in very big beats as you would expect, as we have been talking about in Europe, HomeGoods is in continued beats and our TJX Canada and Marmaxx businesses, so no change there and these are significant beats to our performance.
Robert Drbul - Nomura: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe (Stifel Nicolaus).
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Well, thanks very much guys. You mentioned HomeGoods getting a new distribution center I am wondering what the distribution center outlook is for the whole chain both domestically and internationally, where your capacity is and where it needs to go to achieve the 5,000 store growth?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think honestly we just added Phoenix, which is huge for Marmaxx and we are in our plans as the HomeGoods DC, so that should set us up for quite a while. So, we dont see any huge, huge expenses in the future, probably for at least I would say two to three years.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: So, overseas is okay as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we are in very good shape overseas.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer (UBS).
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: Great, thanks and congratulations on a great quarter. Your inventory was extremely well positioned, but I am just wondering if you could comment on the carryover inventory at the end of the quarter from the Marmaxx division? And then secondly as you think about new store growth for Marmaxx and actually for all of your U.S. divisions, I am just wondering if you are contemplating other types of formats and locations aside from the traditional strip center and where we could see our stores popping up over time? Thanks a lot.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Let me  your first question I am not quite understanding because we dont have carryover.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: I guess I would say more clearance type of inventory thats maybe more tied to summer product?
Ernie Herrman: No, in the stores. Yes, we are very  Roxanne, we are very clean in the stores, in fact our inventory, well, its been lean off season and with given the second quarter with sales picking up, our clearance levels are very under control. No real liabilities there.
Carol Meyrowitz: I can tell you its positioning very well.
Ernie Herrman: Very well, yes.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of formats, Roxanne we go for the best deal. If it makes sense for us we do it. If its a larger format, we go for it, a smaller format, we are always looking for real estate opportunities and are we heading to all the A malls? No, we are not, but we see again the flexibility and the variety that we can deal with is really an advantage for us.
Ernie Herrman: And that applies to actually all the countries we have tried different formats, but like Carol said, we are very opportunistic when we do it. So, if there is a site that we think its right demos and traffic, even if the layout is not traditional, we will flex them be in the type of building we will do small, large, different configuration. So, we are pretty flexible.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: Great, thanks so much and best of luck in the third quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick (JPMorgan).
Brian Tunick - JPMorgan: Thanks. I will add my congrats as well. I guess two questions. One, maybe Carol, the longer term view for Marmaxx merchandise margins, just trying to think through the puts and takes there, so the promotional environment the last year or two very heightened, curious about your views to remain 30% below your competitors price points versus your supply chain and in-store inventory initiatives, so just whats your view longer term and where you think Marmaxx merchandise margins can go? And then the second question on HomeGoods, can you maybe talk about the acceleration you saw in the quarter? It sounds like a tougher big ticket quarter out there. So, what drove the improvement and also wondering if you think J.C. Penney is in that competitive set for HomeGoods? Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean, first of all I am going to answer the HomeGoods question, because our business across the board in HomeGoods is really absolutely sensational. So, whether its big ticket or small ticket and I cant answer the Penney question, because we didnt see deterioration  we didnt see the increase when Penneys business was tough and vice-versa. So, we dont see that as an impact. Marmaxx, we plan our margins pretty flat to slightly up. They did a fantastic job this quarter with a slight increase in the brick-and-mortar business, which I think is sensational. And as I said, as we deliver more often and we do get our systems in. Hopefully, we will reap some additional benefits from that, but I think its prudent for us to just plan conservatively and beat our plans. So, thats the way we are looking at the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Baker (Deutsche Bank).
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Just curious as to what you are seeing with the department stores and the promotional environment. I think their inventories seems to be coming back in line, so are they as promotional as you think they were in the last few quarters or is that any sign thats being alleviated? And then one other quick one if I could slide it in, your comp guidance for the next quarter is 1% to 2%, I think going into this quarter, you were guiding to something higher than I think it was 2% to 3%. Was that 2% to 3% for this quarter, was that just because of the weather shift or is there some other reason why you wouldnt take the third quarter with comp as well this quarter? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Some of its marketing, some of its weather, but look Michael, I hope we beat the 1% to 2%. Thats where our heads are at. Ernie, you want to answer from promotional, the gap?
Ernie Herrman: Sure. Michael, I think the environment I would say like in the second quarter, it felt a little more promotional I think than last year. And I think the business environment is a little mixed out there. So, we react  our model fortunately is we are buying so close in that we are reacting to whatever the environment is. Certainly, the market continues to have plentiful availability and I guess at the end of the day thats our biggest hedge against all of that situation. So, we are always watching the environment. It does seem like it could get that way. We are about to enter a third quarter, where I would guess it will be typical to last year, because its the beginning of the fall season, so tough to predict, tough to predict, but our model allows us to flex according to whatever happens there.
Scott Goldenberg: And Michael, I will just add in also when you look at the third quarter  the second quarter versus the third quarter, we are planning it pretty similar on a 2-year and 3-year stack in terms of our comp. So, I think its just planning it pretty similar to the way we plan the second quarter.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Understood. Thanks, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick McKeever (MKM Partners).
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Hi, good morning, everyone. Question on e-commerce and the question is are any of the learnings, lets say, the e-commerce learnings, are you learning anything that applies to potentially applies to bricks and mortar? I am thinking about the high average ticket and the fact that you have all this knowledge on where the customer is. So, one thing I was wondering is if the high average ticket implies perhaps that the runway sales are pretty strong and might you roll that concept out to more stores for example in different places where you might not have thought it would work?
Carol Meyrowitz: So Patrick, we probably wont rollout the runway to too many more stores, we will do some. And its  we really look at it as a back and forth and the opportunity to get a lot more email addresses and communicate with the customer. So I keep going back to its offensive and defensive. And its an opportunity to really leverage both and thats the way we look at it.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Just to clarify, you said it was less than 1% of total sales?
Carol Meyrowitz: A little (more) than 1%.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Little more than 1%? Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Kernan (Cowen).
John Kernan - Cowen: Hi guys, good morning. Just a question on Europe, it seems there is obviously a lot of momentum on the comp side of things and also on the margin side of things, what is  in terms of new markets you are identifying what are you seeing and what gives you such confidence you can take it out of your existing  take the concept out of your existing markets? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, I think we have been really analyzing the last several years and we are pretty clear in terms of our  the countries that we know we can move into that we can leverage and we have been working pretty hard on countries beyond that. So I think I will go back to some of the mistakes we made in the past which is something we are not going to do in the future. And the mix in itself and Ernie can talk to that has been so talk about raising the bar on the mix in Europe that we believe today it works in many countries in a very different way than it would years ago. But we are pretty clear on exactly what mix goes into what country in the future.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I think John, we have I think Carol was alluding to this. We have developed the organization over the last couple of years to ensure that the mix is appropriate in each country and we take each market step by step with a lot of analysis before we go there. But the model works in many, many countries as we have shown in Poland and Germany which profitability wise are right there where we need them to be in a relatively short time. So we are feeling very bullish because our organization is in place and we dont just jump into a country without the amount of research ahead of time. And we are now certainly not doing it without the organization in place to make sure that the mix is appropriate in that country. And I think those are two of the big learnings that we have had of the past and thats why we feel confident going forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think John, the other thing is Europe and just in last quarter has opened hundreds of new vendors. So we are even more excited about it because the opportunities are really vast.
Scott Goldenberg: And our buying teams are actually we are buying from numerous locations. So we are also in a place now where we are able to create a mix in different markets that will really can fit the mix, we can learn after we go in, but we really have a strong buying organization now supporting the Europe business.
John Kernan - Cowen: Okay. So I am sorry and thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow (Sterne Agee).
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one I think you guys mentioned that our store traffic was positive in Europe, HomeGoods in Canada and the traffic for the quarter was flat, does that imply that the Marmaxx traffic was a little negative for the quarter and then any geographic reads of Marmaxx in the quarter too will great?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. We the traffic in Marmaxx ended up being up in July and pretty much flat across the board, right.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Okay. Any geographic trends for Marmaxx in the quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: So, basically we have positive, the traffic was pretty much across the board by region, pretty much positive from Q1. And the areas that were affected by weather were also in a positive trend. We didnt see any major differences by the region.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from David Mann (Johnson Rice).
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Yes, thank you. You called out some of the improvement in apparel, but if I remember in the first quarter, your accessory jewelry area was pretty strong. So, I was curious if you could talk a little bit about that category? Are you seeing some weakening in the footwear and accessory area and any thoughts about that?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Actually, our accessory business is very strong. Jewelry is exceptional. So those areas are still trending very well for us.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Very good. One quick follow-up, earlier the comment about current availability, I am just curious when you have seen in the past that department stores improve their management of inventory, have you seen any deterioration in the availability in the ensuing quarters after thats gone on?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, absolutely not. And if anything its positive for us. It means that they are in control of their inventory. That means that the ticket is in good shape. Its always positive for us. I can say it 100 times and I will say it again we could be $40 billion, we could be $50 billion and there is more goods than we could ever take. Everyday we are having that conversation. The availability is vast and the quality of it is terrific and we dont see that changing in the back half at all. Yet I think you have to realize when you are dealing with 900 buyers across the globe and the number of vendors, Scott is laughing, because we said 16,000 and the number keeps growing. Its a quite a job to control all that quite frankly. And thats what we do best, but we are  there is more goods than we could ever, ever buy.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Carol, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro (The Retail Tracker).
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Hey, guys. Congratulations.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hey.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I had a really quick question on the marketing, because you said the spend was up in the back half. Does that include HomeGoods and what will it be up as well in Canada and Europe or is this just specifically in the U.S. that you are increasing the marketing?
Carol Meyrowitz: The impressions are pretty much up across the board. And its a variety depending on the divisions, some divisions are  they are higher in terms of TV. Others money is being shifted in terms of social. So, it is really pretty much across the board. The impressions are up in the back half.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Fantastic. Best of luck for the fall season guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now having said that, we will reevaluate it also after the third quarter and if we feel that we need to put more spend to it, we certainly will, but I think we are feeling pretty good about our plans right now.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Fantastic. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine (Canaccord Genuity).
Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity: Good morning. Carol, you mentioned that you might accelerate the growth in the TJMaxx division next year. Can you give us any more color on to what magnitude you might do that?
Carol Meyrowitz: We will in January. At our year end call, we will tell you our plans.
Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity: Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Bridget Weishaar (Morningstar).
Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar: Good morning. Congratulations, again. You called out that TJX Canada had really performed well and it certainly did with the comps much improved and the margins. Can you just talk a little bit about whats driving that and is the margin improvement mostly due to leverage or also merchandise margins? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think all three of us will answer that. First of all, weather is always, it got a little bit better in the second quarter. And Scott, you want to talk about the margins and Ernie maybe a little bit about Canadas business?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, I think the comps were better than we had anticipated. So, we got some leverage on the three comp. The merchandise margin was better than we had  again we also had than we had planned internally. We have mitigated more than we have thought in terms of the FX impact on the mark-on. So, that was favorable and we had some favorable cost savings and some benefit of some timing of expenses that did benefit us in the second quarter that were planned in the second half, but they are baked into our second half guidance at this point.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think also when the weather was difficult in first quarter that created additional opportunities in the market. So the good thing is our merchants up there kept their liquidity, which is always Carol was talking earlier about how difficult it is to hold back sometimes with so much goods out there, but in Canada, we did do a good job. The team I thought did a great job of taking advantage of market opportunities going to the second quarter. And if you look of the nice thing that we without giving any specifics is we had an uptick in businesses across the board, whether it was apparel or accessories, even our home business. So, again, I think a lot of it was good execution of the opportunities that were in the marketplace, so
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other point is we have a great team focused on Marshalls too and our Marshalls business
Ernie Herrman: Is very strong.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are very pleased with. So, again, Ernie has really built the infrastructure in that team there similar to Europe. So, we will start to leverage that.
Scott Goldenberg: And one other component, I mean, we obviously had the weather impact in sales in the first quarter. They went into the quarter with inventories well-controlled and maintained that.
Ernie Herrman: Open to buy control.
Scott Goldenberg: Open to buy, they had the good, they had the above  had the good comp and so obviously translated into some markdown savings as well.
Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sandra Barker (Montag & Caldwell).
Sandra Barker - Montag & Caldwell: Could you talk a little bit more about online just in terms of the lower margins? Does that have to do with scale? Does it have to do with mix? Does it have to do with free shipping? I mean, whats the most significant difference there and do you expect that to continue going forward?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think its a combination of all the above. And I dont  there arent a lot of e-commerce businesses out there that are making a ton of money. And I think we are very happy with Sierra. We are learning. We do want to make money with our e-com business and  but more importantly, I keep coming back to  we want to balance pushing the customer to brick-and-mortar and back. So, we have a lot of plans. Its early games, its early now. I can say it a million times, its 1%, a little bit more than 1%, but we feel very good about some of our thoughts going forward and we will keep learning, but we are going to do it carefully.
Scott Goldenberg: I mean, just to echo a little on what Carol said, I mean, its less than one year old, our tjmaxx.com business. And as with any small business, you dont leverage  yet you are  we are nowhere near leveraging the scale of our buying organizations and the rest of the infrastructure as we grow it. So, we would expect it to get better as we move forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: Our plans are certainly to get better.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks everyone and I look forward to reporting on the third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect at this time. Thank you for participating.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-05-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer Deb McConnell - Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Oliver Chen - Citi Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Omar Saad - ISI Group Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Roxanne Meyer - UBS Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Bob Drbul - Nomura Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners Jerry Gray - Cowen David Mann - Johnson Rice Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar Sandra Barker - Montag & Caldwell
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, May 20, 2014. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elan. And before we begin, Deb has a few comments.
Deb McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 1, 2014. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website, tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Deb on the call are Ernie Herrman; and Scott Goldenberg. Our first quarter consolidated comp sales increased 1% and earnings per share was $0.64 versus $0.62 last year. Our EPS results were $0.01 below our expectations as the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates was $0.01 more than our guidance assumed. While sales were not as strong as we would have liked, especially in apparel, we were pleased to see overall business trends improve as the quarter progressed, and we are very well-positioned as we entered the second quarter. While we clearly saw dampened consumer demand for apparel in some of our North American regions during the first quarter, having learned from the fourth quarter I am pleased with the way manage our inventory. We were extremely strategic in how we flowed inventories to particular regions and categories. Expenses were also tightly controlled. All of this helped mitigate the impact of markdowns overall. Further, I could not be happier with TJX Europe, which delivered another spectacular quarter. This bodes very well for our future growth plans in Europe as we expand our international footprint. We entered the second quarter with lean inventories, and we see a marketplace absolutely loaded with buying opportunities for quality, branded merchandise. We are well-positioned to take advantage of these opportunities. We are maintaining our EPS and comp outlook for the remainder of the year and are confident we will achieve our plans for 2014. Scott will cover guidance later. On todays call, I will reiterate the magnitude of the top and bottom line growth opportunities we see for our business. We remain convinced that TJX will grow to be a $40 billion company and beyond. But before I continue I will turn the call over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol, and good morning, everyone. Again, our first quarter consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%, and we were pleased to see sales trends pick up as we move through the quarter. Our first quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. While customer traffic was slightly down for the quarter, we did see improvement as the quarter progressed. Diluted earnings per share were $0.64 versus $0.62 last year, and $0.01 below the low end of our expected range. The mark-to-market adjustment on our inventory related hedges had a $0.02 negative impact on earnings per share, which was $0.01 more than we contemplated in our guidance. As a reminder, we had a $0.01 negative impact from FX last year. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 11.3% for the quarter, down 50 basis points versus last year due to a decline in gross margins. Gross profit margin was 27.9%, down 50 basis points versus the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower merchandise margins versus strong improvement last year and expense deleverage on the 1% comp. In addition, the mark-to-market adjustment I just mentioned also had a negative impact. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was unchanged from last year's ratio as expenses were tightly managed. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were down 1% in constant currency. This was versus substantial decreases in the last couple of years. We begin the second quarter in a lean inventory position, which enables us to take advantage of the abundant buying opportunities in the marketplace. In terms of share repurchases, during the first quarter, we bought back $360 million of TJX stock retiring 6 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.6 billion to 1.7 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a 21% increase in the per share dividend in April, marking the 18th consecutive year of dividend increases. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our second quarter and full-year fiscal 15 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our global growth opportunities, I will share some comments on the first quarter performance by division. In the U.S., Marmaxx comps were flat with last year and segment profit margin decreased 60 basis points. This was primarily due to expense deleverage on the comp, as well as 10 basis points of deleverage from our e-commerce businesses and slightly higher utility costs. We are pleased that Marmaxx held merchandise margins relatively flat on a flat comp. This is a testament to Marmaxx slowing inventory vary strategically, feeding regions and categories where trends was stronger and maintaining lean inventories where business was softer. Where we weather was a factor, there was as much as 4 point comp spread with less impacted regions. We also see some execution issues in our junior and dress businesses that we are currently addressing. As always, we evaluate and work to improve what we are not happy with, and we are confident we will fix these issues. Our strongest category was total accessories and the jewelry businesses. Going forward, Marmaxx has some exciting marketing plans in order to drive traffic in the second quarter and the back half. Home Goods delivered a 3% comp increase on top of 7% growth last year, and segment profit margin was up 10 basis points over last years significant increase. We are very pleased with HomeGoods ability to continue driving strong performance over strong comparison. Now for international division, at TJX Canada, comp sales were down 1% and adjusted segment profit margin decreased 210 basis points. We believe the severe weather across Canada had a significant negative impact on both customer traffic and demand for spring apparel. Further, as we expected, the decline in Canadian dollar pressured our merchandise margins. We were encouraged to see business trends improved by the end of the quarter. TJX Europe delivered another outstanding quarter, comp sales increased 8% over 4% increase last year, and adjusted segment profit margin was up 180 basis points. We continue to see broad-based strength across the different geographies, economic climate, and consumer environments in which we operate, which is very encouraging for our growth prospects in Europe. We are very excited about our German business, which is delivering terrific performance. As to e-commerce, we were pleased with the performance of our online businesses overall in the first quarter, which was above our plan. At tjmaxx.com, we continue to add more categories and open more vendors. We are investing carefully as we learn more about our online including the differentiation from brick-and-mortar stores. Now to the magnitude of our global growth opportunity, first, we see huge potential to gain additional U.S. and international customers. We believe our customer penetration levels in the U.S. remain below those of most department stores and the opportunity to expand our international reach is vast. We continue to target a very wide customer demographic. As we work to drive customer traffic, we plan to be even more aggressive with our marketing. In the second quarter, we have significant increase planned in our overall media impressions in the U.S. and U.K. Our TJX rewards loyalty program is another way we can attract more customers, increase shopping frequency and encourage shopping across our chain. We are expanding our successful credit card loyalty program to including a non-credit card choice. Weve seen from our test, its a great way to invite even more customers to join our loyalty program and have plans to rollout this new option nationwide in the U.S. in the second quarter. We know that customers who shop more than one of our retail brands spend considerably more with us on average and we see the loyalty program is a way to better engage with them. Our customer satisfaction scores across divisions keep going up, yet we still see room for improvement. We are focused on raising the bar as always. We continue to upgrade the shopping experience in our stores, across all of our chains we plan to remodel approximately 250 stores in 2014. We are also on track with our plans for our new Marshalls prototype. We see ourselves as leaders in innovation. We are constantly testing new ideas and seeking the right product categories, current fashion and top brand. We are excited about our plan to open two new Sierra Trading Post stores this fall. We really like the outdoor space and see this initiative as a way to offer more categories and brand that are not in our stores today. Now to our vast store growth opportunities, with over 3,200 stores today we see the potential to grow to 5,150 stores long-term that would be about 60% more stores than our existing base, with just our current chain in our current market alone. We have many reasons giving us confidence. At Marmaxx we see the potential to grow our largest most profitable division to 3,000 stores long-term. That represents almost the 1,000 more stores than today. The performance of our new stores remains excellent, which underscores our confidence. Further we are successfully co-loading -- co-locating stores closer to one another, while keeping cannibalization levels where we would expect. We believe HomeGoods ultimately has a potential to be a chain of 825 stores, which certainly could be conservative. HomeGoods new store performance is also terrific. There are about 100 markets where we operate the T.J. Maxx or Marshalls without HomeGoods which speaks to the opportunity. At TJX Canada, we see the potential to grow the 450 stores long-term, which includes growing Marshalls to 100 stores in Canada. We believe our 20 plus years of experience and knowledge will continue to serve us well as we further our Canadian expansion. At TJX Europe we see enormous growth potential for TJX. Long-term we believe we can be more -- we can more than double our current store base to 875 stores surely with our existing chains in our existing countries. As a reminder in 2014, we planed to accelerate the pace of our store openings in Europe to 40 stores, which is 25% more than last year. This includes more than doubling the number of openings in Germany versus the prior year. To support our growth in Europe we have added more resources to our real estate group which is helping us to secure some amazing locations. We also see vast opportunity to expand beyond our existing country. We are working on entering our next European country with plans to open our first few stores in Austria in first half of 2015. Beyond Austria, we believe our off-price concept can work in any country where consumers love great fashion brands and quality, all are great value. TJX Europe is the major part of our future growth plan and I couldn't be more excited about the opportunities for this business. We are the only brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of significant size in Europe. We have decades of experience and knowledge that cannot easily be replicated. Beyond the success of our brick-and-mortar businesses, we see e-commerce as another long-term growth vehicle for TJX. We view online as another way to attract new customers and drive traffic, both to our websites and stores. Our e-commerce businesses offer consumers the convenience to shop our values 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We remain delivered in our approach to e-commerce growth. We plan to keep adding more categories and increasing our assortment on T.J. Maxx.com, offering consumers even more online choices at amazing value. In addition, we could now be happier with our acquisition of Sierra Trading Post both on the standpoint of its online businesses as well as brick-and-mortar growth potential in the outdoor value based for the future. In closing, we are in an excellent position as we enter the second quarter and remainder of 2014. We like our lean inventory levels, are in a great position to buy into plentiful opportunities we see in the marketplace. Were delighted to offer consumers amazing values both in our stores and online. We keep raising the bar on fashion, brands, quality and price. To drive customer traffic, we have many marketing initiatives underway. We are significantly increasing our marketing impressions in the U.S. and the U.K. in the second quarter. We are also very excited about our planned nationwide expansion of our loyalty program. We keep testing new seeds. Innovation is our DNA. We are never complacent. To support our growth plans, we continue to invest in our supply chain and distribution network. We expect to begin a gradual rollout of our operating merchandise systems in the next couple of years. We are thrilled with TJX Europes performance which is sensational. Im so excited about our international growth opportunities including our plans to enter Austria in 2015. I have said this many times before but I will say it again. I truly believe its underappreciated how much time, energy and talent it takes to establish the infrastructure to build an off-price international business. Our EPS and comp outlook for the remainder of the year remains same as our original guidance. And we are confident that we will achieve our plan and as always we will strive to surpass our goals. This is a company that has grown successfully through strong and weak environment, which gives us great confidence. Over very -- over a very long history, we have a consistent track record of day sales and profit growth. We're very confident about the future of TJX as we bring our values around the world. And now Ill turn the call over to Scott to go through guidance and then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal 15 guidance, beginning with the full year. We now expect fiscal 15 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.17 over $2.94 in fiscal 14. We are lowering the high end of the range by $0.02 to reflect our first quarter results in maintaining our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, fiscal 14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, our full year expected EPS would be 8% to 12% over the prior year's adjusted $2.83. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2%. For the year, we continue to expect pretax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal 14. This now reflects expected gross margins of 28.3% to 28.6%, which would be down 20 basis points to up 10 basis points versus fiscal 14. And now -- and we now anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.2%, a 10 basis point improvement versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels are now expected to have a $0.02 negative impact on full year EPS versus $0.01 positive impact last year. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.74. This would be a 6% to 12% increase over the last year's $0.66 per share and on top of many years of double-digit EPS growth in the second quarter. Were assuming second quarter consolidated sales in the $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Second quarter pretax profit margins are planned to be in the 11.7% to 12.1% range, down 30 to up 10 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.5% to 28.8%, down 30 to flat versus the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be 16.6% versus 16.7% last year. Foreign currency rates, assuming current levels are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS this year, which is the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 37.7% and net interest expense of about $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 708 million. Again, our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks. And we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen - Citi: Hi. Congrats on the global success here. We just had a question on your gross margin guidance going forward. What does that anticipate for merchandise margin and how should we think about -- how merchandise margin had trended throughout the quarter that just elapsed, and what are the strategies for looking at that line item going forward? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, for Marmaxx in Q2, our merchandise margins are planned flat to slightly up. Scott, do you want to go over the aggregate?
Scott Goldenberg: Just to be clear, do you want more breakout on the first quarter gross profit margin?
Oliver Chen - Citi: Yes. Im curious like on a month-to-month, and if thats trended in any way, like that kind of corresponds to how we should think about them going forward? And then if the junior business is kind of related to this in terms of the opportunity you see there as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: So Oliver, in terms of merchandise, Im going to go back to Q1 for Marmaxx. Merchandise margins were fairly flat, which I think is a testament to the way they manage their inventories. But going forward, in Q2, we are planning them flat to slightly up. So I think were in pretty good shape. In terms of juniors, we missed some trends. The guys are working on it. We have a couple of execution issues, and I feel pretty good that were going to be fixing them in the near future, but are you asking -- did I answer your question or?
Oliver Chen - Citi: Yeah. Thats clear. Thank you. Thank you. Thats encouraging.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Grambling.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, one quick follow-up to that. Could you just provide a little bit more color on the puts and takes to the merch margin in the first quarter as it relates to kind of initial markups and -- versus markdowns?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So, on the gross profit margin decrease, I mean it was a combination as we said between the merch margin and deleverage on the one comp, so we had 10 basis points due to mark-to-market, a portion also due to buying and occupancy deleverage, and then the rest of it was due to merchandise margin miss. And again, that was a combination of a couple of items. It was due to Canada that we had a miss due to the currency -- the devaluation of the currency compared to the U.S., so the mark on dropped there. We also had some additional mark-ons at both Canada and Marmaxx due to the performance of sales versus our plan at the low end, and that was really -- but having said that as Carol said, Marmaxx still was relatively flat overall, in addition
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Most of it was driven by markdowns.
Scott Goldenberg: Markdowns.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Our markup is pretty healthy.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thats helpful. One other follow-up if I may. Just as you are talking about entering Austria in the first half of 15, can you provide a little bit more detail on the investments required to make that happen as it relates to talent, distribution, and maybe how quickly you think you can ramp there versus other markets? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Pretty leveraged. Ernie, do you want to comment?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Steve, actually -- I was just over in Europe last week, and one of the things we talked about is how its a pretty seamless entry for us really. We get to leverage most of our central buying and planning areas. Its more about talent acquisition in terms of the field, you know the first few stores that we open. So, on that front, very little talent needed on top of what we already have.
Carol Meyrowitz: We think the mix is very similar to Germany, unlike going from the U.K. to Germany.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: So, even talent would come from Germany versus pulling people in?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Carol Meyrowitz: We didnt need extra people, no.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Thanks. I think a pretty good result given everything thats going on out there. I would like to dive in a little bit on the power and flexibility of the model that served the company so well, the ability to react and respond. Can you talk about either big picture or maybe some examples of kind of whats been happening last couple quarters? What you've learned, areas where you can be more flexible and some areas where maybe it's been a little bit harder? Especially from the -- with extremely cold weather, maybe how could you -- were there places where you could have been a little bit better positioned for that cold weather in terms of the business' ability to be flexible? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: You know what, we learn from every quarter and I think we learned from the fourth quarter, which is why Marmaxx merchandise margins were in pretty good shape. However, if I look back and I said what else could be learned for next year, which is what we do, I would probably feed the warmers zones a little bit heavier, and I would probably again pull back a little bit on the northern regions and switch a little bit in category. So they made some pretty big moves, but I still think there is some room there -- a spectacular quarter. But you know what, we move on and for the year, I am not going to use the world weather too many times because we are excited about the year, and we believe in the model for the year certainly.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Thanks, Carol.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company: Hi, good morning. Just I guess a little bit of follow-up in thinking about the fourth quarter and then into the first quarter. Maybe just if you could kind of help us better understand the companys strategy during lets say a period when sales are a little bit light , I think a lot of us are so used to the company you are very nimble, you are able to react late in the season. What in terms of just the way you run the business lets say results in a situation where you find that you are taking some greater markdowns. Given how lean you run the business and how kind of late you make buying decisions relative to full price? Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: So obviously, our home business was spectacular as you saw in home goods in Europe. That was pretty consistent in terms of whether the business was great. I will reiterate, every quarter, we evaluate and we have certain businesses that are extremely strong and we are feeding into them. Our inventory position is spectacular right now. We are more open to buy than we had a year ago. We are actually turning faster in Marmaxx than we did a year ago, and as we go through the quarter and as we transition for each quarter, especially first and fourth quarter, we are going to take into consideration all of the patterns that we have seen and do some tweaking with that, and thats usually how we get better each quarter.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company: So is it fair to say that to some degree because you want to have the sales floor very fresh, that if you find that for whatever reason the product isn't quite selling the way you expected for weather or other reasons, that you just choose to basically move it out right then as opposed to holding it in the store?  
Carol Meyrowitz: What we do is, I mean, we look at every single category and we would see certain categories harder in the north that are less weather, we call weather proofing. And then we would see the southern zones of the warmers climate is a little bit heavier and thats a tweaking we do.
Scott Goldenberg: And Daniel if I could just jump in. The other thing is we did keep it as Carol mentioned earlier. We kept inventories lean even in the places where we would get or categories we would get hit by the weather. And so really the liability in terms of any major lumps and the inventories dont create, thats one reason there are much nice margins held in there pretty well. Even with the category where the weather was hitting it, we will lean so the liability wasnt major and that the flexibility. I think when you first talk -- when you talk fourth quarter and first quarter, thats kind of how we run it all the time. And then we chase. So we generally dont -- we chase the trends. So we dont have to own a huge liability really in any category.
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean ARPU we could have pushed inventories in Marmaxx and have higher sales, but we probably would have add more markdowns and you are always making -- you know you are always balancing that. Having said that, specifically, there are definitely areas that we could put more inventory into that would drives sales in areas that we dont need to feed. And those are tweaks we would make.
Scott Goldenberg: Which we do ongoing all the time right every quarter
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company: All right. Well, thanks,guys. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is (indiscernible) filling in for Brian. Thanks for taking our question. We wanted to ask about Europe. Comps have been clearing very strong now for 10 quarters in a row. So were wondering who you think you're gaining share from in Europe and how your marketing initiatives compare to the ones in U.S.? And now from a real estate perspective, you clearly have pretty ambitious store opening plans, actually both in the U.S. and Europe. But I guess its easier for us to see here where you may be getting these larger boxes that further downsizing at some department stores and maybe even consolidation among office suppliers retailers. So, wanted to see if real estate dynamics are similar in Europe as well and maybe if there are any retailers that you want to or look to co-locate within Europe. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Look, first of all, we believe in Europe. We are taking a bit of share from everyone. I mean, we see everyone as our competition. Off-price is very new to Europe not to U.K. because weve been there for a long time. But in Germany, it is very new and people are very, very excited about it. In terms of the real estate Ernie and the team had put on quite a few additional people that are seeking sites which is why we are able to increase our count in Germany and obviously go into Austria and we will see how that goes. But its a matter of manning it and continuing to build and leverage the infrastructure that we have that took us 20 years to build.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask you if theres anything we should think about in terms of market share. JCPenney did better this quarter in a quarter where your comps didn't do as well. I mean, its sounds to me as if it's a lot of weather. But just wondering if you think some of the JCPenney doing a little bit better has any impact. And I guess really after you answer that, just explain to us how you understand that. What specifically you look at to get an indication as to how a situation like that might be impacting you guys? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Michael, we do a pretty deep analytical study on stores that are next to our stores, stores that are within a mile away, three miles away, five miles away. And quite frankly, we didnt see the impact when Penneys comps were substantially down and were really not seeing an impact going the other way, but we do a deep dive and we analyze it.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thats helpful. One more quick one. It sounds like you said your outlook for the balance of the year isnt changed, but youre now looking at 2% to 3% comps in the second quarter. Is that what you would have been planning all along? Or does that -- a reflection of maybe you lost some weather business in the first quarter but think that comes back into the second quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: There is a little bit of pent-up demand. Ernie and I feel, there are couple of areas that we can execute a little bit better, and our marketing impressions are up 35% in Marmaxx and we're really excited about some of things that we are doing in our loyalty program in Marmaxx.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: And you would view our all long plans for those impressions to be up, or that was a shift when you saw the business meter?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, that was just our plan.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: That's also part of our analyzing Q1 into Q2, the weather patterns, all of that. That's where we wanted to put our dollars.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: Great. Good morning. Just looking at 1Q, I know this is probably difficult to parse out, but you mentioned a 4% comp differential in weather impacted regions versus none. I'm just wondering if in total you can describe how much weather was an impact overall to our 1Q shortfall at Marmaxx versus the impact of dresses and juniors underperforming? And how do you feel about the inventory specifically in the dresses and juniors category and how long maybe it could take to right size that inventory? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, as I said before, probably, we would certainly be at the high end of our range on looking at the numbers. We cant come up with an exact specific number but it's pretty clear to us, when we look at the different regions and areas that it was probably about four points in Marmaxx. It was actually more than that in HomeGoods, so it did hit us. In terms of both categories, dresses and juniors are improving. I think we are going to see a substantial improvement in the second quarter and we are working on it. I can't give you specific numbers and I dont usually do that. But we're working on it. And usually as a company, we fix things pretty quickly.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: Great. Thank you so much.
Scott Goldenberg: I would also jump in at the weather analysis that Carol was talking about. If you ever did, I guess dollar it out to figure out the impact that would be far greater than junior dress business execution impact. Yeah impact, I think you had asked that in your question.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS: I see. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. Can you give any update you can give us on stores opened in the last one or two years, new store productivity kind of by chain, how does that look?
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually the productivity of our new stores is sensational, to say the least. It just continues to be incredibly strong. We are getting better and better at our sites there. Brand new stores and their performance is incredible, both Marmaxx and HomeGoods actually every chain. We are very happy with new store performance.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Thats great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Stein
Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research: Good morning, Carol. I would like to delve into your loyalty program a little bit. Can you talk about the number of members you have currently, the average spend and how you intend to, kind of get the word out that you dont have to be a credit card holder to join the program?
Carol Meyrowitz: So you are asking me for some things Im not going to give you. But what I will tell you is we tested the loyalty program in several markets last year and we saw a substantial increase in the number of visits. And we are rolling that out across the country starting really today through June. So we're pretty excited about it, and there are a lot of special some things like stores opening early for that customer, giving them e-mail information on things that are coming into the store. We have several little trigger points that we have been testing over the last year. So this is very, very exciting to us. So, we will see what happens when it rolls out.
Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research: Can you talk at all about the average spend of the loyalty customer versus non-loyalty?
Carol Meyrowitz: I dont go -- our loyal customers spend a great deal more but more importantly, the visits are substantially up.
Jeff Stein - Northcoast Research: Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Hey, guys. Congrats. Great job in a miserable first quarter weather. If you could give me just a quick update on -- you talked about Home and HomeGoods but any update on it? Was it as strong as the Marmaxx Group? And then some of the smaller departments within Marmaxx tend to pick up where the peril is weak link like, whether it's beauty or fitness or footwear. Could you just talk about some of those offsets other than accessories which I think you touched on? 
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Marni, I dont usually do a deep dive into our categories for competitive reasons. But HomeGoods and Marmaxx was pretty strong, big furniture. We had some issues with some of our big-ticket items. But generally, home across the board was certainly stronger than apparel. I will tell you that women's apparel has increased dramatically coming into May. So we are pretty pleased with that, but across-the-board, the categories were pretty similar in most divisions.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Fantastic. Thank you, guys. Best of luck for the second quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Drbul.
Bob Drbul - Nomura: Hi. Good morning. Just had a question on the -- in the movement around increasing marketing impressions in the U.S. and the U.K., can you give us, just an example over the last few quarters, when you were able to make those investments and where you sort of significantly outperformed the quarter and the confidence level that you have in sort of a change in the trend on traffic around these investments?
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, its hard to measure very specifically, but I think it's usually a combination of how you market and the number of impressions. So we have a group of things going on, which you will see from TV, social media, Facebook which we have millions and millions of people and it's really a combination. So we are pretty excited about our plans. But I think a big piece of it is going to the loyalty piece of it also. But you cant measure specific question equal this.
Bob Drbul - Nomura: Okay. Okay. And then just on the store expansion plans, are you seeing increased competition for real estate that's impacting your plans at all?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, there is always competition for real estate but we are not having any issues in selling the number of stores we need at the appropriate ROI. And we think that there will probably be some opportunities going forward. There are some specific changes that are certainly not in business and are planning on closing quite a few stores. I think that is going to be an opportunity for us.
Scott Goldenberg: No difference than in the past.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah.
Bob Drbul - Nomura: Okay.
Scott Goldenberg: And just to mention, we are really in a good place in terms of where we are positioned on new store opening targets going forward, so we are feeling very good about where we look going forward.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are filling to our open to buy hopefully. And Ernie has a complete open-to-buy in Europe, if its beyond the 40 stores.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine
Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity: Good morning. Carol, you mentioned stepping up your marketing this quarter, when was that decision made and what drove that decision? Is it an expectation that people want more apparel now that the weather is more normal or am I reading too much into it?
Carol Meyrowitz: No. Weve laid it out. It was a strategy that we laid out at the end of the year. Again, we learned from the fourth quarter. We look at -- we look at each corner and what it can be. We try to mitigate what we think of the negative impacts. We try to take advantage of what we think are positive and we felt that this was a very good strategy.
Laura Champine - Canaccord Genuity: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners: Hi. A question about inventory, you've been reducing some of the levels per store. Are we at the point where you've gotten halfway down to where your target is, or if there is more to go? And then within juniors, Carol, do you expect the merchandise to be at your level of expectations by back-to-school?
Carol Meyrowitz: I would hope so. Im answering that question either way.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners: Okay.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. As far as our inventory levels, we are certainly halfway is not -- we are not going to be halfway leaner, but what we are going to do is continue to deliver the stores more frequently, more freshness, which allows you to have leaner inventories. So there are two things. We still have some room there but in addition, we have some opportunities to feed the stores individually, what's driving their individual sales and thats what all this investment in systems is all about to the future. And were doing some different foundational things that are going to allow us to expand internationally a little bit better than we are today. So were really setting things up and investing for the future. That will give us an opportunity to hopefully move a little bit faster.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners: Okay. Yeah. When I said halfway, I mean, is it fair to say that the majority of your per-store inventory reductions are in the past and there's a little bit less more to go?
Carol Meyrowitz: Theres less more to go, but I think there could be some sales opportunity.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just wondering if you could give us a little additional color on tjmaxx.com -- just how it's ramping since the launch in the fall and if anything there has surprised you, either positively or negatively? Just also wondering if you're still as bullish on that opportunity as you were in the fall and what the plans might be for perhaps a marshalls.com or to extend it into other concepts? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think, what were learning is were increasing our SKUs, were increasing our categories. Were very pleased with the business, certainly since the launch. We have in our plans to continue the investment and we're very pleased with it. We want to again make sure that were differentiating because we want to build the thing the right way and we keep learning. And I think once we cycle a year, well have a lot more information on newness in customer, whats bringing us back into brick-and-mortar. We are seeing most of returns coming back to the stores which is terrific. But well have a lot more analytics to it. But our goal right now is just build tjmaxx.com as big as we can get it.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: And then just a question on, what was said earlier on the weather impact at Marmaxx. Did you say it was about 4 points of same-store sales? 
Carol Meyrowitz: Versus the -- yeah. Just in the group of stores that we felt was impacted by weather.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Okay. So four point. Okay. Thanks for that.
Carol Meyrowitz: It would have been closer to the high end of guidance.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Okay. Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Kernan.
Jerry Gray: Hi. This is Jerry Gray on for John. I just have a question about the assumptions that are built into your SG&A guidance. It seems like you have some increased marketing dollars and then some investments in the real estate team and accelerating store growth in Europe. And I was just wondering if you could give us some more details on what's driving the leverage in your assumptions? Thank you.
- Cowen: Hi. This is Jerry Gray on for John. I just have a question about the assumptions that are built into your SG&A guidance. It seems like you have some increased marketing dollars and then some investments in the real estate team and accelerating store growth in Europe. And I was just wondering if you could give us some more details on what's driving the leverage in your assumptions? Thank you.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So all the above is built into the plans and all those were built into the original plans. So just to reiterate what Carol said today, our plans for the back half of the year in the second quarter were what we gave or reflected in our February guidance. But in terms of the SG&A, again no major changes. There is some leverage due to anniversarying some spend in our technology investments, some of that is due to our datacenter move which is almost complete, so that some of the benefit in the rest of the year. And also, we had expenses last year in the back half of the year related to some of our home office moves, again which were anniversarying and are built into some of the favorability that are implied in our guidance for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Mann.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. In terms of what youre seeing in the channel, in terms of merchandise availability, can you talk a little bit about the pricing youre seeing of goods, or any material change there one way or the other?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, David. The market also as Carol mentioned earlier is really loaded and across most categories and across most sectors whether its more moderate goods or the better brands. And with that, there is often time, especially given the weather situation, many vendors and manufacturers experienced ramifications of that weather. So were seeing some pricing than weve seen in the past. Our objective is to always maintain strong relationships with our vendors. So amidst all the better pricing we want to have the consistent approach that is a partnership with our vendor community, but the pricing has definitely gotten sharper over the last I would say 60 days.
Carol Meyrowitz: I would also tell you David that I think were even opening more some additional very unique vendors. So its pretty exciting out there.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: And then generally speaking, when you see a period like this where it might see some incremental improvement in pricing to you, is your intention to bank that or potentially -- you think you're going to need to use that to be more aggressive in pricing to the customer?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think its up to each buyer and what they do is really balance their mix, so we may buy something that are like zero margin and then we think it's appropriate. We put them out. There might be a mix that has high margin. But as I said were generally planning our margins slightly up in our big box and we feel we will achieve that with outrageous values.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bridget Weishaar.
Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar: Yes. Good morning. In the past, you've discussed that differentiating between the brands is key to placing stores close together. Can you discuss how you're going about doing this and how you would like to define the brands within the increased marketing messaging?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. Bridget, we dont talk about how we differentiate. In fact, specifically the brands have separate marketing agencies, teams. The way we brand is very different and we differentiate in many, many ways and we look at that every day. The buyer that buys for T.J. Maxx and Marshalls is the same buyer, so they have the ability to differentiate. And they know exactly how to ship to a store to make it look different. So thats been since day one.
Scott Goldenberg: We physically -- and youre in the U.S. if you look at even the way our HomeGoods stores are fixtured physically from where our Marmaxx stores in the home areas are fixtured, we take a different approach. We make sure that Marshalls and T.J. Maxx physically they look different in size, in addition to what Carol have mentioned. So on all fronts, whether its marketing or the physical plan or certainly the merchandise mix, we have plans in place for differentiation.
Carol Meyrowitz: However, the one thing they do, do is leverage together. Its great because they can see and say, I want to put this here, I want to put this there. So they really all know what's going on with each other and are able to leverage it.
Bridget Weishaar - Morningstar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Sandra Barker.
Sandra Barker - Montag & Caldwell: Yes, just to clarify on traffic, was it back to positive by the end of the quarter? You said it improved. And then just more broadly on the competitive environment, obviously it's hard to tease out how much was weather. But as you see -- it's already been talked about that Penny is recovering, but some department stores did better. And then Rack also, Nordstrom Rack, had a very strong comp, obviously they are somewhat differently located geographically. But could you just take about the competitive environment more broadly? So two questions, traffic and weather?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. I mean, well start with the competitive environment. We have that all the time. As weather hit a lot of people, most people got aggressive. I think they'll continue to, I think there is a promotional environment. But I think our business model in itself is absolutely terrific and provide very well in all environment. And we will take full advantage of it. Not going to specifically talk about traffic each month but I mean, well improve and it did improve. And we were slightly down with our ticket up for the quarter.
Operator: And Im showing no further questions at this time.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone. And we look forward to reporting on our second quarter. Thank you and thanks lan.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol Meyrowitz  CEO Debra McConnell  IR Scott Goldenberg  EVP and CFO Ernie Herrman  President
Analysts:  Omar Saad  ISI Group Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus Roxanne Meyer  UBS Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Jeffery Stein  Northcoast Research Kimberly Greenberger  Morgan Stanley Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets Brian Tunick  JPMorgan Oliver Chen  Citi Heather Balsky  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Drbul  Nomura Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, February 26, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elan, and good morning, everyone. So before we begin, Deb has a few comments to make.
Debra McConnell: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 2, 2013. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release in the Investor Information section of our website, tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in todays press release or otherwise posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now Ill turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Debra on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. 2013 was another successful year for TJX on top of many great years. Earnings per share increased 15% which was above our plan. We achieved this growth over last years robust 24% adjusted EPS growth on a 52-week basis. Over the last five years, our compound annual adjusted EPS growth was a strong 24%. Consolidated comp sales increased 3% in line with our plan, and over last years very strong 7% increase. Excluding the extra week last year, three of our four divisions delivered the highest annual segment profit margin in their histories. Our 2013 performance once again demonstrates the power and resiliency of our off-price business model. With our value, mission and enormous flexibility, we drove excellent results in a very competitive retail environment. Value remains top of mind for todays consumer, and we are convinced that our values will continue to attract U.S. and international customers. Today, I want to share with you the magnitude of our top and bottom line growth opportunities. While we are approaching $30 billion in annual sales, we see tremendous global growth potential ahead for TJX. We are maintaining our 10% to 13% long-term annual EPS growth model, while continuing to invest in our future growth. As always, we will strive to surpass our goals, which we have done successfully for the last five years. We are in excellent position as we begin a new year, and are well on our road to becoming a $40 billion company and beyond. Before I continue, Ill turn this call over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Beginning with our full year fiscal 14 results. Again consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% on a 52-week comparable basis on top of four years of comp increases of 4% or higher. Our full year comp increase was driven by ticket with traffic being slightly positive. On an adjusted basis, excluding the third quarter tax benefit of $0.11 per share, fiscal 14 diluted earnings per share were $2.83, a 15% increase over the prior years adjusted EPS of $2.47, which excludes the approximately 8% benefit from the 53rd week in fiscal 13. Fiscal 14 represents the fifth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share compared with the neutral impact last year. For the full year, consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 12.1%, on an adjusted basis, excluding the approximate 20 basis points benefit from the 53rd week in fiscal 13. Fiscal 14 pre-tax profit margin increased 40 basis points from last year. Gross profit margin was 28.5%, up 10 basis points over the prior year. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 16.3%, a 10 basis points improvement from last year, in line with our plans. For both gross profit and SG&A, Im comparing against reported 53-week results last year. So on an adjusted 52-week comparable basis, the year-over-year improvement was actually a bit better. Now to recap fourth quarter results. Consolidated comparable store sales increased 3% over last years 4% reported increased and a 7% increase in the prior year. Our fourth quarter comp was driven by an increase in ticket. Diluted earnings per share were $0.81, a 9% increase over the prior years adjusted EPS of $0.74 which excludes the approximately $0.08 benefit from the extra week last year. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 positive impact on earnings per share compared with the neutral impact last year. Consolidated pre-tax profit margins were 12.0%, excluding approximately 60 basis points benefit from the extra week in the fourth quarter of fiscal 13. This represents a 10 basis points increase from last year, due to SG&A favorability. Gross profit margin was 27.6%, down 100 basis points versus the prior year. This was due to a combination of factors. First, almost all of the 60 basis point benefit from the extra week in fiscal 13 was in gross margin. Secondly, merchandise margins decreased this year, primarily as a result of our aggressive pricing and markdowns in the fourth quarter. Carol will elaborate in just a moment. SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 15.6%, an improvement of 40 basis points versus the prior year. This was due to year-over-year favorability from a combination of items that negatively impacted last years ratio by about 50 basis points. At the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses and excluding in-transit and e-commerce inventories were down 8% in constant currency. We began the new fiscal year in a great inventory position with great flexibility to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. Now to some detail on the impact of FX on TJX Canada. The steep decline in the Canadian dollar had a negative impact on TJX Canadas merchandise margins in the fourth quarter. Let me explain further. TJX Canada buys over 50% of its merchandise in U.S. dollars. While our inventory hedges can help mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations, in fiscal 14, the Canadian dollar depreciated even more dramatically beyond the hedges that we placed throughout the year. Effectively, this increased our cost of goods bought in U.S. dollars. As always, we remain focused on our value gap with the competition and priced our merchandise accordingly. As a result, we had significant pressure on our merchandise margins, which is reflected in the 160 basis point decline in the adjusted segment margins at TJX Canada in the fourth quarter. Moving to our financial strength and excellent financial returns. Our business model continues to generate tremendous amounts of cash and superior financial returns. In fiscal 14, our ROIC reached 23%. This is up from 19% at the end of fiscal 10 and we believe is one of the highest among major retailers. We continue reinvesting in our growth and remain strongly committed to returning cash to our shareholders. We returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal 14 through our share repurchase and dividend programs. Even after increasing the shareholder distribution programs and our investments in the business, we still ended the year with $2.4 billion of cash and short-term investments. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 15 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks Scott. So before I discuss our global growth potential, Ill share some additional color on the fourth quarter. I am very happy with our holiday business, with sales in November and December well above our plans. We made a strategic decision to price our merchandise aggressively in the very promotional selling environment and deliver extreme values. While this pressured merchandise margins, we are convinced our value to help drive holiday sales and will keep customers coming back to our stores long-term. Well, I dont like talking about the weather unless I have to. In January, we believe the severe winter weather in most of the U.S. and Canada kept many shoppers home and did dampen sales. We stuck to our off-price discipline and took aggressive markdowns in January, particularly in apparel to clear the product. Although this impact in merchandise margins, it allowed us to begin the New Year with extremely clean inventories. This positions us well to capitalize on environment right for TJX. We see a marketplace absolutely loaded with buying opportunities for branded merchandise and a value-minded customer. I should also note that in the U.S. regions where weather generally wasnt unusual including the West Coast and Florida, trends continue to be strong. And at Marmaxx, our less weather sensitive categories, including home fashions, footwear, jewelry and accessories had the strongest performance. We believe all of this bodes well for when weather does improve. We are ready to ship fresh assortments at exciting prices and we are well positioned for 2014. Now to the magnitude of our U.S. and international growth opportunities. First, we see huge potential to gain consumer market share. As weve discussed before, while we have grown our customer base significantly over the last several years, our U.S. consumer penetration levels remain below those of most major department stores, which speaks to our opportunity. We believe Marshalls in Canada will help us grow in their country and the opportunity to expand our reach in Europe is back. Throughout 2013, we saw a greater percentage of younger shoppers among our new customers, while continuing to serve our core demographic. We attract household incomes anywhere from $50,000 up to millions of dollars and will continue to target a very wide customer demographic. To reach even more consumers, we are leveraging our global marketing capabilities. During the holiday season our tri-branding campaigns allowed us to leverage three of our retail brands at the same time in all intensely competitive environments. Further, we know that people who shop more than one of our chains on average spends considerably more on us. In 2014, we plan to become even more aggressive with our marketing with several more weeks of advertising activities in last year including TV, radio and social media. Weve tested some things last year, and we liked how they worked and have up our sleeves for this year. To retain the new shoppers, our marketing is attracting, and now are already loyal ones, we plan to keep upgrading the shopping experience in all of our chains. In 2014, we plan to remodel approximately 250 stores across the company. We are also working on a new Marshalls prototype in the U.S. Customer service is an ongoing focus for us. And we are pleased that our customer satisfaction scores increased in 2013. We still see a lot of opportunity for improvement and to raise the bar on our customer shopping experience. To keep wowing our shoppers with current fashion and trend right merchandise, we remained focus on building our brand presence in our stores. We are expanding our global sourcing to get even closer to the source of the product. Our vendor universe numbers over 16,000 vendors around the world. Of course we have exciting in-store initiative plans for this year, like youll have to visit our stores and see them for yourself. Now to our enormous global store growth potential. At our investor event last October, we raised our long-term store growth estimates to 5,150 stores and remain extremely confident in our potential. With over 3,200 stores today, we would be 60% more than our current base with just our existing chains in our existing markets alone. Ill briefly recap our potential beginning in the U.S. Long-term, we see Marmaxx growing at about 50% to 3,000 stores. As we discussed at the investor event, this reflects 400 more stores than our earlier estimate. Marmaxxs excellent new store performance and continued strong results give us great confidence. In 2013, comps increased 3%, over 6% increase last year. Marmaxx has averaged 5% comp growth in the last five years. Segment profit reached 14.6%. Excluding the extra week last year, this was a divisional record. Further, we are successfully locating stores closer to one another and co-locating more T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, while keeping cannibalization levels where we would expect. At HomeGoods, our long-term store growth estimate of 825 stores could be conservative. Some other U.S. home retailers currently operate over 1,000 stores. HomeGoods new store performance has also been terrific and its performance has been outstanding. HomeGoods posted a 7% comp in 2013 over 7% growth last year, and segment profit reached 12.9%, another divisional record. Over the last five years, HomeGoods sales had nearly doubled and segment profit had been increased eight fold. Internationally at TJX Canada, our long-term estimate of 450 stores represents 30% growth and reflects the potential to grow our Marshalls brand to about 100 stores. In 2013, TJX Canada comps were flat, while segment profit margin declined. It was in line with our plans for the year. We continue to be pleased with Marshalls in Canada where we saw business accelerate as the year progressed. At TJX Europe, we see vast potential for our company. We believe we can grow to 875 stores, more than double our current space with just our existing change in our existing European markets alone. This division delivered outstanding results in 2013 with comps up 6%, over 10% growth last year. Adjusted segment profit margins, excluding foreign currency reached 7.7%. This is another divisional record with 500 basis points of improvement in the last two years. We saw broad-based strength across the different geographies, economic climates and consumer environment in which we operate. With TJX Europe firmly on track, we plan to accelerate the pace of openings this year to 40 stores, which are 25% more than last year. In Germany, we expect to more than double the number of store openings versus last year. And in the U.K., we had planned opening in some fabulous locations. Beyond 2014, I am excited to announce we plan to open our first few stores in Austria in 2015. We see expansion into Austria as a natural extension of our European business. We have learned our lessons in Europe, and we are confident that we have the right infrastructure and organization in place to support this next move. We have been analyzing Austria for a long period of time and we are confident we know that marketplace and the customer. Im very excited about the strength of our European business and our international growth potential. In 2014, almost 25% of our store growth is planned in Europe. And in 2015, we plan to enter our next new country. We are one of the few U.S. retailers to have expanded successfully internationally and remain the only major brick and mortar off-price retailer in Europe. 2014 marks our 20th year in the U.K. and that experience is not easily replicated. Beyond brick and mortar, we see e-commerce as another major long-term opportunity for TJX. I am very pleased with our e-commerce business in 2013. We learned a lot, and see opportunities to leverage this channel even more. Customer response to our launch of tjmaxx.com last fall was better than expected. We are delighted to offer consumers the convenience to shop our values 24x7 and see e-commerce as an additional platform to attract new shoppers and drive traffic, both online and in our stores. In fact, the majority of tjmaxx.com returns are going to our stores. We see this as a great opportunity to introduce our stores to new customers who have discovered us online. We are very pleased with our acquisition of Sierra Trading Post. Beyond the smooth transition during its first year as part of TJX, were even more excited about the future opportunities we see to leverage knowledge and expertise in both directions. And in Europe, while e-commerce is a small piece of their business, were also pleased with the progress at tkmaxx.com. Longer term, we can eventually see e-commerce working for all of TJX retail brands. We will continue to take a deliberate approach to online growth, grow smart is our motto. Now Id want to cover some key points on why we see TJX so strongly positioned to achieve the next level of growth. First, we see ourselves as leaders in innovation. We are constantly seeking the right categories, newness, current fashion and exciting new brands. Were always testing new seeds and I am happy to share with you that later this year, we plan to open two new Sierra Trading Post stores. This will be a value-driven outdoor concept, based on the same off-price model of all of our stores. We are never complacent. We continue to invest in our supply chain and distribution network to support our growth. Our goal is to be even leaner and faster, delivering less inventory to our stores more often. While we are already very good at this, we believe we can become even better at shipping the right goods at the right stores at the right time. This is what helps create the treasure hunt experience of shopping in all our stores. As Ive discussed before, we are investing in merchandise systems initiatives that we believe will further enhance our supply chain precision. We are being very methodical with this initiative and expect to begin a gradual rollout next year. So in closing, we are very pleased with our performance in 2013. This marks another year of above planned results as we continue to demonstrate our ability to drive top and bottom line growth in both strong and weak retail environment. Looking ahead, we see tremendous near and long-term opportunities for TJX. We began the New Year with very clean inventories and well positioned to capitalize on the numerous buying opportunities we see. While many of the retailers are now focusing on value, at TJX, value has been our mission since day one. Although there may be a race among the rest of retail to the lowest price, we will always be about true value, which for us is a combination of fashion, brand, quality and price. We are delighted to offer customers the ability and convenience to shop in-stores and online. We are excited about our marketing ideas for 2014 and beyond. We continue testing new seeds including two new Sierra Trading Post stores this fall. We are leveraging four large synergistic divisions as we grow. Our three divisions other than Marmaxx are approaching or exceeding $3 billion in annual sales. So they are each big businesses in their own right. We are thrilled with TJX Europe, and we plan to enter our next European country in 2015. I could not be more excited about our international potential. TJX Europe is approaching $4 billion in annual sales and next to Marmaxx with second largest divisional contributor to our 2013 earnings growth. We see Europe as a big part of our future growth. To support the next level of growth for TJX overall, we continue to reinvest in our business. And lastly, our management team is laser focused on near-term execution, while setting our sights on our long-term strategic vision. We see TJX in an excellent position to bring value around the world. And now Ill turn it over to Scott to go through our guidance and then well open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks Carol. Now to fiscal 15 guidance beginning with the full year. For the full year, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.19 over $2.94 in fiscal 14. Again fiscal 14 included a tax benefit of $0.11. Excluding this benefit, fiscal 15 full year expected EPS would be 8% to 13% over the prior years adjusted $2.83. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated sales in the $28.8 billion to $29.2 billion range, a 5% to 6% increase over the prior year. For comp store sales, were assuming 1% to 2% increase, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%. This would be down 10 basis points, to up 20 basis points versus 12.1% in fiscal 14. Were planning gross profit margins to be 28.4% to 28.7%, which is down 10 basis points, to up 20 basis points versus fiscal 14. We expect SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.3%, flat with last year. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on full year EPS growth versus a $0.01 positive impact last year. In fiscal 15, we plan to continue to balance the use of cash between investing to support our growth and returning cash to shareholders. Similar to last year, were planning capital spending of about $975 million. We are planning investments in store growth and remodels, and we also continue our investments in our distribution network, systems and home office facilities. We are planning to stock buyback in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, and expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 21% on top of the 26% increase last year. Even with this level of shareholder distribution, we still plan to end fiscal 15 with $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion in cash, which provides significant financial flexibility. For modeling purposes, were planning a tax rate of 37.8%, net interest expense of approximately $35 million and a weighted average share count of 703 million shares. Now to Q1 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.66, a 5% to 6% increase over the last years $0.62 per share. There are several items that we have assumed will negatively impact our expected growth rate in the first quarter. These include; the reversal of the mark-to-market adjustment that benefited the fourth quarter, the negative impact of FX on TJX Canadas merchandise margins and the timing of some expenses. So our underlying growth rate without these items would be stronger than the numbers imply. Were assuming the first quarter consolidated sales in the $6.5 billion to $6.6 billion. This is based on comp sales growth in the 1% to 2% range on both, a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. First quarter pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 11.4% to 11.5% range, down 40 basis points to down 30 basis points versus the prior year. Were anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.1% to 28.2%, down 30 basis points to down 20 basis points versus the prior year. Were expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.5% to 16.6% range versus 16.5% last year. Foreign currency rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on EPS this year compared to a $0.01 negative impact last year. For modeling purposes, were anticipating a tax rate of 38.0% and net interest expense of about $9 million. We anticipate weighted average share count of approximate 713 million. Again, our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Ill wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal 15. On a consolidated basis, we plan to open about 182 stores, with about 10 planned closings. This would result in approximately 172 net new stores for a total of about 3,391 stores planned by year-end. This represents square footage growth of approximately 5%, which would be at the high end of our three year growth model. In the U.S. with the continued strong performance of Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we plan to continue our aggressive expansion of these businesses. Our plans call for us to net 75 new stores at Marmaxx and 35 new stores at HomeGoods. As Carol mentioned, we also plan to open two new Sierra Trading Post stores. Internationally at TJX Canada, we plan to add 20 new stores including 10 Marshalls stores. At TJX Europe, as Carol mentioned, we expect to increase our pace of openings by approximately 25% and add 40 new stores this year. Now we are happy to take your questions. To keep this call on schedule, we are going to continue to ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. We appreciate your cooperation with this. Thanks and well now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad  ISI Group: Thanks, good morning. Congrats on a great year guys. A question about the quarter. It was kind of on insane quarter with all the weather that you talked about, the shortened holiday period. Can you talk about either from a high level or maybe anecdotally how  some anecdotes around how you were able to kind of leverage the flexibility you guys have in your buying organization and your inventory flows to really deal with the quarter  to deal with all the volatility that was going on in the quarter? Itd be helpful to have a better understanding of how you were able to manage through it so well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well first of all, we actually  we ended our Q3 very lean, and our plan was to increase fresh flow a little bit higher than a year ago between November and December. And basically what we did is we made a decision that by year-end, we wanted to end very lean which I absolutely love our inventory positions. So as we started to get into November-December with sales were good, we did clear out cold weather goods pretty quickly. And then we took pretty aggressive markdowns in January, so that we would end the year nice and clean. And that was mostly on the apparel categories. Does that answer your question?
Omar Saad  ISI Group: Do you still have cold weather products in the store given that  yes, do you still have cold weather product in the store given the lingering cold weather or you already [indiscernible].
Carol Meyrowitz: No, were completely clean. We had very little cold weather even in January. We were pretty cleaned out by December.
Omar Saad  ISI Group: Got you. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, most of the markdowns were really on non-cold weather apparels. It was predominantly where we took our markdowns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks very much guys, and a good quarter despite some of the challenges. Just curious about your thoughts regarding the internet, both as a marketing and relationship building tool and obviously as, what appears to be an effective selling tool as well. You commented briefly on it and its been a while, Im wondering if your outlook for it has changed in the future?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So Im going to sort of repeat what I said because it really is so small to us. And its a building process and we are very, very pleased. We did beat our sales plan, but having said that, were getting close to $30 billion without e-commerce. So its just going to be something, were going to keep building weve learned. We have some interesting plans. And our intention long-term is to have all our brands, be able to sell to the customer online and in stores. What were particularly pleased about is the fact that most customers are returning  their returns are going back into the stores. So what we need to understand is new customers  are we gaining new customers? We have a lot of information, but we are very pleased with the launch. And we did make sure that we really satisfy the customer during the holiday period also. So we didnt really have any glitch in terms of getting it directly to the customer quickly, and thats really what we strive for our first back half out with tjmaxx.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: I got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer  UBS: Great, thanks. And let me add my congratulations on a terrific end to the year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Roxanne Meyer  UBS: Im just wondering in terms of your international expansion, plans going into Austria. Youve told us that as youve expanded into new markets, youve really needed to localize the product, and youve obviously pulled in some of your seasoned managers from the U.S. to go over to Europe. And Im just wondering how youre going to be approaching new markets from here, and what kind of further infrastructure investments or distribution investments youll need to make?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, I think right now weve been looking at a few places obviously. And we think that this is particularly interesting. And those eight million people, very high demographic and very similar to our German mix. So we really dont see any increase dramatically in infrastructure. Well put a slight amount into systems and thats really about it. And well have some other opportunities in the future too to leverage that way.
Ernie Herrman: Well Roxanne, Ill just jump in a little bit here also. As Carol said, our infrastructure  and weve talked about this couple of times I think over the last year or two. Were in pretty good shape in terms of our merchandising planning areas. Over there we call our merchandising area. So as we look at this is an extension of Germany, its really allowing us to not even distract the organization with any big type of initiative or new type of business. So it will be a pretty seamless transition into the few stores into Austria.
Roxanne Meyer  UBS: Great, thank you so much.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other thing that we should stress is that Ernie and his team had been looking at the country a few years out. So theyve really got the lay of the land. And that was very important. We have a team, and the infrastructure is absolutely there.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, as opposed to just jumping at this we did not  to Carols point, weve been talking about this for a while. So this was not a new  were new in announcing it, but weve looked at this for quite a while.
Carol Meyrowitz: Were really excited about Europe.
Roxanne Meyer  UBS: Great. Well, thank you so much, and best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks guys. So I wanted to ask about some of the department store competition, and they seem to be getting sharper in price, and I know generally bigger picture how you compete with that. But is that having impact on your business, and maybe part of that question is J.C. Penney and youre asked all the time and you say it does have an impact, but if you look at 2012 J.C. Penney gave up about $4 billion in sales, in 2013, it will be about $1 billion in sales and your comps did decelerate in 2013 versus 2012. Is that just coincidence, or are you gaining a less share from department stores in J.C. Penney in particular? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Look, we look at Penneys, we look at everyone. We really dont see that dramatically affecting our business at all. And in terms of the distance between us and being able to offer value, we dont see any issues there. There are more goods available. You have to understand first of all, we do businesses with over 16,000 vendors. We are global. We have the advantage of European fashion, domestic fashions, brands all over the world. That is very different than what is typical. So again we dont really see Penneys. We didnt see it a year ago or two years ago. We just need to keep executing well. In the fourth quarter, we definitely did get a little bit hurt by weather, but we are positioned extremely well for 2014. We will strive to beat our plan again.
Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is from Jeffery Stein.
Jeffery Stein  Northcoast Research: Good morning, Carol. Question on your strategy in the fourth quarter to be more promotional. Im wondering, A; was it reactive or proactive? And B; given the fact that it looks like the industry is probably going to come out of the fourth quarter with higher than normal inventory. What is your thinking strategically for the first quarter and first half of the year in terms of how youll price? Are you going to again be more promotional do you believe?
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks for asking that question, because we were very strategic in setting ourselves up for Q1. We have a lot more open to buy than we had a year ago. And the market is absolutely fresh. We thought that way. We knew that we wanted to end nice and clean and be very up to-date on our fashions in going forward. So we did ship a little bit more freshness in November and December than we did a year ago. And we paid a little bit more for that, but I think it was the right thing to do. But we also felt the right thing was to do to end very, very clean at the end of the quarter. And I mean Ernie, you want  the market is  again, Ernie is out there with his hammer every morning with the buyers.
Ernie Herrman: And we could feel it all year along from going back into the first half, the amount of availability which does always good. And it just built the little bit more than even in the past. So we were  as Carol said, going into fourth quarter, we were strategic and staying more liquid and open to buy. And the good thing with this model of business is when you do get hit with weather, that we get hit like anybody else but in the short-term, were able to take advantage of opportunities in the market. And so the challenge of course is to maintain that open to buy given all the goods that are out there. So our jobs right now are to keep all of the divisions from buying too much too soon because of that much of availability out there.
Jeffery Stein  Northcoast Research: So was the decision driven by what you saw in terms of the availability of open to buy, was it a reaction to what you saw from competitors in terms of what you did to get you into
Carol Meyrowitz: Its a combination.
Ernie Herrman: In terms of the pricing.
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. We hit pricing, but again we pushed some areas in December a little bit harder than we did the year before strategically. And those are the areas when the weather hit us a little bit in January, we got more aggressive, because we didnt want to be sitting with it. So its a combination and we said, lets be really lean because there is tons of great deals out there. So that was really a combination.
Jeffery Stein  Northcoast Research: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger  Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks so much. I am hoping you can talk about the rollout in Europe, and I know that there were a number of different strategies that you all employed for the rollout. Youre just beginning to do relative to the 08, 09 experience. And I am hoping you can just sort of go back in a little bit and talk to us about the sort of prep work youve done, so that we can look forward I think enhanced sales and margin growth in that region over time?
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly first of all, I said it a lot, that we have learned a lot. And we certainly took our heads several years ago. And you can see the progress. Again were planning Europe, quite a bit up next year again because we feel that the infrastructure and we feel that everything is in place to do business. Now, we have increased the number of stores. But having said that, were not going crazy by any means. And Ernie you can comment on the real estate. I think were in a great position there also.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Kimberly, I just got actually back from Europe a week and a half ago. And one of the things we talked about over there was the real estate that were going after and making  and showing that were going after quality sites and not forcing the issue of the number of real estates sites, really going after the quality sites, which in the past in 08, 09 I dont know if we did as good as job back then. Secondly, the other thing were doing a much better job on is we have the people in place. That is really the driver of any of these expansions with a number of stores. As long as we have the buying and merchandise planning areas intact and theyve been in their jobs a lot longer than they were back then. Were really able to  so really do a much better job in replenishing and shipping all of those stores. In addition, in order to ensure that our real estate that we are choosing going after as more strategic, we have staffed up aggressively over the last two years in terms of our real estate I guess dealmakers you call it, as well as our real estate market analysis. So that whole team now has  I dont know the exact number, but weve gone up in size quite significantly. And so were much more analytical when we open our stores over there. So all of those factors I think really make us feel very comfortable in ramping up over there.
Carol Meyrowitz: Also Kimberly, the fact that our second largest buying stores in Germany, isnt too shabby either. So we see opportunities to some pretty big volume stores in the high streets.
Ernie Herrman: In fact the second largest store in the corporation.
Carol Meyrowitz: In the corporation, right.
Kimberly Greenberger  Morgan Stanley: Well, terrific. Thank you so much, Carol.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co: Good morning. Congrats on a well-managed quarter. It gets interesting environment. Just had a bit of question on the traffic versus ticket dynamic. You indicated again in the fourth quarter that it was primarily if not all ticket. Just wondering how that kind of squares with what was a more promotional environment. What drove the ticket increase? Was there higher initial price or mix related, just what was that dynamic? And then going forward, would you expect more of a balance between traffic and ticket or would you expect sort of more ticket once again?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. So first of all, in terms of traffic, first and fourth quarter were our least  in terms of traffic, second and third where weather did affect us without a doubt when we got into January. So that was a little disappointing because going into November and December, we were pretty pleased. Our mix  the average ticket was driven by our mix. We really went after gift giving. Im not going to go into the details of certain categories, but we went into some categories that we thought would be really a wow to the customer. So our average ticket was really doing it by the mix. We felt our values were absolutely terrific. We have a lot of plans next year to drive traffic and we feel very good about it. We had a lot of tests going on this year, so we feel pretty good about going forward. So all in all, we were very pleased, but there is no doubt that Q2 and Q3 last year, our traffic was up. And where we did get a little bit hurt by weather in the first and the fourth quarter, we did see a bit of a hit.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co: Fair enough. And I guess just one other regarding the e-com. Would you say that the vendor sign-ups  how was that trended. I know early on, you said you were seeing better than expected sign-ups by vendors to participate in tjmaxx.com. Is that continued?
Carol Meyrowitz: I would say to you, slowly but surely people are feeling more comfortable, because weve really set up the site, so that we are very, very vendor friendly. So we are capturing more vendors every day and thats going to continue to build.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot guys. Can you maybe just comment on inventory? Youve done a great job and obviously youre entering spring very clean. Should we expect inventory of per store to stay down throughout the spring season?
Carol Meyrowitz: Slightly. Were planning it slightly down, but were still planning our inventories down, yes. And by having said that again, our goal is to try to deliver more frequently to the stores and well continue on that path less more frequently.
Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Were very happy with our turns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick  JPMorgan: Thank. And my congrats as well, Carol and team. I guess maybe Carol if you could just talk a little about HomeGoods, just sort of what you thought the weather impact was for them in Q4 to generate that comp, and was there any change in your outlook? I know some other retailers have posted some softer numbers in the home side of the business recently. And then Scott, if you could just give us either the sales or comp or segment margins in your 2014 guidance, that would be fantastic. Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, honestly I am thrilled with HomeGoods and I was pretty happy. They have more stores obviously in the Northeast and in the cooler climate, so they got hit a little bit more, but having said that were very happy with their performance. They also were aggressive in cleaning out. So theyd be fresh for spring, but we love HomeGoods and we continue to see tremendous growth there. Nothing unusual going on there.
Scott Goldenberg: And so Ill give you the full year  I assume you wanted the full year guidance?
Brian Tunick  JPMorgan: Yes, that would be helpful.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So starting with  and again I want to do this for the foreign divisions excluding FX. So first with Marmaxx, we have planned 1% to 2% comp against last years 3%. The segment margins at low 14.4% to 14.8% against last years 14.6%. So down 20 basis points to up 20 basis points at the high. And sales $18.6 billion to $18.8 billion. Now to HomeGoods, 1% to 2% comp, against last years strong 7%. 12.6% to 12.9%, again at the 30 basis points to flat at the high. $3.2 billion in sales. TJX Canada is zero to 2% comp. 12.7% to 13.1%, against last years 13.6%, down 90 basis points to minus 50 basis points at the high at $2.9 billion to $3 billion in sales. Europe, 3% to 4%, against last years 6% with 8.3% to 8.7%, against last years 7.8%. And 50 basis points to 90 basis point increase. And again the total number on the TJX consolidated 1% to 2% against the 3% this year. And excluding FX, zero to 30 basis points on the high.
Brian Tunick  JPMorgan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen  Citi: Hi team, congratulations on a wonderful year and finish. Regarding your earlier comments on the new store prototype, could you just share with us where youre headed there, and if that should impact how we think about productivity in square footage? And youve also bought up in your prepared remarks, how youre becoming closer to the source of the product. I was curious about the strategy there and how it may benefit you on a near and long-term basis?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. When youre talking to the prototype, are you talking about Marshalls, or are you talking about STP?
Oliver Chen  Citi: Marshalls.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. So we had a new prototype that we rolled out pretty aggressively in T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. Weve learned certain things that we need to do in Marshalls that we learned through the T.J. Maxx prototype, but we want to upgrade and thats what were working on. We think its time. And some of the things will benefit just making it more customer friendly, easier to shop. A lot of the things that weve learned overtime and also through customer surveys. And so thats what were working on. And continuing to differentiate the two chains. So its exciting to be able to walk into both. Differentiation is very, very important which allows us again to put our store closure together. So we are seeing when we put Maxx next to Marshalls, its really becoming a mecca and certainly at HomeGoods. Were actually putting HomeGoods right near my house because I needed to have HomeGoods and the Marshalls within a mile distance of shopping. So were pretty excited about that, but were always going to upgrade our stores. Its just part of our process. And thats why were around the 250 mark versus being a little bit more aggressive on our remodels, because were starting a new prototype.
Oliver Chen  Citi: Got it. Thanks. And on the sourcing side, you spoke to some driving more efficiencies?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, thats really about building the talent and our team to be all around the world. Weve increased our buying offices all over. We have more people in New York, more people in California. We have more people in Europe. We have people in India. We have people in Australia. We continue to build that, so that were constantly opening new vendors and more excitement. And that includes some of the smaller guys that are very hard for typically a department store to find. And they are little niche vendors that make our mix very eclectic and very unique. And thats part of the treasure hunt. So we find that very exciting.
Oliver Chen  Citi: Thank you. Best regards.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Heather Balsky  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning. This is Heather Balsky on for Lorraine. I just had a question regarding the competition. I guess as other off-pricers are opening more in some of your core markets, and you continue to expand in your existing markets, how does the competition impact your sales? Is there any cannibalization or do you benefit from having those competitors in your [indiscernible]?
Carol Meyrowitz: We actually like it because it does create more traffic and it becomes sort of a mecca. So we do like it.
Heather Balsky  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you. And just as a follow-up in terms of the testing of the Sierra brand and opening new stores, I know its early on, but do you have any insight into how big that business possibly could be? Could it be a fifth brand for the company in the U.S.?
Carol Meyrowitz: I have no idea. We are just very excited about this  the whole outdoor, the whole space were very excited about and we think of the kind of like HomeGoods in the active and outdoor space. So were excited about it, but I couldnt tell you. I mean were just starting to open our stores and look  like anything else, we hope its going to be a big chain in the future.
Heather Balsky  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Drbul.
Robert Drbul  Nomura: Hi, good morning. I guess the question that I have is when you look at what drove sort of the business holiday and throughout 2013 from a category perspective, and you look at the years on top of the comp increases that youve driven, what categories do you think will lead you in 2014, or what categories are you most excited about in driving the business?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Im sorry Robert, but we dont talk about the categories. We do have competition out there that looks at it periodically.
Robert Drbul  Nomura: Okay. And then  yes.
Carol Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] our stores.
Robert Drbul  Nomura: All right, I do. Trust me. And when you look at the home category in general, you talked about the home fashion did well at Marmaxx. Was there any difference between what worked in the Marmaxx stores versus what was working in the HomeGoods stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well the mix is very different. So they go after in a very different way. So the categories  there were categories that were strong throughout. There were some unique things that Marmaxx did that certainly HomeGoods didnt do. And there was certainly unique things that HomeGoods did that Marmaxx didnt do. So they are two different operations. They just leverage each other on the total buying, but they differentiate.
Robert Drbul  Nomura: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question today comes from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners: Hi, just a quick housekeeping question, and then actually a real question. The Europe, what did you say the revenues were expected to be for Europe, and then what is the comp leverage hurdle that you need to leverage gross margin occupancy and then SG&A? And then the more real question is, the Sierra stores, how are they going to differ than the outlet stores that Sierra has at this point?
Carol Meyrowitz: Ill answer the Sierra. Were creating a brand new prototype. So it is going to look very different from the Sierra stores today. Were really  if you think of it like again the idea of a HomeGoods field in the outsource space, but its going to have some very unique things. Its going to be pretty interesting. Its going to have a real unique look. But value, value, value, I cant say it enough in every category. Thats what were going after.
Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners: And when you say
Scott Goldenberg: And you wanted the Europe sales for next year?
Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners: Yes.
Carol Meyrowitz: He wanted it.
Scott Goldenberg: So comps of 3% to 4%, against this years 6% comp. Segment margins, again this is excluding FX, 8.3% to 8.7%, against last years 7.8%. A 50 basis points to 90 basis points improvement, and sales in U.S. dollars of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. Id give it to you in terms of  the way we look it because a lot of our expenses in margin increases are built into the model  if we beat our comp by 1% comp going into next year, then wed expect to have about 20 basis point improvement. And on the full year, wed have approximately $0.08 if we beat by a full 1% comp.
Carol Meyrowitz: And hopefully well strive for that at least.
Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners: Im sure you will. Carol, just a follow-up question. When you were talking about the outdoor space, do you include things like basketball, more athletic things because on the Sierra website you can see things that I wouldnt really consider outdoor, but are you considering all sporting goods as outdoors?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. It will be an expansive assortment. It will be an exciting store.
Mark Montagna  Avondale Partners: Sounds good.
Carol Meyrowitz: All right. Well I thank you everyone and we look forward to reporting Q1. And thank you, Elan.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2013-11-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Debra McConnell Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, today, November 19, 2013. I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer for The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Ally, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to introduce Debra McDonald (sic) [McConnell], VP of Global Communications, with some opening statements. Debra, who has been with us for many years, is now leading TJX Investor Relations. Sherry Lang is taking on a more of an advisory role after more than 2 decades with our company. I want to thank Sherry for all of her years and many contributions to TJX. Go ahead, Deb.
Debra McConnell: Thanks, Carol. Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 2, 2013. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same, for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international division in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Deb. And joining me and Debra on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with -- to see our momentum continue in the third quarter. Adjusted earnings per share increased 21%, well above our original plan and achieved over last year's 17% growth. Consolidated comp store sales were up 5%, also above our plan and over last year's 7% reported increase. Once again, these results demonstrate our ability to drive strong performance regardless of the retail environment and on top of strong year-over-year comparisons. I'll keep my comments brief today since we just had our Investor Event on October 22. So as a reminder, the presentations and Q&A from the event are available on our website. We talked a lot about the magnitude of our near- and long-term growth opportunities, and why we're so confident that we will become a substantially bigger company, driving both the top and bottom line. We hope you're as excited as we are about the global-ness of our business and the path for growth that we see in front of us. The fourth quarter is off to a good start and we are pursuing many exciting opportunities for the holiday season and the remainder of the year. We're confident that we will achieve our plans and, at the same time, we are a management team passionate about striving to the surpass our goals. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. As I did last quarter, since most of the financial metrics were included in this morning's press release, I'll use my time to provide some additional color on our results. As Carol mentioned, our third quarter consolidated comp store sales increase of 5% over last year's 7% reported increase marked yet another quarter of strong comps on top of strong comps. Our third quarter comp was driven by a combination of increases in ticket and traffic. Diluted earnings per share were $0.86 compared with last year's $0.62. Our third quarter EPS includes an $0.11 benefit detailed in today's press release. Excluding this benefit, adjusted earnings per share were $0.75, a 21% increase over last year, marking 5 consecutive years of double-digit EPS growth. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share, compared with a neutral impact last year. Consolidated pretax profit margin was a record 12.6% for the quarter, up 90 basis points over last year's strong margin and above our plan. This increase was driven primarily by gross profit margins being up 50 basis points due to buying and occupancy leverage on the above-plan comp and improved merchandise margins. SG&A improved 40 basis points, primarily due to several items that negatively impacted third quarter margins by 60 basis points last year. There were several factors this year that partially offset the 60 basis points of year-over-year favorability. These included costs related to home office moves, increased advertising and e-commerce. In terms of inventories, we are in fantastic shape going into the fourth quarter. As to Marmaxx, comps increased 4%. Apparel comps were up 4% and home fashions were up 6%. We are particularly pleased to see both apparel and non-apparel categories do so well in this retail environment. Geographically, comps in the Northeast and West Coast were the strongest, and all other regions were around the chain average. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I'll recap our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before moving to our future growth potential, I'll recap third quarter divisional results. All of our divisions delivered strong performance over strong prior year comparisons and drove great bottom line flow-through. Our U.S. divisions, once again, achieved powerful results. Marmaxx posted a 4% comp increase over 7% growth last year and segment profit increased 80 basis points to 14.7%. HomeGoods delivered another outstanding quarter. Comps were up 10% and segment profit was up 110 basis points, 13.1%. Moving to our international businesses. TJX Europe continued it's very strong trends. Comps were up 5% over an 11% increase last year and segment profit was up 130 basis points to 10.4%. I was just in Germany last week and could not be more excited about our talent, product mix and real estate opportunity there. At TJX Canada, comps increased 2% and adjusted segment profit increased 30 basis points to 16.6%. Now to our growth catalyst, beginning with the holiday season in fourth quarter. Going into the fourth quarter, we are in great shape. We have plenty of open-to-buy and the marketplace is flooded with outstanding products. I believe our gift-giving selection this year will be the best we have ever had. You've heard me say this in the past year that I truly believe we get better and better every year as we keep raising the bar. We have many exciting initiatives up our sleeves. But you'll just have to shop our stores to see what they are. Second, our gift-giving selection will be extremely fresh. Our buyers will be in the marketplace in December and will be shipping to our stores right through the holidays. Third, our commercials will be on TV every single week in the U.S. throughout the holiday season and overall impressions will be up significantly. Our holiday campaigns just launched last week and I hope you love The Gifter as much as we do. We have also upped all of our social media penetration and are engaging consumers in more ways than ever. Plus, we are confident that our remodel programs will continue, upgrading our stores will be another draw this holiday season. Most importantly, we will be offering customers extreme value and we are convinced that value would be absolutely key to consumers when they shop this holiday season. Now to our future growth potential. Last November, I said on our earnings call that I have never been more excited about the future of TJX. I certainly continue to feel that way today. At our Investor Event, we focused on all of the elements that can help us achieve our vision to grow TJX to a $40 billion business and beyond. I'd like to briefly highlight the key themes from the day. First is the magnitude of TJX's growth potential, both near- and long-term. We are convinced that TJX is the retailer for today and the future. We talked a lot about that huge opportunities we see to gain market share and pursue the millions of untapped customers we see in both the U.S. and internationally. We also see enormous store growth potential for our brick-and-mortar businesses. We raised our long-term store growth potential to over 5,100 stores. That would be about 60% more stores than our current base, with growth in just our existing markets, with just our existing chains alone. The most significant driver of this increase is our belief that Marmaxx can be an even bigger business and grow to 3,000 stores. That's 400 more stores in the high end of our prior range and about 1,000 more stores than today. We also see home, overall as a category, as a substantial growth vehicle for the future. Between our pure home chain, HomeGoods and HomeSense and home products in all of our other stores, we believe there is great opportunity. Internationally, we see vast opportunities. We sized up our potential in Europe alone, which we see as tremendous and representing billions of dollars of growth just in brick-and-mortar and in just our current chain. We also raised our long-term segment profit margin target for TJX Europe to 10% plus, and discussed why we're so confident we will achieve these goals. I'll take a moment here to mention a few of the many factors we see on our side as we expand into Europe. We are a differentiated unconventional retailer with enormous flexibility, offering amazing brands and fashion all under one roof. More importantly, we are bringing consumers extreme values and we see value as a concept that's just growing more in Europe. In addition, there's a vast retail-light space in Europe. Beyond our current European markets, we see the opportunity to expand to other countries. In short, we believe that our value model resonates wherever consumers seek fashion, brands and quality at great prices. In terms of TJX Canada, we upped our long-term store growth potential to about 450 stores. That would be 30% more stores than our current base and reflects our potential to grow Marshalls in Canada. Beyond our brick-and-mortar businesses, we see e-commerce as another long-term growth catalyst. We want to be there for our customers when they want to shop online, and we see e-commerce as another platform to offer great, great values. While we were strategically low key about our launch of TJX tjmaxx.com in September, customer response has been terrific. We will continue with our deliberate approach and plan to grow smart. But we are very excited about giving consumers the ability and convenience to shop 24/7. We also continue to be very pleased with the smooth transition of Sierra Trading Post. Although we're in no rush, we can see e-commerce working for all our TJX brands. Now let me reiterate the key advantage that we believe differentiates TJX and sets us up extremely well to achieve our goals for growth. It all begins by offering extreme value. The value has been our mission since Day 1, and we believe it resonates in all environments. We have tremendous flexibility and consistency. We believe we have one of the widest demographic reaches in retail. We are leveraging 4 large synergistic divisions as we grow. We have successfully expanded internationally and have decades of experience operating outside of the U.S. We have a world-class buying organization of over 900 associates. Teaching and developing the next generation of leaders are top priorities for us. We have built a global sourcing machine over 36 years, which is not easily replicated. And we have a vendor universe of over 16,000 vendors. We keep improving our supply chain to support our growth. We're confident our supply chain investments will help us become even better at shipping the right goods to the right stores at the right time and drive growth on both top and bottom line. I truly believe we are leaders in innovation. We strive to be ahead of the curve, never complacent, and make our stores more exciting every day. This is our mission: always raising the bar in fashion, brands, quality and value every day. Summing up, our robust plan year-to-date performance demonstrates, once again, the ability of this company to drive sales and profit growth even in uncertain retail environments and over strong comparisons. We entered the fourth quarter with great momentum and in excellent position to pursue our many opportunities for the holiday selling season. We are convinced that our stores will be gift-giving destinations this holiday season. Longer term, we are very confident we will grow TJX to be a $40 billion business and well beyond. As a management team, we remain laser-focused on near-term execution and, at the same time, keep our sights set on strategic vision for the future. So now I'll turn it back to Scott to go through our guidance and then, we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week, compared with the 53-week period in fiscal '13. The extra week last year contributed $0.08 to earnings per share in the fourth quarter and full year. As we noted in our press release today, we are raising full year earnings per share guidance to reflect our third quarter performance. Our guidance now calls for full year diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.91 to $2.94 over $2.55 last year. On an adjusted basis, excluding the $0.11 tax benefit in the third quarter, this guidance will be $2.80 to $2.83. This guidance will represent a 13% to 15% increase over the prior year's adjusted EPS of $2.47, which excludes the approximately $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week last year. In addition, our fiscal '14 guidance includes a negative $0.02 impact from foreign currency compared to a neutral impact last year. This outlook is now based on estimated consolidated comp store sales growth of 3% for the full year. We also expect pretax margins of 12.1% to 12.2%, which is 20 to 30 basis points higher than last year's margin of 11.9%. As a reminder, this guidance includes our e-commerce investments. And last year, the 53rd week positively impacted pretax margins by approximately 20 basis points. Our full year outlook continues to assume fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.77 to $0.80 compared with $0.82 last year. Again, this included an approximately $0.08 benefit from the extra week last year. We expect fourth quarter EPS to be negatively impacted by $0.01 due to a higher tax rate this year versus last year. Now to further details on the fourth quarter. We are assuming fourth quarter sales in the $7.6 billion to $7.7 billion range. This is based on estimated comp sales growth of 1% to 2% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. As a reminder, this guidance reflects 6 fewer days in the Christmas selling season compared to last year. Fourth quarter pretax profit margins are planned in the 11.9% to 12.2% range, down 60 to 30 basis points versus the prior year. As a reminder, the extra week had approximately 60 basis points positive impact on pretax margins in the fourth quarter last year. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margins to be in the range of 27.7% to 27.9%, down 90 to 70 basis points on a reported basis versus the prior year. Again, last year had the benefit of the extra week, which almost all of the 60 basis points impact in gross margin. In addition, this year, we expect gross margins to be negatively impacted by 10 basis points due to foreign currency. In terms of SG&A as a percent of sales, for the fourth quarter, we are anticipating a rate of 15.7% to 15.6%, which is 30 to 40 basis points favorable to last year. As a reminder, last year's SG&A ratio was negatively impacted by a combination of items we called out last year, which together totaled about 50 basis points. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS in the fourth quarter, which is the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.2%, which as I just mentioned, would have a negative $0.01 impact on the fourth quarter EPS. We're expecting net interest expense of approximately $10 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 720 million. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess, speaking about the divisional performance, HomeGoods continues to be a standout. I mean, fairly, I guess consistent trends on a multiyear basis. But can you comment where you're seeing, you think, some of the biggest gains either by category or versus other competing formats?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Daniel, we don't usually go into categories. So I can just tell you that, overall, we're very pleased with the total home business and all the divisions, including HomeGoods and HomeSense. And as usual, we weatherproof our business and are very flexible with all of our categories through the season. So we tweak them up and we tweak them down as we see appropriate.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just as it relates to Canada, obviously, it's a positive comp. It's the lowest growth of the divisions. Anything that you're seeing either execution-ally or is it weather or other factors that are maybe keeping that division below some of the others?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: For us, the Canada division, they're actually doing a little bit better than what we planned for this year. We took into account the Marshalls store cannibalization. We took into account the fact that we invested dramatically in talent this year and last year and we are a little bit still in a teaching mode. We also took into consideration other retailers coming in, so actually, we're pretty pleased with Canada's business.
Operator: Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask for your thoughts on the real estate environment, longer term. What are you seeing in terms of opportunity for the next year or so, both domestically and then for your expansion in Europe?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, actually, I'm going to turn it over to Ernie in a minute because we're pretty bullish on our real estate. And this year, we're over our account. And so Ernie, do you want to maybe talk about the opportunities, which were pretty terrific?
Ernie L. Herrman: Sure. Lorraine, we see the environment as continuing to offer up opportunities. It's a healthy thing there, as Carol alluded to, whether domestically or in Europe. So in FY '14, for example, we are coming in over our original store count plan of 150 stores heading to -- we're projecting more like 165 stores. And one of the exciting parts of that is we think we're going to get an additional 7 stores in Europe for this year. Additional store in Canada, where the store count growth isn't as high. 5 more stores than planned in HomeGoods, which is obviously very exciting to us. And an additional 2 stores above the original plan in Marmaxx for the year. So that just bodes well, yes, for FY '14 going into FY '15. But we're confident as we move forward that we're going to be able to continue the real estate growth in the next couple of years based on the environment. So great question.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Lorraine, we'll be talking about our store count at year-end going forward. But I assure you we're going to take advantage of every opportunity possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Regarding the environment now, are you seeing the volatility in traffic that we're noticing in the marketplace? And also the merchandise margins being up is very, very impressive. Given the promotional nature of holiday and how everyone's speaking to this, can you sustain the momentum in the merch margins? And if you could just brief us on what drove ticket, I'd appreciate it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I'm sorry, what was the last one? What drove what?
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ticket.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. So our traffic increase was a combination -- it was a combination of average ticket being slightly up and traffic being up. So we were very pleased with the combination. In terms of the merchandise margins, we're just absolutely thrilled with our positioning in terms of our inventory and our open-to-buy. As I said before, we really have a flooded market and we're going to be buying straight into the holiday season. And I'm going to throw it over to Ernie. I think the guys are just absolutely thrilled with what they're seeing.
Ernie L. Herrman: I think as we've said many times before, controlling the teams is probably our most difficult challenge. So the availability of desirable product is certainly consistent across most families of business. And the neat thing is it's in all the different areas of the business, whether it's in the moderate level or on the better level, it's pretty widespread. So with that, I think we've had a little bit of opportunity on the markup amidst all of that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, so Ernie and I have our hammers out and we're hoping the guys go in as of the last week of the holiday season, so that's what we're aiming for. So we really believe we're going to keep our outrageous values and be very competitive.
Operator: Next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Terrific. And Ernie, I'm wondering, I'm looking at the total inventory number. It would suggest that maybe you've got a little more in-transit this year. Is that a reflection of those amazing fall buys that you guys were seeing during the third quarter? And how are you thinking about attacking holiday? And are you happy with what you've got still open-to-buy for fourth quarter?
Ernie L. Herrman: Well, I'll let Scott -- Scott can talk a little bit about the in-transit. I think, that you're looking at it.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. So Kimberly, you're exactly correct. The balance sheet inventory was up 11%. As we discussed in the press release, the average per store inventories were down 4%. Just as a reminder that the numbers exclude, on the average per store, the in-transit inventory and the e-commerce inventories, which clearly were -- we didn't have the STP business and the tjmaxx.com at this time last year. The in-transit inventory, as I'll briefly talk, and Ernie can add on to, are higher primarily due to the calendar shift at the end of the third quarter this year being closer to Christmas than last year, certainly speaking to the, I think, the fresh flow of our merchandise. And Ernie, do you want to add anything else there?
Ernie L. Herrman: Well, I think -- and I think Carol referred to this earlier on, we are in better shape for our gift-giving holiday season. I think many buys were more gift-giving related this year, so we're feeling very good about that. We're also feeling good about buying later into the season than we did last year. So we're feeling -- we're going to be a little fresher. You have these -- you have the funky sixth day scenario where you're going into holiday, which actually, we are going to take advantage from a flow-it-later perspective. So I think Scott has kind of described to you what's going on with the in-transit, but we're feeling very good about the content of the goods that are on their way and the content of what's, a, in the store now obviously; but further -- furthermore, for our gift-giving, we're feeling terrific -- feeling very excited about that. And we have more families of business participating this year in the gift-giving initiative. So I think that answers your question, Kimberly.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess a question about -- bookkeeping question about updated sales, comps, operating margin by division for the year. And then I think you've addressed, which is the product flow being later in the shorter Thanksgiving-to-Christmas period. But if you could talk about how that's going to work post-Christmas and how you're thinking about the whole period, call it, to-date through January 10?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, the percent of freshness is up and that's what we strive for, which is pretty exciting. We also have a very good strategy coming out of the Christmas season, going into January and switching over. So where you're going to be the most -- you're going to see the most exciting change from Christmas into January that you've ever seen before. So we're pretty excited about that as a potential. Our Gift Cards are way up this year. We think our customers are going to come back. We're going to lure them back. And for the first time in Marmaxx, we're going to be doing some additional advertising in the month of January that we did not have last year. So we think this is going to be an interesting scenario between December and January. But we're doing everything to drive the customer back into our stores right after Christmas, in addition. Scott, you want to do year? And I'll do by quarter.
Scott Goldenberg: Right. So I'm going to update the full year current guidance. Again, just as a couple of things to point out, I'm going to give the numbers on a 52-week over 52-week basis, including the FX impact. Also, just as a reminder, the division segment numbers I'm going to talk about are posted on our website as well. So starting with Marmaxx, a comp of 2% versus 6% last year, segment margins of 14.7% to 14.7%, again, versus last year's 14.5% on sales of $17.8 billion to $17.9 billion. Just as a point there, the impact of the e-commerce businesses is about 20 basis points year-over-year to Marmaxx. HomeGoods, 6 to 7 comp versus last year's 7 comp, 12.8% to 13% versus last year's 12% or 80 to 100 basis points higher than last year. TJX Canada, 0 to 1 comp versus last year's 5 comp. 13.6% to 13.7% versus last year's 14% on $2.9 billion. Europe, 4% to 5% versus last year's 10%; 7.3% to 7.5% versus last year's 6.4%, 90 to 110 basis points higher than last year and on $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion. Just as a point, all of the businesses had segment margin increases higher than the guidance we gave in August. Marmaxx would be 10 basis points higher; HomeGoods would be 20; Canada, 30; and Europe, 10. And just to repeat, on the full year, we're 3% comp against last year's 7%, 12.1% to 12.2% versus last year's 11.7%. 40 to 50 basis points higher on $27.2 billion to $27.3 billion.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So a couple -- I wanted to ask about the merchandise margins expectations in the fourth quarter. You talked about gross margins being down and all that seemed to be the occupancy from the extra week. But what do you -- how do you think about merchandise margins in the fourth quarter? And I guess related to that, and Ernie touched on this, the merchandise margins in the third quarter, you mentioned higher markups. Are you also associating lower markdowns, i.e. better inventory productivity?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, it's a combination. You want to -- Scott, you want to go through the merchandise margins for the fourth quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Hold on 1 second here. Merchandise margins, basically at the high end of the range, 27.9% versus last year's 28%. Again, a 10 basis points impact due to FX. So essentially flat on a 2 comp. So about what we would expect.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Mike, we'll always try to beat it.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right, understood. And are you still seeing benefits from lower markdowns?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We are seeing some benefit from markdowns, yes. We are turning our inventories faster than a year ago.
Scott Goldenberg: And just as a point, in terms of cash -- Carol talked about the turns being faster than they were last year, certainly, through the first 3 quarters. We entered -- we talked about the overall average store and warehouse inventory on a per-store basis. We also enter the fourth quarter with inventories still down in the low-single digits on a per-store basis on the in-store only inventory.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right. And we still see some opportunities there. So as a result of that, yes, we do have a slight -- a decrease in markdowns, quicker turns. So we are seeing that and, hopefully, we'll continue to see some benefits there in the future, too.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. Fair enough. And then 1 more, if I could. Carol, you did a great job -- we're talking some of the Analyst Day takeaways. One thing that I thought was interesting at the Analyst Day, which I don't believe you recapped, was the store remodel and refresh program that you're going back and touching all your stores again. So if you can just talk about some of the things that you're doing in the store and how many you've done and how long that will be around for?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. So far, we have done 315, I think. We started the year saying we would remodel a little over 300 stores. We're probably going to continue at that pace and we'll talk to that at year end. You saw T.J. Maxx, believe it or not, we just started our remodels. So between that and new stores, we already have 159 done to date. So we're pretty excited about that. We're pretty aggressive on touching our stores in every division and we're going to continue that pace.
Operator: Stephen Grambling.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I realize it's still early, but can you provide some initial color on the e-commerce results, specifically, how the category mix and customer base may vary versus the store on your expectations, as well as, maybe what the response has been from brands that are online?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We are very pleased with our results. And I've said it a million times, be it small, we're pretty excited about it. We're not going to discuss specific categories but we certainly have a differentiation strategy and we are pleased with that. We're learning every single day, the combination of the buy of STP has been absolutely sensational. So we are very, very pleased and we're going to continue to invest appropriately. I'll keep coming back to Marmaxx, if you take the e-com number out, it's going to make a 15% segment profit. So I think slow growth smart and slow and steady will win the race in the end. But we're going to continue. We're very excited about it.
Stephen W. Grambling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a very quick follow-up to that would just be, are there any brands that maybe weren't on there now that we're waiting to see, kind of, how things initially trended that maybe can be brought back? And we saw that there's this Maxx flash element to the site now, I don't know if that's another way to get new brands brought in?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Hopefully, you'll shop some of our -- we've had our -- an interesting Maxx flash recently. We're going to continue to do that, and you'll see some things that we'll be testing through the holiday season. Some of the buyers are getting more excited and we're going to keep building this. I have all the faith in the world that we're going to build it the same way we built our business with great brands.
Operator: Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just got 2 follow-ups. One on the e-commerce, certainly it's early days, but we are seeing some unbelievable brands showing up. And just, overall, the assortment does seem to skew upper- and middle-income and with price points probably higher than what's in your store. Just wondering if that's the strategy that you think you're going to be pursuing over the longer term? And then secondly, on the remodel program, I'm just wondering if you've got any plans for some of your other divisions to get remodeled?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, that 315 isn't just Marmaxx. We have a remodel program in every division. And next year, each division is going to come back to Ernie and myself with their proposal of remodeling, and usually we're pretty aggressive with it. So we want to make sure that all of our stores are very current. In terms of e-com, we're just -- the strategy is going to build and build and build. And we're adding more product everyday. We have home product we're adding, we're learning. This is going to be a combination of good, better and best products on e-com. This is a great way to reach a customer. We don't have runway, we don't have some of our product that can reach across the U.S. today. So it gives us the ability to do that. But our strategy is going to be all levels, all good, better and best going forward. So we're pretty excited. It all seems to be working.
Operator: Brian Tunick, your line is open.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, Carol, given you're now almost as large as the biggest department store player, we're just wondering, are you still focused on that delta below department store pricing? Or do you -- does your model now have more pricing power today given the market share gains and your overall buying power with the vendors? And then our second question is, if you could just give us some color on marketing spend, either dollars or rate, for Q4 versus last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So our advertising spend is up 10 basis points for the year, I believe. It's up that for Q4, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, so it's about 10 basis points, Brian. As far as the power of pricing, we just continue -- with the number of vendors and our buying getting smarter and smarter and we keep teaching -- and the growth of our buying group, we just try to keep raising the bar. In the end, it's all about vendor relationships. And we build a business with each vendor, that helps them make money and it helps us make money. And that's really our strategy going forward. We're going to continue that. So to us, it's all about the relationships. That's not going to change.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So my question, I guess, was on the ticket as far as sort of what your pricing ability is. Do you still monitor all the department stores to see where they're at going out the door or do you now have more pricing power yourself given the category?
Ernie L. Herrman: Brian, we still monitor -- a big part of what our merchants do is to monitor the out-the-door prices at other retailers. So we always want to show the appropriate value gap between us and the other retailers. I'm not sure, is that what you're asking or?
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Ernie L. Herrman: Back to Carol's point, that will not change. And that approach, regardless of the buying power -- yes, and I know what you're saying, our buying power has gone up exponentially over the last 5 years. It does not affect that approach to us because, really, we want to offer the customer, in the end, the best value.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have to be competitive, that's who we are and that's what we'll continue to be. It's always the distance between us and the department stores.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a big picture question. As I look back over the last 10 years, your SG&A rate has been in the band between 16.3% and 17% of sales. And I'm just wondering if you see -- and this is probably best for Scott, if you see that moving out of that band at some point, in theory, to the lower end? I think you said closer to lower end right now. Can you move even lower? And then Carol, just a quick one for you, just in the near term, who do you see as the greatest threat from a competition perspective -- competitive landscape perspective?
Scott Goldenberg: Paul, a couple of things, actually, I'm just going to add on a previous question or 2 about our remodels. Of the 315 remodels that Carol talked about that would be done this year, approximately 2/3 get -- of that get done in Marmaxx and then in the 30 to 40 range, which is proportionate to keeping all of those stores fresh. That's always an ongoing thing. And as Carol said, in that 30 to 40 range, sometimes, we tweak it up higher depending on the state of the stores at that point. But again, just wanted to reiterate that. In terms of the expense structure, just as a point, part of the benefit we've been getting on expenses is through the leverage in the gross profit on the buying and occupancy. So clearly we, over the years, don't break out exactly what that has been over a many year period. But clearly, we've been leveraging in that line due to our above-plan comps and I think the great deals we've been getting. In terms of the SG&A, a lot will depend on what the comps will be. We think our expenses -- at this point, we haven't done our plan for next year. Certainly, we'd expect to be, on a 2 comp, relatively level. But I think long term, it depends on the amount of investment spend that we will be doing and other initiatives and how much we'd want to put in advertising, et cetera. But certainly, we want to stay at the low end of the number you talked about.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. I mean, Paul, I think we also want to leave ourselves some flexibility in terms of e-com because as that -- we like the initial results. If that starts to take off, we may be a little bit more aggressive in years 1 and 2 to fund for the future, but that remains to be seen. Again, I keep saying we need to grow smart and evaluate that. In terms of what do we see as the greatest threat. I know this is going to sound a little hokey, but the greatest threat is us being complacent. If we do our job and we keep raising the bar on the products and the value and the brand and what we're giving the customer, I sleep very well at night. So I really look at it internally in how we're doing versus all competition. There isn't 1 threat. To me, I look at everybody as a threat, and we all do. So it's really within us and our execution and that's what's going to make us continue to grow.
Operator: Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you just maybe give us an update on new store productivity, how that's been trending in your stores over the last couple of years?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you that our new stores are performing above plan. We are very, very happy, which is why we started to increase our store count. Our old stores continue to comp, and that's what's so amazing about our business, that we're getting it really across the board. We don't give specific numbers but I can tell you that we're very excited about our new store performance.
Scott Goldenberg: Howard, I'll just -- give just a little here on -- in terms of our -- in terms of our Marmaxx and HomeGoods, as we've said for many years, for several -- for a long period of time at Marmaxx, we've been beating it by -- in the mid to -- mid double digit, that 10% to 15% range. HomeGoods, we've had great performance also in the last few years. And clearly, by the way, we've been bullish about Europe. We've been beating our pro formas there for the last several years as well. And in Canada, we've had very good performance as well. So really, Marmaxx, a long period of time but all the other divisions are quite strong, and in many cases, it's been in that low double-digit amount.
Operator: Jeff Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Carol, a question for you on gifting. And I suppose everything in your store can qualify as a gift, but as you define it internally, I'm wondering if you could just give us some guesstimate in terms of what percent of your fourth quarter sales would be defined as gifts? And I'm speaking of the type of items when you set up these tables in the stores and have items for -- under $10 gifts, under $20 gifts and so forth. And secondly, can you talk to us a little bit about what families of business you're expanding the gifting categories to this year that you did not offer last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, you're not going to like my answer because we really don't talk about the family of businesses that we would expand or decrease. In addition, we have so much and more open-to-buy that we can't even tell you what the percentage of gift-giving is because we're wide open to go in. And if it ends up being like crazy coats at outrageous value, you don't categorize that as gift-giving but it's going to be -- we want it to be mind-blowing, so to speak. So it's very hard, today, in November, to tell you what percentage it's going to be. We're going to continue the tables. We have great, great flow. Our stores are set up to understand that whatever product comes in, they know how to take the product and set it up as gift-giving. But we wanted -- the buyers are very, very focused on it being extreme, extreme value. So just about anything that comes into our store from now on should be outrageous gift-giving product.
Operator: Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I was curious about something that you haven't really talked about and it seems the department stores have continually spoken about shoes and accessories and handbags as a particular interest, a strong point in their own businesses. And obviously, one of your competitors has standalone footwear and accessory store. If you can talk about -- update on the Marshalls shoes and an update on this segment and your thoughts around the segment as either its own entity or as a shop-in-shop like the runway or what you have going on with shoes across many of your chains?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, the categories are all very, very strong for us and they continue to be. I think we are definitely a destination for handbags, shoes and accessories. So that is growing dramatically for us. We love the fact of flexibility. So we really have been very careful not to set up a store that's too small. It doesn't have the ability to have many family of businesses and give us the flexibility. Today, it could be outrageous, tomorrow, it could not be outrageous. And so we don't ever want to put ourselves in a position that we're focused on 1 or 2 or 3 categories alone. We just find that our model is perfect to have many, many, many categories in that flexibility.
Operator: Dana Telsey.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Carol, tremendous results, and as you think about the allocation of store space in the store, with home doing well, and other categories doing well, how do you see the store size, what you think about is the right size going forward given the expansion of categories?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as we've reduced our inventories, we're kind of loving our store size. It gives us tremendous flexibility and we still think there's a little bit of room. Actually, I walk into the stores today and I think both Ernie and I say, "Oh, we could probably bring the inventories down a little bit more and create more freshness." But we're very, very pleased with our store size. As you know, we have all kinds of sizes and shapes, and the ability to be able to do that. In Europe, we have many stores that are on 2 and 3 floors. We take advantage of the space that is available. If it's a good deal, we're going to go after it. But it's not like we're going to look at 80,000 square-foot stores. However, we do have some ideas, as always.
Operator: Laura Champine.
Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Obviously, a lot of retailers got caught with too much inventories. What's the status of your packaway? Have you been building that? And any quantification you can do with that as a percentage of inventories will be great.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's pretty flat for last year and we remain -- it's not a big part of our business. Our packaway remains pretty small as a percent of our business because more importantly, we want to be current. We want to be the most current fashion. So we don't build tremendous packaways. We'll take advantage, but today we're pretty much flat to last year, which is very comfortable for us.
Operator: Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A question just about the merchandise margin. So it sounds -- merchandise margin is up, and you've gotten some gains on lower markdowns. But is higher IMU helping? And if so, which quarter did the higher IMU start? And then just for Ernie, you said the market is flooded with merchandise, would you say it's more flooded this year versus last year?
Ernie L. Herrman: Mark, in terms of the market, yes, I would say there are more goods this year than last year. It might vary by certain families of business or departments, but in total, there's more merchandise. I think your first question, though, was about markup? Mark-on...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Mark, you want to know the mark-on?
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: What I'm trying to understand is you've got the higher -- you're getting the higher merchandise margin, and some of that is lower markdowns, but is some of it also higher IMU? And then, if so...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, it's a combination. It's a combination. And we don't break that up by quarter. But again, as you have -- as you're buying closer to need, you have the opportunity to gain on the mark-on and the markdowns because you're more current, you're more fresh. And as our trends continue, you get the benefit of both. But there are outrageous deals out there and we have plenty of open-to-buy. So that's always going to be a positive.
Operator: Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: I know Black Friday is not a big deal for you but certainly those -- the whole Thanksgiving weekend is an important time for the company. And so I'm just wondering, with so much more going on, on Thanksgiving Day, some competitors, department stores opening up at 8:00 and some even earlier than that. What you're thinking about, just from a strategic standpoint, over the Thanksgiving weekend?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're going to do what we always do. It's have outrageous products. I mean, we don't play in special deals and special discounting, but we have some outrageous goods going out and we are very excited about that. We're not planning on being open on Thanksgiving. We have a handful of stores that have to deal with some leases. But we really would like our employees to enjoy Thanksgiving with their family. We just feel, culturally, it's very important. So we're really not going to play in that arena. But we feel very good about our product that's coming in through the holiday season.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Did you see an impact last year from these Thanksgiving store openings, either to the negative or even, perhaps, to the positive by seeing more business on Black Friday morning than you might have seen otherwise?
Ernie L. Herrman: Patrick, we have really not seen a lot of impact. We've studied this over the years, and because we haven't jumped into the promotional play, we're not up against it. So what happens is we kind of -- I think our customers know that and they aren't expecting it. We have, over the years, looked at the hours and we've taken care of that but essentially, now, there's no change in that, like Carol said.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Quite frankly, I've gotten some incredible positive e-mails from customers actually thanking us for not being open on Thanksgiving. I mean, we believe that's important.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: I'll throw my thanks in as well as an analyst. And then a quick one on the tax rate, what would the tax rate have been absent that pickup? What would it have been on a normalized basis in the quarter?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Give me 1 second here. It's approximately, for the third quarter, 38.1% so -- versus last year's 38.3%. So down. And the reason it was down versus last year, because we had the benefit of Worker's Opportunity Tax Credit, which Congress passed last year during the fourth quarter. One of the reasons why we're down in the fourth quarter tax rate that I called out earlier and had the benefit in our -- slight benefit in our overall tax rate due to the composition of our income with more of our -- a little more of that income coming from Europe, so that helped benefit. So 38.1% versus last year's 38.3%.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. I think we only have time for one more question.
Operator: And that comes from David Glick.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just a question for Ernie. I was just wondering how you're thinking about and strategizing the seasonal categories. I mean, they've been tough the last few fourth quarters. And your business has been strong despite that. And I'm wondering if that's part of the flood of merchandise that you're seeing and if that's part of your flow strategy to be able to potentially take advantage of a more favorable outlook for seasonal categories? And whether that could be a positive catalyst for your ticket and transaction value and in particular, where your comp store sits at?
Ernie L. Herrman: So David, let me just get a little clarification. When you say seasonal categories, you're talking about...
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Outerwears, sweaters.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, outerwears, sweaters, cold weather goods, et cetera?
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes, sorry.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we -- first of all, some of those categories are very gift-giving related, if you actually think about it. So we have not run into a shortfall of goods there, so that's been good. So those are categories that we plan to be in, in a meaningful way. I cannot tell you whether it's dramatically different than last year. We can't give that information out. But we had good success there last year. I think we're a little more excited this year because there's some fashion going on in some of those categories, more so this year than last year, which generally, in our environment, bodes well for being more successful there. So I think if you're asking do we plan on seasonal categories being more important this year? I would say yes, to a degree. Does that make sense? Does that answer it?
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes. And I'm just also wondering if there's a lot of incremental availability and if weather kind of moves your way, whether that's something you can take advantage of as the quarter unfolds and [indiscernible]
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. We can -- in other words, if the trend gets even better there, as the model -- and this is what's great about our model, we can chase those businesses more aggressively because, yes, there is availability. Not in every seasonal category, but in a fair amount of them, I would say. So yes, we can do that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: However, David, we don't want to get into the fray of everybody marking down certain categories. We have very exciting newness coming in, as I said, as we transition out of December into January. So we'll take advantage of it, but to the degree that we feel is appropriate for our business. Thanks, everyone. And we look forward to coming back fourth quarter. And have a wonderful holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-08-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, August 20, 2013. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elan, and good morning, everyone. And before I begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 2, 2013. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back to Carol
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. So let me begin by saying that once again, it is great to see our strong performance continue over such strong year-over-year comparisons. Earnings per share increased 18%, which is well above our plan and achieved over last year a 24% increase and several years of double-digit second quarter EPS growth. Consolidated comps were up 4%, also above our expectations, and over a reported 7% increase last year. With above-plan performance in the first half of the year and the third quarter off to a solid start, we enter the back half in an excellent position. Further, we see many growth opportunities for TJX with market share growth potential, our brick-and-mortar businesses, e-commerce, supply chain and more. We remain confident we will achieve our plans for 2013 and beyond. And as always, our management team is passionate about surpassing our goal. We operate a highly flexible, differentiated business model with tremendous advantages. And we are convinced we will grow TJX to be a $40-billion company and beyond. But before I dive into why we're so confident, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap the numbers
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. We're going to handle the financial recap a bit differently today than we have in the past. Since most of the financial metrics I usually discuss are in this morning's press release, I'm going to keep my comments brief and focus on providing some additional color on our results. As Carol mentioned, our second quarter consolidated comparable store sales increase of 4% was achieved over last year's 7% reported increase. This was also on top of comp increases of 3% to 4% in each of the prior 6 years. Clearly, we continue to demonstrate the ability of this business to drive strong comps on top of strong comparisons year after year. Comps were driven by a combination of increases in traffic and ticket in the quarter. Our diluted earnings per share of $0.66 was up 18% over last year's $0.56 and above our expectations. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on earnings per share, which is the same as last year's neutral impact. We are extremely pleased with the high flow through on our above-plan sales and quality of earnings. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 12% for the quarter, which marks a second quarter record and was up 50 basis points versus last year's strong margin and well above our plan. This increase was driven primarily by strong merchandise margin improvement and volume and occupancy leverage on our above-plan sales. This increase within gross profit was partially offset by 20 basis points of SG&A deleverage. This was primarily due to increased investments in marketing, our e-commerce businesses and funding of The TJX Foundation. As to Marmaxx, comps increased 4%; apparel comps were up 3%; and home fashions, up 5%. Geographically, comps in most regions were around the chain's average. Florida and the West Coast were the top performing regions. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our third quarter, back half and full year fiscal '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. So before I move to our growth opportunities, I have a few comments on divisional performance. Our U.S. division delivered terrific results over very strong year-over-year comparisons and drove excellent flow-through to the bottom line. The Marmaxx 4% comp increase was achieved on top of a 7% increase last year, and prior to that, comp increase is up 3% or more for 5 consecutive years. Segment profit margin increased by a very strong 50 basis points. HomeGoods comped up 8% over a 9% increase last year. We were extremely pleased with HomeGoods' bottom line performance, with segment profit margin up an outstanding 170 basis points. Now to our international divisions. At TJX Canada, while results were a bit less than we would have liked, we were pleased with the improving comp trend from the first quarter. U.S. currency exchange rates put some pressure on merchandise margins in the second quarter, and we had some deleverage from our investments in talent to support our growth of Marshalls in Canada. That said, for the first half of the year, segment profit margin adjusted for currency was down just 30 basis points on flat comp. This does speak to the TJX Canada strong inventory and expense control, and ability to flex its business and we  and react to market trends, which led to favorable markdowns and helped protect merchandise margins. TJX Canada begins the back half well-positioned with lean inventories, fresh flow and many initiatives planned. Now to TJX Europe, which had an excellent second quarter. Comps increased by a strong 6% over a 10% increase last year, and segment profit adjusted for currency increased 190 basis points over last year. We were very pleased to see TJX Europe's consistent strong performance continue and by the very strong financial metrics we continue to see in Germany and Poland, which bodes well for the future. Now to our confidence that our top line and bottom line growth will continue. You'll hear me reiterate the same things we've discussed before, which we don't think is a bad thing, as they repeat -- they bear repeating. Beginning with our market share growth potential. Our research tells us about 75% of U.S. shoppers have not shopped at T.J. Maxx or Marshalls in the past year. Clearly, we have untapped opportunity and we are convinced our value proposition will continue to attract more U.S. and international customers. Our store remodels and in-store initiatives, which improve our customer shopping experience and even more powerful marketing, are all key to continuing to attract and retain more new customers. In the back half, our commercials will be on U.S. television for several more weeks than last year, with a significant increase in impression. I love our marketing campaigns and think they are even better than last year. We also have some exciting in-store initiatives up our sleeves, but you'll just have to wait to see what they are. Second is the growth potential of our brick-and-mortar business. We operate 4 large divisions, all with tremendous growth opportunities. As we've said before, we see the potential to grow our store base by about 50% with our current chains and our current markets alone. We believe we are the only retailer in the world with our deep understanding and experience in bringing the off-price concept to different countries, which is a huge advantage. Beginning with our U.S. businesses, we continue to aggressively grow Marmaxx and HomeGoods. The consistent excellent performance of both these divisions for many years gives us great confidence. While Marmaxx is nearing the 2,000 store mark, we are even more excited about its new store performance and potential. New Marmaxx stores have been significantly beating our expectations as we continue to expand and we believe our long-term store growth estimate of 2,400 to 2,600 stores could be conservative. HomeGoods new stores have also well outperformed our expectations and we also could envision growing beyond our current long-term store growth estimate of 750 to 825 stores. There are other U.S. home retailers that are double HomeGoods current size, which underscores the potential for this chain. Internationally, we have great growth opportunities for TJX. In Europe, our current long-term store growth estimate is 750 to 875 stores with just our existing portfolio in our current countries alone. However, we can see growing beyond this. We see opportunities with other retailers closing doors in U.K. and in Germany. We see plenty of retail whitespace. Our HomeSense chain operates only 27 stores in the U.K. today. So we have great potential for this chain alone beyond the growth we see in T.K. Maxx. In Canada, we believe we have the potential to expand up to 430 stores overall, with Marshalls growing to about 100 stores. This week, we're opening our first Marshalls stores in Alberta and Qubec. We are excited about bringing this chain to more provinces. Beyond our current portfolio and countries, we believe our off-price model could work nearly anywhere consumers seek great fashion and brand at great value. Beyond the growth potential we have in our successful brick-and-mortar businesses, we see e-commerce as another opportunity for long-term growth. We are on track with our plans and expect to launch our T.J. Maxx website in a controlled mode by late fall. While we are excited to be nearing the launch, we are continuing with our deliberate approach. We plan to do e-commerce profitably and most importantly, not disappoint our customers. Grow smart is our motto. I want to reiterate that while we see e-commerce as a significant long-term opportunity for TJX, we view it as a strategy in offense. Our retail chains have been extremely successful without e-commerce, other than a small website in the U.K. and a safer [ph] growth in online sales throughout retail. We believe online will be another platform for our value and avenue to attract those consumers not already shopping T.J. Maxx. We also see it as a way giving customers the ability to shop 24/7 and when weather patterns may hold back the traffic to the stores. As a reminder, while we have e-commerce expenses reflected in our plans, we have only a little top line benefit built into the near- and long-term models at this time. We continue to be very pleased with Sierra Trading Post's fluid transition into TJX. We see their deep e-commerce experience, scale and infrastructure as great advantages as we continue to develop TJX -- tjmaxx.com. We're very happy with this acquisition. But before I wrap up, I want to reiterate our supply chain opportunity. We've often discussed the many advantages of running with leaner faster-turning inventories and what this has done to our businesses. Combined with even better brand penetration, it has led to an even more exciting shopping experience for our customers. As much progress as we have made in this area, we believe meaningful top line opportunities remain. We're investing in our supply chain to become even more efficient and precise at delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time. To reiterate, our rollout of all these systems remains a couple of years away. So summing up, we exceeded our expectations for the first half of 2013 and have great growth opportunity for the second half and beyond. The third quarter is off to a solid start. We are in an excellent inventory position and see great product in the marketplace. We have many exciting initiatives planned for the back half. I believe our gift-giving, brand penetration, merchandise mix, marketing and most importantly, our values will be even better than last year. Longer term, we have many opportunities in gaining market share, as well as growth of our brick-and-mortar chain and e-commerce, giving us confidence of the numerous advantages of our business, which we believe set us apart from many other retailers and can be underappreciated. We have expanded profitably in 6 countries and have deep knowledge in what it takes to operate successfully internationally. We have been investing in e-commerce for 3 years and already have an established loyalty card program. We see ourselves as a global sourcing machine, with more than 16,000 vendors in our purchase universe. We have over 800 associates in our buying organization alone. And our merchant organization, all in, is even larger. Our supply chain is designed to support our flexible off-price buying and keeps improving. Further, our management team is focused on 4 highly synergistic divisions and Sierra Trading Post should only benefit our pillars even more. To support our growth, we continue to invest in new stores, store models -- store remodels, infrastructure and talent, which is a huge emphasis for us. Of course, our financial strength also gives us great confidence. We are convinced our strong growth on top and bottom line will continue. We are confident that we will achieve our near- and long-term plans and as a management team, we work hard to beat our goals. Now I'll turn it over to Scott to go through our guidance and then we'll open it up to questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now for fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week compared with a 53-week period in fiscal '13. The extra week contributed approximately an $0.08 benefit to the fourth quarter, second half and full year. As we noted in our press release today, with our above-plan second quarter results, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance. The new guidance calls for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.74 to $2.80 over EPS of $2.55 in fiscal '13, which again included an approximately $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. Excluding the extra week, fiscal '14 full year expected EPS would be an 11% to 13% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.47. Let me recap the changes versus the guidance we provided on the first quarter earnings call in May. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 1% to 2% growth. Also, we now expect pretax profit margins of 11.9% to 12.1%, which would be flat to 20 basis points higher than last year's margin of 11.9% and 10 basis points better than the guidance we provided in May on the high and low end. A couple of reminders that this guidance includes the impact of our e-commerce investments and last year, the 53rd week positively impacted pretax margins by approximately 20 basis points. Lastly, our EPS guidance now includes an additional $0.01 per share negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates, which was not contemplated in our guidance provided on May 21. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.46 to $1.52 over EPS of $1.44 in fiscal '13, which again included the extra week. Excluding the extra week, expected EPS for the back half of fiscal '14 would be a 7% to 12% increase over the prior year's adjusted $1.36. This guidance is based on consolidated comps store sales growth in a range of 1% to 3%. We're planning pretax profit margins to be 12.0% to 12.3%, down 10 but up 20 basis points over last year. As a reminder, this guidance includes our e-commerce investments and in fiscal '13, the extra week positively impacted pretax margins by approximately 30 basis points. This EPS guidance also includes the additional $0.01 per share negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates. Now I will move to the third quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.69 to $0.72, which would be an 11% to 16% increase over last year's $0.62 per share. We're assuming a third quarter top line in the $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Third quarter pretax profit margins are planned in the 12.0% to 12.3% range, up 30 to 60 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating third quarter gross margin -- profit margin to be in the range of 28.7% to 28.9%, down 10 to up 10 basis points over the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the range of 16.5% to 16.4%, 50 to 60 basis points favorable to last year. As a reminder, the third quarter last year was negatively impacted by several items we called out, which combined, had a 60 basis points negative impact on last year's margins. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on EPS in the third quarter versus a neutral impact last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.1% and net interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $726 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.77 to $0.80 compared to $0.82 last year, which included an approximately $0.08 benefit from the extra week. This guidance reflects consolidated comp sales growth of 1% to 2%, which includes having 6 fewer selling days before Christmas. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: My question is on inventory. How much lower do you think it can go, Carol? I mean, I think the store looks great, they're much easier to shop. Just wondering how much room you still think you have there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Jennifer, we're really focusing more on how much freshness we can bring to the stores. So we have a variance in certain chains, some chains we can take the inventory a little bit lower. Others, we want to just actually ship more often. So it's really about driving sales versus getting the inventories lower and lower. And that's what we're putting into the systems going forward. It's really about driving sales.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a question about the -- I guess, you characterize the new store performance in the United States as particularly encouraging. Just interested in your comments about what -- where that's coming from. Is that coming more from top line? Is that coming from the cost side or some of each?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Oh, it's absolutely the top line. I mean, we're driving sales. And if you drive sales, you leverage it, you can see by Marmaxx's margins.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So just -- I mean, it's top line driven and the associated flow through to the bottom line?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about the weather. I know you guys don't like to use the weather as an excuse, but it seems like it was a rather challenging setup here in the second quarter. And then just look at the broader environment, a number of retailers out there are struggling. And I'm wondering if you have any observations, just in general, about what's going on in the retail environment. And TJX seems to be maneuvering extremely well through the environment. What do you hear from customers in terms of the reasons that they're coming to TJX and maybe skipping their trips to the other retailers?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, Kim, that was 3 questions, okay. I don't like to talk about weather. Periodically, we will, we do. And yes, we had some weather -- extreme conditions in Canada and certainly in Europe and even the United States. But having said that, what I'm really pleased about is that both our apparel and our home businesses were very strong across the board. So we are very, very encouraged by that. The broader environment, I can say it a million times, we perform whether it's a good environment or a bad environment. If you take Germany versus the U.K, which have completely different scenarios in terms of the strength of the consumer, both are doing extremely well. We don't say to our customers, why are you going to T.J. Maxx or Marshalls versus someone else? I just -- we focus on our job and executing and just -- Ernie is pounding away, constantly at raising the bar, getting great brands and he and his team are doing an amazing job.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Regarding strategy and your customer profile, could you just update us on what you're seeing with regard to demographics? I know that you had some really favorable dynamic changes going on there. And just as a quick follow-up, the third quarter gross margin guidance, where do you -- it's a little bit more moderate versus what you've actually been doing. So what are the kind of drivers and your outlook there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. In terms of the customer, we're really getting it from all over. Our increase in customer is coming from a younger group of customers. However, we're certainly targeting and focusing on our current customers and will be for the future. So we see this last couple of quarters, a little bit of increase in traffic, a little bit of increase in retail. We have very, very high penetration in terms of our marketing in the back half, but we're absolutely bringing in younger customers. That's where our increase is coming from. Scott, you want to go through Q3 gross margin? I'm going to say, Oliver, we plan our business and we hope to beat it. So I think our Q3 is a pretty good number, but again, we're going to be -- as always, we're going to go for it. Scott, do you want to?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Not much detail that I was going really go into here. It's, again, continuing  it'll be driven on the high side by the continued improvement in our lowering the inventory levels and some built in markdowns associated with that, which has been a consistent story over the past few years. And that's really about all the details to go into in -- at this point.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you, we have a pretty exciting market.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering on the merchandise margin improvement and strength that you've been seeing, has that been driven more by less clearance activity, so fewer markdowns? Or is it more on the I&U side, driven by grade availability? I'm just wondering if you can maybe quantify kind of which of those pieces for us and how you're achieving that improvement?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean, it's really from both, but our markdown rates are definitely going down as we're turning our inventory faster. So predominantly there. Again, Ernie's team is just focused on giving extreme value.
Paul Lejuez - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then how does that change in the second half with you not expecting as much improvement on the gross margin line?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I'd hope we'd beat it. Ernie has the markets.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. Paul, I think, Carol is saying that we just like to be conservative on these plans, especially on the gross margin plans. So we're still opportunistic, we don't like to get ahead of it too much and forecast where margins are going to be. But I would like to tell you that the market continues to have a lot of goods, it's across all areas in the market, all families of business. Obviously, varies from one to another, so not the same in every family of business. But overall, we're feeling pretty bullish on the amount of exciting value buys that are in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. One, it sounds like you think you're several years away, Carol, from maximizing the systems and supply chain at Marmaxx. And I guess, HomeGoods, you always tell us that it turns the fastest. So maybe when you think about the sales or margin lift you've seen at HomeGoods, what could be the potential impact on Marmaxx as you implement the roll out? And then the second question, maybe as you guys think about the housing cycle and the lag between the home furnishing pickup. HomeGoods, obviously, has been benefiting a lot. What do you think the overlap is from a product perspective at the Marmaxx home business for what you're seeing and learning from HomeGoods?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, both businesses are very strong in the home area and there's enormous differentiation between HomeGoods, Maxx and Marshalls. So the way we operate is all 3 divisions leverage each other but differentiate. So that's what makes it so wonderful is the no walls and the idea that we're leveraging. So obviously, the team is going after the home business as it's strong, but I have to keep coming back to our other businesses are very strong; our apparel businesses, our accessories businesses. So we have an opportunity to go after all of it and I think that's so wonderful about it. In terms of systems and the supply chain, we don't give a number. I mean, really, our goal is to keep improving our in-store experience and to keep shipping fresher goods so that we can elevate the volume of each store. I have no idea what the end game is. This new system in the future will also allow us to differentiate even more store by store. So hopefully, you can even put stores closer to each other. So it remains to be seen what that all looks like. So we've changed the end game on Marmaxx, I don't know, several times. And I don't know what the end game is, I'm hoping it's pretty big but we will see.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So maybe more of a mundane question, but I think interesting. The corporate G&A line item, so I think you've guided for that to be down 50 basis points year-over-year. It's actually up, I think, year-over-year for the first half. So is the plan for that still to be down  sorry, I said 50 basis points, I meant $50 million. If it's down $50 million, that would translate to about 30 basis points of leverage just on that line item. So how does that play into your guidance of margins being flat to up 20 basis points when you're 30 basis points right there?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Now, Michael, you're talking now going to the full year?
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Scott Goldenberg: Are you  yes, okay. So our full-year guidance, again, just to recap, we are now saying we're going to be 20 to 40 basis points higher than -- this is including FX, than we were last year. And like you said, we do have some -- we have a bit more on the corporate expenses due to the foundation and some home office moves that were not contemplated, that's now included in our full-year guidance. We also absorbed, just for instance, a bit more interest expense in the FX that we did not have on our last forecast. But when you do apples-to-apples, we feel we're still leveraging net-net about 20 basis points when you adjust out the savings there versus some of the other items that we have which is -- and again, remember, we also have the e-commerce businesses. So when you offset those with the -- some of the decrease that you're talking about in corporate expenses, net-net, we still feel we have a healthy increase on a 3 comp.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So just to summarize that, so corporate G&A, originally, you had said it'd be down $50 million for the year, now it'll presumably be down but just not quite as much. Is that the right interpretation?
Scott Goldenberg: That's correct. So we're -- we've increased a few expenses in the -- both in the second quarter and the back half that will make the drop in the corporate expenses a bit less.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one clarification, I jumped on the call late...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] not significant
Scott Goldenberg: It's not a big deal. I think the bigger point is that we're still leveraging when you adjust out what we would call the onetime items that we called out in the back half versus what we have on, which again is the e-commerce and some of the other costs, net-net, we spoke there we have a -- we're about up where we expect to be on that.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, sure. I actually feel the bigger point is that you're going to get a lot of leverage on that line item. So to me, it makes your total operating margin guidance that much more conservative when you're going to get some nice savings just on that line item. So I'm not concerned about the expenses being a little bit higher. One other clarification because I jumped in the call late with all the other retailers today. Could you talk about the trend in sales throughout the quarter? And if not, could you comment on that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. We did a solid 4 and we're not doing monthly on purpose.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well, some retailers don't report them each month, but as they report the quarter, they'll go back and tell us with comps store sale. So wondering if you guys can do that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Fairly consistent, fairly consistent.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Can you talk a little bit about what you're doing in men's department, as I know there's been enhancements there? And obviously, the Europe operating margin was tremendous in terms of the improvement, buckets of improvements. And long term, could Europe be a double-digit operating margin business?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Dana, you always get to the details, okay. We're testing a lot of things in marketing and, Ernie, you want to talk a little bit about one of many tests?
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we don't like to give too many specifics obviously, Dana, but we have tested men's marketing as a push. We did a test last fall and then one this spring and I guess what we would leave you with is that the results were encouraging and we're feeling pretty good about the results. We'll be kicking the tires a little bit more in that arena. But again, we talked about, Carol mentioned earlier, about the 75% of the customers that are an opportunity out there and we think men's is one of those avenues that we would take a hard look at in terms of the marketing and in terms of our merchandising opportunity. In addition to that, total impressions and total marketing campaign for us this fall will be up. So we will continue that trend, which I think we've also talked about before. Again, this was a men's question you asked but our total marketing push will be up throughout the back half and we're feeling good about that as again trying to drive our top line and take advantage of the environment that we're in, as you guys talked about earlier. Carol, do you want to talk about Europe or we can both...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Go ahead.
Ernie L. Herrman: Europe, could it be a double-digit, Dana, you asked could it be a double-digit operating income? We always smile at that question. We would like to think so. We will never at this point say that because of all the reasons we've said already about wanting to be conservative. We're very happy about where we sit in Europe today in terms of the people, in terms of the trend, which all of you are aware of. We're feeling very encouraged about the sales trend. Again, it's all execution. So a couple of years ago, we are not happy with our sale trend. That was really all based on our own execution, not the environment. So we would like to emphasize that whatever happens in Europe is still up to our own doing and really not as much about the environment. We are very -- feeling very positive, however, about the situation there. And we are looking for further expansion in Europe so.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We also increased the number of stores by 5 in Europe. That's how strong we feel. Ernie's side...
Ernie L. Herrman: The original plan was about 25 stores, we're heading to approximately 30 stores in Europe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes.
Scott Goldenberg: And one other thing, Dana, in terms of -- yes, in terms of the results, I mean, the 190 basis points increase that we had x FX on the merchant strong margin was a combination of good expense leverage and a slightly even bigger portion that came out of merchandise margin, gross margin increases.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Europe, Germany and Poland, outstanding, really outstanding.
Ernie L. Herrman: So, Dana, that really goes to your question, we're believing that the opportunity in Germany exists and that is a -- heading to a profitable margin. So that really somewhat will support your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to follow up on the question on the new stores that you have at the beginning of the quarter, it's really above your expectation. Is there something going on there in terms of are they slightly a different format or presentation? Are you trying any new things in some of the new stores from an inventory standpoint for the locations? Or have you really kind of thought about what's driving that performance in the new stores? And then really quickly on the Europe comments, you accelerated the store openings a little bit. Any thoughts on when you might really start to go back to some of the square footage growth rates internationally that you've seen in the past to really accelerate  press on the accelerator overseas?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we are going to -- we are eking it up, there's no doubt that we put more people in the real estate site in Europe and we will continue to build that and eke it up. The new store performance, it's -- there's nothing different. We'll just continue -- and that's why I think we're feeling so good because there are stores in A, B and C markets, and they're all doing extremely well, we're not doing anything different. So we're pretty excited about the results.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we have a nice mix there with the stores across the board whether it's urban markets or suburban or rural. Again, the pattern seems to be consistent across all of those markets.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Bodes well for the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess a question about the timing of investments and the reaping of the benefits. Obviously, Europe has been very successful from a top line standpoint. Do you have a time horizon on when that becomes a meaningful contributor to operating profit? And could you comment on Europe and its real estate challenge? You said it's been historically tough to find the sites, particularly in Germany and Poland, and wondering if that's changing or if your tactics have changed to enable you to have greater visibility for square foot growth in Europe or in Germany and Poland?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, our tactics have been just adding more people on the real estate side. And in terms of the U.K, obviously, as we added 5 more stores within the U.K. because we just see a lot of opportunity. Look, there are people going out of business, so we're going to take full advantage of that. And they've set up the team that way to take full advantage of it. So we shall see. I mean, we're not going to walk away from anything that we think is viable, that's for sure.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you just provide the divisional profitability? You usually you walk us through comps and operating margins by division but I'm just...
Scott Goldenberg: Omar, an update on the full year guidance, that's what you're...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: That's Richard.
Scott Goldenberg: Richard. I'm sorry, Richard. On the full year guidance, is that what you were...
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. Sales, comps and operating margin by division for the year.
Scott Goldenberg: Okay. Sure. Again, just to clarify here that I'm going to be giving the numbers on a 52-week over a 52-week basis, including FX. So I'm going to start with Marmaxx. Marmaxx's current is now 2% comp versus last year's 6%, that's a 14.5% and a load of 14.6%. So 0 to 10 basis points up and just as a call out, that has approximately a 20 basis impact due to the e-commerce businesses being included, so you'd be 20 to 30 basis points on the low and the high, and that's $17.7 billion to $17.8 billion on sales. Moving to HomeGoods, a 4% to 5% comp against last year's 7% comp, 12.6% to 12.8% versus last year's 12% or 60 to 80 basis points on $2.9 billion of sales. We just mentioned in our previous guidance, that's an increase from a 2% to 4% comp, now to the 4% to 5% comp on a full year for HomeGoods. Canada, 0% to 1% comp against last year's 5%, 13.2% to 13.4% versus last year's 14.0% on $2.9 billion in sales. And finally, Europe, 4% to 5% comp against last year's 10%, margins of 7.1% to 7.4%, and again, that's a 70 to 100 basis points improvement on $3.4 million in sales. And again, just to repeat, the full year is 11.9% to 12.1%, 20 to 40 basis points up on $20.6 billion to $27.1 billion in sales.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you provide us with an update on the environment in Canada, the performance of Marshalls there and then any expectations for that region in the second half?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie, you want to talk about Canada?
Ernie L. Herrman: Lorraine, I would say, first -- your first question, we've been pleased with the Marshalls results. One of the things we've been doing up there, however, is to get our staff to staff up so that we can further help with the differentiation of Marshalls in that environment. So given where we've been, we're very pleased. It's been one of our better new business opening businesses for such a short time period. We're heading up to, I think, close to 20 stores-ish. So again, we're taking a very methodical approach there, however, because we don't want to go too aggressively. So pleased, we're very pleased. Your second question, was that regarding the environment?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes.
Ernie L. Herrman: The environment is a little up in the air, I would say, in Canada. You have a situation where the economy has softened a little. It came a little bit later than other countries, so that was a funny dynamic. However, we still look at our own execution as the crux of the matter, whether it's good or bad, it's pretty much up to us. So we have been happy with the way the sales have been. I think there's been some execution issues in a couple of categories that we're taking a look at, but we're feeling pretty bullish on the back half and feeling like sales will continue to be a bit more of an opportunity as we move into the back half of the year. The currency has been a funky issue in that it's been in one of -- and I've seen it over the years go in many cycles. Sometimes, it's fairly stable for a time period. But right now, over the last, I would say, 6 months, Scott, we'd have this volatile environment on the currency, which plays a little bit of chaos in terms of with the buying of goods because a fair amount of the buying of goods is done in U.S. dollars as well.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And very close to need.
Ernie L. Herrman: And very close to our model, the good thing about our model is we buy close to need. And in situations like this, a volatile currency can come into play there. So on that, I would -- yes, it affects us. I don't get too crazy and we tell our teams not to get too crazy because it's something out of their control. So I think that, Lorraine, is a good recap of Canada.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Drbul.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The question I have is many retailers have missed sales during the second quarter and you guys did a very good job. When you look at the inventory levels that are out there from an industry perspective, has that changed the dynamics in the buying environment at all over the last several weeks and months?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I'm going to say it, and I could say it 100 times, there is always more goods than we could possibly have an appetite for and that has not changed. We spend all of our time trying to teach our buyers to buy the best of the best. So I'm going to tell you, it's a great environment, we have great brands, we love our mix going forward but there's never a lack of merchandise out there, ever.
Scott Goldenberg: In fact, Bob, I would say right now, we've -- we are -- this would apply to all 4 divisions, are having to really pace themselves because there is so much availability in the market. And we always need to do that but I would say the availability right now is at a significant level.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Guys, a question on the outlook for seasonal goods for fall. Do you have any visibility into the availability of top name cold weather goods for the fall? We've had 2 consecutive miserable winters, at least it hasn't been as bad as expected. And I'm wondering if there may be potential shortages in some of the better categories there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I don't think you have to worry about shortages.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Okay. So cold weather is not going to be an issue?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Okay. So one other follow-up question real quickly and that is, I've noticed in your -- in men's area, some of the stores in my region are now showing men's runway department. Is that something new? Is that something you're going to expand? And how of them are there currently?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're always testing new things. And, Ernie, you want to comment on...
Ernie L. Herrman: And, Jeff, it's a bit of a moving target. It somewhat depends on the buys we make as to how to many stores it's in. So it is in limited stores. I wouldn't give a number on that only because it changes. It's really not new. It might be new in the stores you're looking at because sometimes, we hit some other stores that we hadn't hit in a bit.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A question about, you took on some additional debt. Is there a specific purpose for that or could that be used next year for possible increase to share buybacks?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, both Scott and I will answer that, that we're always looking for opportunity so there's always a possibility of increasing the buyback. But right now, we're $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion is our...
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I mean, the primary reason to do it early in the year and in hindsight, it was clearly a good move with
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, it was.
Scott Goldenberg: We took advantage of a 2.5% coupon rate that we were able to get and that's really not much more than that. So clearly, we have, as you can tell from our balance sheet, have over $2 billion. But I just would call out again, approximately half of that is overseas. But no it's -- the majority of the reason was doing -- taking advantage of a great rate at the time.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, when you were -- when, Carol, you were talking about the store potential, does that also include smaller markets?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I just want to say all my questions were asked, I can take the last few off with Sherry, but best of luck for fall and I hope there's enough inventory out there for you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Laura Champine.
Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: My question is about, you've done such a great job on inventory turns. As you start e-commerce again, will that be big enough to make a meaningful change in those turns? Meaning, will you have to stock up more to stay in stock online?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Probably not because we're really going to run our e-comm very similar to our store business, so in terms of the treasure hunt. So it remains to be seen. I don't even want to comment on -- we have no idea how big this is going to be. All I know is that it's differentiated, we're excited about it and we think it gives new customer opportunity, we think that it is an opportunity to shop 24/7. We think it's great. If there's bad weather, it's another opportunity. So we shall see.
Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And, Carol, can you do e-commerce without creating expectation to see lots of colors or lots of sizes available? I'm just wondering if it's going to be a problem if the customer doesn't -- that treasure hunt works so well in the store. Can that translate online?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I believe it can, and I think the thing you've got to realize is how important our brands are. T.J. Maxx is a very well-known brand. It's not like we're launching something that people aren't aware of a great brand. It has built in marketing ready, we have our TV, we have radio, we have social, we have so many aspects that we can go after. So you can't look at it as a brand-new endeavor.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Question on, I think, Carol, you talked about the performance across the store base from some of the higher-income area stores and lower-income are stores and whatnot and seeing consistency there. Was that the case again in the second quarter? I guess I'm especially interested in how some of the former A.J. Wright stores perform that have been converted to Marshalls or T.J. Maxx stores?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Actually, they're doing quite well. And across the board, our stores are performing very consistently. However, as we stated, Florida and some of the warmer weather climates were slightly better. And that was a little bit of weather impact. But in terms of the demographics in the A and B and C markets, they're really very consistent.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then a very quick one. On the remodeled stores, maybe you could give us just a little bit of detail what you're seeing there and perhaps some color around the cost and if that's changing at all and so on and so forth?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, we don't comment on our remodels. We're happy with them. I can make that comment. And we're continuing on our plans of 300.
Operator: And our final question today is from David Mann.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: When you look at the comp outperformance in the second quarter, would you characterize traffic or ticket as being the driver for that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's a little bit of both. Our average retail is up slightly and our traffic was up very slightly.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And when you look at the second half, would you see a -- do you see bigger opportunity in one or the other?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, I can only tell you that we're marketing pretty hard. So we'll see. I think we've got a great mix, a lot of opportunity and I love our marketing campaign. So again, we will strive to beat our numbers and hopefully all of those formulas will help us get there. Thank you. So we look forward to reporting our third quarter and thank you very much, everyone. And thank you, Elan.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect at this time. Thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-05-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Bilun Boyner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Irwin Bernard Boruchow - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Dutch Fox - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, May 21, 2013. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elone, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed April 2, 2013. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So joining me and Sherry on the call today are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our first quarter result, which we achieved over the strongest year-over-year comparisons for quarterly comp and EPS growth that we faced this year. Earnings per share increased 13% over last year's adjusted 41% increase, and consolidated comps were up 2% over last year's reported 8% increase. We achieved these results despite the unfavorable weather that dampened apparel sales in many of our U.S., Canadian and European regions for most of the quarter. We believe this speaks to the flexibility of our business model and our ability to drive top and bottom line increases in almost any kind of macro environment. I would be remiss if I did not mention that I think there are very few apparel retailers out there that would deliver a 20-basis-point gross margin increase in a quarter with one of the coldest winters on record. With the highest quarterly EPS comparison of the year behind us and May off to a strong start, we are in a great position as we move into the second quarter and the rest of 2013. We continue to reiterate that we see enormous near- and long-term opportunities in our brick-and-mortar businesses, supply chain, e-commerce and market share growth potential. We remain confident that we will achieve our plans for 2013 and beyond and have a management team that is passionate about surpassing our goals. Throughout the organization, our focus remains on delivering great values to our consumers and driving profitable sales growth. And now I'll turn it over to Scott to recap the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our first quarter fiscal '14 results. Net sales reached $6.2 billion, a 7% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up 2% over last year's strong 8% reported increase. Diluted earnings per share was $0.62, a 13% increase over last year's adjusted 41% increase and at the high end of our guidance. Foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share this quarter, which is the same as last year's $0.01 negative impact. Consolidated pretax margin was 11.8% for the quarter, flat versus last year's margin and in line with the high end of our original guidance. As Carol mentioned, gross profit margin increased 20 basis points over last year, driven primarily by strong merchandise margin improvement. SG&A expense increased 30 basis points over last year's ratio. This increase was primarily due to increased marketing spending and the impact of our e-commerce businesses. As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses but excluding our e-commerce businesses, were down 3%. We begin the second quarter in an excellent position to take advantage of abundant buying opportunities that we see in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh assortments to our stores. In terms of share repurchases during the first quarter, we bought back $300 million of TJX stock, retiring 6.5 million shares. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of TJX stock this year. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a 26% increase in the per-share dividend in April, marking the 17th consecutive year of dividend increases. In April, we completed the sale of $500 million of 2.5% 10-year notes. Clearly, it was a great time to be in the marketplace. Our coupon rate is the lowest of any retailer's recent note offerings that we've seen. The net proceeds will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. As a reminder, with our international operations, approximately half of our cash remains outside the U.S. This is the first time we've added net new debt in about 7 years. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a very conservative balance sheet. Further, we remain committed to maintaining our very strong credit ratings and continuing our share buyback and dividend programs. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our second quarter and full year fiscal '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. And before moving to our growth opportunities, let me spend a moment on how we capitalized on our flexibility to deliver such strong first quarter results despite the negative weather impact. A clear example is TJX Canada, where despite a negative 1 comp, segment profit margin adjusted for currency increased 20 basis points. We did this by vigorously managing our inventories and tightly controlling our buying and merchandise flow. This resulted in limited markdowns and drove solid merchandise margins. We are ready to receive new fresh merchandise in the second quarter. This is the beauty of our flexible off-price model. In addition, expenses were very well managed. Further, our flexibility came into play with regard to the weather in general. First, although weather had a significant impact in some regions, other geographic portfolio is diverse and the less weather-impacted regions helped to offset the others. Second, the diversity of our mix helped us as home categories kicked in when apparel was softer. Third, our inventory management allowed us to stay lean in the areas which were not doing so well and fed the categories that were helping us to ride the ups and downs of the first quarter, which is typically transitional in nature. We also learned a lot to help us drive sales even harder in the future. Now for our key opportunities to continue driving top and bottom line growth. First is the strength of our brick-and-mortar business. On our year-end call, we shared our raised expectation for our long-term growth. With over 3,000 stores today, we see the potential to grow our store base by at least 50% with our current portfolio in our current markets alone. Today, I want to discuss the reasons for our confidence in this growth. We have 4 great pillars in Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Europe and TJX Canada. It's important to recognize that these businesses are delivering excellent performance despite a highly competitive retail environment and growth in online apparel retailing overall. We have great opportunities to leverage these businesses even further. As we grow our management team, it's focused on 4 powerful, highly synergistic divisions. Beginning in the U.S., we are far from finished growing Marmaxx and have raised its store growth potential to 2,400 to 2,600 stores, which we see as a conservative estimate. Marmaxx's consistent, excellent results gives us great confidence. We have older T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores, many of which have been operating for 20-plus years, that are continuing to post comp sales increases, which is really quite remarkable in retailing. Now store -- new store performance has been terrific as we expand our geographic reach into both urban and many smaller rural markets. We plan to continue to invest in store remodels and have a new prototype in the works as we are always listening to what is important to our customers and reacting. HomeGoods has really found its niche. We have increased its store growth estimates to 750 to 825 stores long term. We believe our tri-branded marketing campaigns have greatly benefited HomeGoods as we continue to expand. This is particularly encouraging as there are about 100 markets where we operate T.J. Maxx and Marshalls without a HomeGoods store. Internationally, we see vast opportunities for TJX. TJX Europe remains a huge growth opportunity for our company, and we were very pleased to see its strong performance continue in the first quarter. Our current long-term estimate for store growth in Europe is 750 to 875 stores, with just our existing portfolio in our current countries alone. However, we can envision growing beyond this. We are the only major off-price retailer in Europe and the opportunities are abundant. In the U.K., we see many other retailers are closing their doors. And in Germany, there is plenty of retail whitespace for us. I also want to point out that HomeSense operates only 24 stores in the U.K. today, and we're very excited about the potential of this business. So in addition to T.K. Maxx, we see a long runway for store growth in Europe with the HomeSense banner alone. In Canada, we continue to see meaningful growth ahead. As other American retailers are crossing over to Canada, we are confident that our 22-plus years of experience in that country will continue to serve us well. We have successfully launched our Marshalls chain in Canada, and we see the potential to expand it to about 100 stores in that country. Overall, we envision TJX Canada growing to 420 to 430 stores. Beyond our current chains and markets, we believe our off-price model could work in virtually any country, where customers seek fashionable brand and merchandise at great values. We operate successfully in 6 countries and are one of the few U.S. retailers to have expanded profitably internationally. As I said before, we see our international experience and knowledge as a tremendous advantage and believe that this sets us apart from other retailers. Now to our supply chain improvements. Our first quarter results proved again the benefit to our business from running with lean, faster-turning inventories. We have discussed this many times, but I can't emphasize this point enough. It is a key competitive advantage of our off-price model. Lean, fast-turning inventories allow us to buy closer to need and constantly flow fresh merchandise to our stores, which, in turn, can drive higher merchandise margins. We also see this as a sales driver because it can lead to better value and more excitement in our stores. As much progress as we have made, we still see significant room for improvement in our supply chain. We are continuing to invest in making our supply chain more efficient to become even more precise at delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time. Now to e-commerce. We are on track with our plans to launch a T.J. Maxx website in a controlled mode in the back half of this year. We plan to continue with our deliberate approach to do it profitably and, most importantly, to not disappoint our customers. To be clear, while we view e-commerce as a huge long-term opportunity for TJX, we see online as an offense strategy. Our retail chains have been enormously successful without e-commerce, other than a small website in the U.K. We see e-commerce as another platform to reach and introduce our great values to the approximately 75% of U.S. shoppers who do not shop T.J. Maxx and Marshalls today. Whether brick-and-mortar, e-commerce or mobile, our goal is to reach an extremely wide customer demographic with our values. While we have e-commerce expenses reflected in our plans, we have only a little top line benefit assumed in the near- and long-term expectations at this time. We are delighted with the smooth transition of Sierra Trading Post into TJX. We are already learning a great deal from Sierra's deep knowledge in e-commerce. We believe Sierra's many years of e-comm experience, as well as scale and infrastructure, will be a great advantage to us as we continue to develop our own website. In addition, we are already seeing how TJX's merchandising and marketing strength can benefit the Sierra banner. Grow smart is our motto. The last growth opportunity I'll highlight, but clearly not the least, is our market share potential. Over the last 5 years, we have significantly grown our customer base and widened our demographic reach. Recently, we have seen younger customers represent a larger portion of our new customers versus our existing customer base. It is great that the next generation is loving our model. We are aggressively targeting younger customers with our marketing and merchandising while continuing to serve our core customers. While we believe we are gaining customers from a combination of customers trading down, across and up, we still see significant opportunity to continue growing our customer base. As a point of reference, our research tells us market share penetration in the U.S. remains well below department store levels, which speaks to the potential that's out there for us. We believe our store remodels, in-store initiatives and more aggressive marketing are all key to attracting and retaining new customers. This spring, we are marketing specifically to men with the dual-branded T.J. Maxx and Marshalls campaign. If you've seen the TV commercials, you'll understand why I'll say we think the campaign is awesome. With a predominantly female customer demographic, we see male cost consumer -- the male consumer as another opportunity for our business. In addition to our marketing targeted to males, we are excited about our men's merchandise mix. Above all, our values are the most important reason new customers come to find us and stick with us. That's why delivering great values remains our #1 mission. So summing up, as we enter the second quarter, we have great opportunities and good reason for our confidence in the short and long term. The highest quarterly comp and EPS comparisons of the year are behind us and May is off to a strong start. We see a marketplace loaded, I say loaded, with quality buying opportunities. We operate 4 great brick-and-mortar pillars with enormous store growth potential. We believe our supply chain improvements will be major top and bottom line drivers for the near term and the future. E-commerce will be an additional platform for our values and, most importantly, another way to reach more consumers, both online and in stores. We see meaningful market share growth opportunities. We believe our store models, in-store initiatives and aggressive marketing can continue attracting new demographically diverse consumers. Beyond this, we are constantly testing new initiatives to find new ways to grow. Our strong operations generate superior financial returns, and we remain committed to our significant share buyback and dividend programs. As a management team, we remain sharply focused on execution in the near term while simultaneously having a very strong long-term strategic vision. We are a team that always strives to surpass our goals. We are investing to support our growth and fulfill our vision of being a $40 billion company plus for the future. Now I'll turn it over to Scott to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week year compared with the 53-week period in fiscal '13. For the full year, we are narrowing our range for earnings per share to be $2.70 to $2.78 over EPS of $2.55 in fiscal '13. This is $0.04 above the low end of the range of our original guidance. As a reminder, fiscal '13 included approximately $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. Excluding the extra week, fiscal '14 full year expected EPS would be 9% to 13% increase over the prior year's adjusted $2.47. We continue to expect consolidated comp store sales growth of 1% to 2% for the full year. We are also narrowing our range for pretax margins to be in the range of 11.8% to 12.0%. This would be down 10 to up 10 basis points versus 11.9% in fiscal '13. It's important to remember that this would be higher without the impact of e-commerce this year. Also as a reminder, the 53rd week contributed approximately 20 basis points of growth in fiscal '13. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.63, which would be a 9% to 13% increase over last year's $0.56 per share. We're assuming a second quarter top line in the $6.3 billion to $6.4 billion range. This is based on expected comp sales growth in the 2% to 3% range on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. Second quarter pretax margins are planned in the 11.5% to 11.7% range, flat to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 28.2% to 28.4%, up 10 to 30 basis points over the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.6%, up 10 basis points versus last year. This is slightly higher than what we would typically expect on a 2% to 3% comp and is primarily due to planned deleverage from the impact of our e-commerce businesses. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS in the second quarter, which would be the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.3% and net interest expense of approximately $9 million. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 729 million. Finally, our guidance for the second quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And now we will open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Paul Lejuez.
Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I had a question on the segment margin at HomeGoods. It was really strong in the first quarter, and I'm wondering what was driving that. And secondly, the merchandise margin there, how much has that been helped by the product that's made exclusively for that channel, if at all? And what does that percentage look like now versus what it used to look like and compared to the other divisions?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Tracy, first of all, HomeGoods is just -- I'll say the word, on fire, because their mix is spectacular. We're really thrilled with it. Even when the weather turned, HomeGoods continued to be strong, so we are absolutely thrilled with this business. We don't dissect and give what product is -- what's driving our specifics or what's private or not. They just have a fabulous mix, and we love the business.
Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You've done more things like having The Palm merchandise. Can you at all quantify how big...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: A very small portion of our business. If anything, we've increased our branded penetration in HomeGoods, and that's what's driving it. In addition to the fact that our guys are hitting so many different countries. We've increased our buying staff. So people are really buying all over the world. And it's one of the most unique businesses out there, and that's truly what's driving it and what's driving the margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Regarding your longer-term strategy in Europe, could you outline and prioritize for us how we should think about your store growth by country in terms of which countries are going to the faster acceleration there? And also building upon that, could you just refresh us on your long-term aspirations for revenue as a percentage of total globally for the international mix?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I'm going to answer the second question first because I have no idea in the sense that we really have the opportunity as we're learning and getting smarter and smarter. We have -- HomeSense is only 24 stores. That can end up in several countries. We've learned a lot about how to enter new countries, so we have the opportunity. And when we talk about the 875 stores, that doesn't include going into other countries. Germany, we look at as probably 350 stores, and we're only 50-something stores, so that has enormous growth. Poland is probably about 100 stores, and we're only 20-something stores there. So internationally, we just have huge, huge opportunities. What's different today than maybe a few years ago in the U.K. is honestly the real estate opportunity. Years ago, we used to have increases in our rents. And today, we're just taking full advantage of that, and so we don't know where the end game is there.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As a quick follow-up, the young customer aspect is exciting. What are we -- are you leveraging different product mix to do that and should we think about the comp impact in any way as you guys engage in that journey?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think what's exciting -- I am just going to talk generationally and then I am going to throw it over to Ernie -- is that what we're excited about is this generation, unlike our generation, it's going to be -- it's a lot tougher. They're going to probably be the first generation in a while to make less money than their parents. And they're very, very value-conscious. So we've been really, really targeting them to do the right thing for them, listening to them and focusing on that. And they're loving our model, and that is very, very exciting because it's not so easy to be able to get that next generation. And we're doing a lot of things that are pretty exciting. Ernie, you want to comment?
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. Oliver, in terms of the mix, which I think is one of the things you were getting at, we have certainly -- without us giving any specifics, you can walk in the store and feel some of the younger categories that we carry and they're there pretty consistently. The goods change from week to week because we turn so quickly. But you certainly get a younger mix feel throughout the store, and that would apply to, by the way, all of our divisions. That would apply to T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, even Winners in Canada. One of the areas we've done, I think I can make a global statement to say that we've gone after the younger customers by being more fashion-sensitive. And when we go after goods that we think are more of a fashion trend in the market, we've had more of that and we've taken bigger risks there, I think. So we've gone more aggressively on that front, which I think helps with the younger customer. And then again, some of the categories, not just in the apparel side of the business, on the non-apparel side, are really going after a younger audience, and I think that's helping. So I think that really talks to the mix.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm assuming your results were somewhat skewed regionally by weather. But were there any noticeable income demographic differences in your comps?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, not at all. We're really -- we laugh -- if you talk to people, people who make millions of dollars shop us and the $50,000 average income shop us, so we really just have such a wide range. But no, we really didn't see any difference in terms of income levels.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First, just a quick clarification, sorry if I missed it, Scott, did you say how much Marmaxx margins would have increased in the first quarter, excluding Sierra Trading Post and the e-comm investments? And then my question is, could you tell us where you stand with the software portion of your supply chain initiatives? I believe you're developing kind of a planning and allocation system, I guess, in-house to help better ship the right goods to the right stores. Just wondering where you are in that. Are you still in the developmental phase or have you started testing it yet? And how and when do you plan to start rolling that out? Will you roll it out maybe to like a HomeGoods first or something? And then how much data have you collected manually? Or when you talk about a benefit in about 2 years, are you allowing for time for the systems to capture data?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, we don't have a specific plan. We haven't looked at our comps and say it's going to be equivalent to X percent increase. It's about 2 years out before we start. We are testing in Marshalls chains first, and then we'll roll out. But I think our rollout will be pretty quick, and then we'll really be able to see what that looks like. But it's hard to say today. And as I've said a million times on several calls is that we do so much manually that we just really don't know what this is going to yield. And it's just about weather-proofing the right goods, the right store. It's about driving more sales per store. So we don't know what the end game is there, but it's about 2 years out.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Right. And so I would think it would also benefit margins in terms of getting the right goods to the right store and potentially reducing markdowns at one store and capturing greater full-price sales at another store. But where do you -- where are you right now? Are you still in the developmental stage of that or have you begun testing?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we're a combination of developing certain parts of it and we are building certain parts of it. And so that's why we say it's really 2 years out until it's going to be usable.
Scott Goldenberg: Scott. I'll answer your question about Marmaxx. Again, Marmaxx was down on the whole segment 20 basis points on a 1 comp. So just overall, we're pleased with that. Marmaxx, excluding the e-commerce businesses, would have been essentially flat on a 1 comp, so very pleased, again, as we had strong merchandise improvement on that 1 comp. The only thing I would also call out is that we had this built into our guidance, and STP was -- as we said earlier, is a profitable division. It just doesn't have the same high-profit level margins that we have at Marmaxx, and that's the major reason causing the deleverage.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Carol, I'm going to throw one more in there. When should we expect to see you open HomeSense in Germany?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Oh, that's going to be a while because we're playing in the U.K. We've got lots of opportunities in the U.K. We want to take full advantage of that now.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to clarify a little bit. So as you look at the balance of year, maybe the year as a whole for Marmaxx, what would be your expectation for the operating or the segment margin based on your current comp expectations? That's my first question. And just a quick follow-up related to Europe. In the first quarter, how did you feel about the profit margin increase on the 4 comp?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, I was certainly pleased with Europe. Scott, you want to go through the -- Marmaxx for the year?
Scott Goldenberg: So Marmaxx -- so with the model, it's early in the year in terms of for us to be changing the model. Marmaxx has still a 1 to 2 comp for the full year. Again, that's against the 6 comp last year. The segment margin again is 14.3% to 14.4%. This is on sales of $17.6 million to $17.8 million and, again, versus the segment margin of 14.5% last year. So no significant changes to the model for Marmaxx.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And that would be similarly relatively flat kind of x e-commerce investment, if you will?
Scott Goldenberg: You would be essentially flat, excluding the e-commerce businesses, yes.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just to clarify what I meant about Europe. I know it's a seasonally lower profit margin and seasonally lower profit dollar quarter. Just curious if you think that this is sort of a typical level we should expect going forward in the first quarter.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, Europe has been improving every single year. Fourth quarter -- the back half is certainly enormous in terms of their total profit, but the improvement has been fantastic. And I'm going to -- actually, I want Ernie to just make a comment regarding Poland and Germany's four-wall profit because it's quite staggering.
Ernie L. Herrman: The one interesting thing going on -- first of all, addressing the first quarter, it is, as you would say, always the lowest quarter. So I know what you're looking at, you're looking at the low margins first quarter. I think, directionally, we'll continue to make big improvements. It's just not going to compare to as you get to the back half in terms of all the profit dollars we bring in over there. And that's why Carol is talking about our four-wall contributions though, and this really bodes well for the future. And Germany or Poland, they're really off the charts. In fact, Germany is actually higher than the U.K. in the first quarter, which is really unheard of on a young business like that, which, by the way, I think Carol mentioned earlier, we have plenty of room for further store growth in Germany. So when you look at that dynamic, that should only help us help the total Europe picture and margin all along the way every quarter as we go forward. So hopefully that answers your question there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] it's up 80 basis points on a 4 comp, so I'm pretty pleased with that.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So first just let me follow up on that. I think on your call last time or maybe it was in the other conversations, you had said that the four-wall contribution in Germany was, I think, the quote was approaching the Marmaxx division. So can you sort of update on that and can we say the same thing about Poland at this point? That's my first question. Then a quick sort of mundane but, I think, important follow-up. Your corporate G&A, you had guided that to be down $50 million this year, roughly. In the first quarter, it was up $10 million or so. So when do we start to see that benefit?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: That's going to be in the back half. I'll have Scott go over it. Yes, our four-wall profit really is getting very close to Marmaxx. Germany is just about 20%, and Poland is slightly behind that. So it's pretty spectacular considering the number of stores we have. Scott, you want to talk about [indiscernible]
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, when we gave the guidance at the beginning of the year, you're correct, the total corporate expenses are a little over $50 million less than the last year and most of that decrease is in the second half of the year. We're still on plan for the original guidance for what we gave on corporate expenses. So it's just first half, second half timing. So most of the decrease or virtually all of the decrease will be in the second half of the year.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And of course, that savings of roughly 30 basis points year-over-year is included in your guidance. So in effect, you're saying that your segment profit margins, at least the guidance is, that would be down, which to me is beatable but -- anyway, okay, so let me ask...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] we have opportunity, Michael.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: With the four-wall contribution 20% in Germany and approaching Marmaxx, and Poland right behind it, I mean, does that tell us that over time the European total segment margin can approach the total segment margin in Marmaxx?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The real estate is more. The cost of running business is a bit more, but there's certainly room for improvement.
Scott Goldenberg: If I can [indiscernible] something, Michael, for a second on that is that I think the most important metric is what Carol's called out, which is the store contribution line. We hope to be improving but we don't have the same leverage at this point, given the number of stores and scale and the top line that we have with certainly Marmaxx. And then there are some costs that are a little more expensive when you're doing business, whether it's adding incremental buyers or just dealing in multiple countries versus multiple states, but significant room for opportunity.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But less competition in off-price, is that right?
Scott Goldenberg: That's correct.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right, right. And as we get bigger, we'll leverage more, the same way we do with Marmaxx. So we don't -- again, we don't know what the endgame is.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Drbul.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The question I have is on the home category, I guess, both in Marmaxx and as well in HomeGoods. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment in the first quarter and sort of given the strong performance, especially at HomeGoods, how you're thinking about that business for the remainder of the year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I'm going to tell you, I think -- in terms of being competitive, I think HomeGoods is a very unique business, and I think our home business. And I'm going to come back to the fact that we do business with over 16,000 vendors and that we have offices all over the world. And I don't really think that our business is equivalent to anyone else's. Our SKU count is enormous. Our differentiation is great. I think it's a very special business and a very exciting business, great brands and great fashion. So I really can't compare it to anyone else. It's just very exciting.
Ernie L. Herrman: I would also jump in there, Robert. Similar to the other question, the younger demographics, we're very fashion-driven in HomeGoods and that has really, I think, helped with actually a younger customer appreciating that business. The excitement level is there for a wide range of ages. We -- like Carol was saying, we focus on really newness and fast turns. So fashion newness, fast turns allows our home business there to really not compete directly with just about any other home business out there. A lot of the other home businesses are a lot more staid and steady, in stock, basic. So yes, there are other guys that try to do it. I think we're just at a level of creativity and quick turns that allows our business to stay very different than the competition.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And if I could just follow up on one question. Carol, you talked about a lot of the merchandise that you're seeing. Is there a category or a portion of the business that you're most excited about the opportunities that you're seeing to buy as you look for this year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It is so across the board. We're -- this is -- again, we're trying to control our guys. It's very vast out there, and it truly is across the board. And this is where Ernie has to control them all.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, Robert, I would say that my job has gotten progressively more difficult lately. There's so much exciting goods in the marketplace. And that applies to all the areas -- home, apparel, accessories -- that it's somewhat, by the way, changes to your question asking which categories. We're opportunistic. So sometimes we can't forecast all the great buys that will happen in a category that we weren't, quite honestly, paying as much attention to, and that becomes now a hot category because of the exciting value we can deliver there. So it's a bit of unusual times.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other point that's important is that we have both apparel and non-apparel working. So we're in a strong home cycle and our apparel businesses are very strong, and we see that continuing. So it's a really wonderful combination to be able to have both businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A quick follow-on question. You talked about divisional operating margin sales and comps for 2013 for Marmaxx. Could you provide the same detail for the other divisions, HomeSense, T.K. and Canada?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. So just -- again, just to repeat what I said earlier, it's still early in the game for the year. But as Carol mentioned, we still see there's plenty of opportunity, both short and long term. So I'm going to go presenting the numbers on a 52-over-52 week basis. And before I just give the divisions, again, we've kept the $2.78 at the high end of the range, but we'd like to note that, that -- this now reflects a $0.01 impact from FX and also a $0.01 from incremental interest cost due to the debt issue we just did. So that's all absorbed in the $2.78 that we did not have in our original guidance. It also reflects a 10 basis impact due to the FX. Having said that, we also have added additional advertising expense for the year since our original guidance, which is also reflected in the $2.78. So I went through Marmaxx before; now I'll go through HomeGoods. HomeGoods comps are 2% to 4% against last year's 7%. That's a segment margin of 12.3% to 12.5% against last year's 12% or a 30- to 50-basis-point improvement, and that's sales of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. Again, changes -- those did change slightly upward from the original guidance due to the above planned performance of HomeGoods in the first quarter. Canada, it's 0% to 1% comp against last year's 5%; segment margin, 13.7% to 13.9% against last year's 14.0%, again, this is including FX, on sales of $2.9 billion to $3 billion. Europe, 3% to 5% increase against last year's 10% comp increase; 6.8% to 7.2% against last year's 6.4%. That's a 40- to 80-basis-point improvement, again, including FX, and that's on $3.4 billion in sales. Again, that's an increase from -- in sales and slight increase in the margin, again, due to the above planned performance in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Question about your marketing spend. It was up in Q1. Is that strictly due to the men's marketing? And then just focusing on men's, are you expanding square footage or adding categories? Just trying to get some understanding of that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we certainly see the men's market and men tend to be buying a lot more for themselves, and we think there's a tremendous opportunity there. We tested some of this last year, and it's worked very well. And now we have dual going. The marketing spend isn't just first quarter, we have put money in through the year in almost every division, a little bit more in Marmaxx. But we have some things up our sleeves for the back half that we're pretty excited about. And as always, last year, we did a lot of testing. We're going to be doing a lot of testing this year for next year. And it's just a continuous -- we want to up the penetration of marketing and we want to reach more and more customers, and we're finding the most profitable way to do it.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So with that marketing, are you targeting men for just apparel or also home? And then just looking at the younger customer base, does that mean you're trying to add also space to, say, children's and infant clothing and some of that related products?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No. Our space is the same. We're just trying to get our mix even better. With men's, we're just targeting generally the men's market. There's nothing specific. And we think, again, we have great brands and great opportunity.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: How about with the younger customer base, are you also focusing on the infants and children's?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Not specifically. It's really about fashion. If you look at our children's mix, I think it's improved dramatically. And again, we keep trying to raise the bar on the fashion brands. It's not about space; it's about better fashion, better brands, better value and turning quicker, freshness.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I mean, I was focusing on children's and infants, thinking you're bringing a lot of younger mothers in, that they'd also be looking at some of the children's products.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that is part of it. I mean, our biggest increase in the younger customer is that 25- to 35-year-old.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Bilun Boyner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is actually Bilun Boyner for Brian today. I was wondering what you think about off-price, I guess, becoming this next big retail channel. Although you're the biggest player, especially the higher end is getting more crowded compared to department store outlets and flash sales websites. What are your thoughts on that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I apologize, can you be specific?
Bilun Boyner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, there are bunch of initiatives by department stores getting -- and rolling out more department store outlet -- I guess, higher-end department store outlet stores and flash sales websites increasing by the day. What do you see about -- what do you think about that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, again, we're over 3,000 stores. We do extremely well when we're next to a Ross or a Nordstrom Rack or -- it's a mecca, and it's never been a negative for us. So we just think it's an opportunity that when we're closer to other retailers, it drives traffic. Our job is to be better at it.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on your buying organization. It continues to grow about 800 strong now and continues to be a great competitive advantage for you guys. Is the group getting to the level where you can start to see some leverage there going forward? Or should we expect it to continue to grow over the years?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want it to continue to grow. If 16,000 vendors becomes a lot more, I'd be happier. And we are very, very focused on talent, on bench strength, on backing it up, on being unique. We're a teaching organization, and that's what we're all about.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My question is on your strategy to go after small towns and urban markets. I'm just wondering what your target is there ultimately in terms of penetration for those markets, what percentage of Marmaxx store growth has occurred in smaller markets and urban areas these past few years and how they're performing relative to the chain from a comp and margin perspective?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Roxanne, we don't look at targeting specifically -- in terms of our real estate, we don't say we're going to go after x percent of urban. We really go with the specific deal, but we learn each year how to better serve each market. So if it is a downtown and it's an urban dwelling and we want to focus our home on smaller items, we can do that and service that. And that's where we're getting better. It's, again, the right goods to the right store at the right time. We want to penetrate our brands across the board whether it's a high-end demographic or a low-end demographic. And again, it's all about value. But we don't specifically -- we make a lot of money in all of our stores. There's very few markets that we don't do very well in. But again, we do our real estate deal by deal.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just quickly, I'm wondering if that younger customer that you brought in, what the average spend of that customer relative to your chain?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I don't think we see a big difference. Pretty similar.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Question on weather. It's been pretty crazy the last few years, warm winter, cold winter, early spring, late spring, the flexibility in your business model. Can you help us kind of work through how that -- maybe there's some anecdotes how you're specifically able to address these kind of unpredictable weather trends relative to more traditional retailers. For example, this quarter, I think your March comps were a little bit softer, but you were able to make it up in April. Is that kind of reassorting to stay in line with the cool spring that lasted or help us kind of understand kind of fundamentally or technically how you guys operate that side of it?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: You want our secret sauce, I'm not going to give that to you. I will tell you every year, we do get better and better, and we have a better understanding of -- every time we do something, we make a mistake, we learn from it. So I will tell you that we have certain strategies, for example, in the third quarter, how to transition. But I'm not going to tell you what they are. But we have learned every year to get better and better at understanding the weather patterns, weather-proofing, being better zonally, being better by store and where to put our dollars and shift. But it's still about the deals. It's really about the deals. If we have an outrageous deal and it's in a category that is apparel and it's freezing out, it's still worthwhile.
Ernie L. Herrman: Omar, I think there's something -- I think I had mentioned this briefly at the last call, when you get these funky weather patterns, and I think this is what you were maybe getting at with the model a little bit, the model insulates because we stay so lean and liquid for open-to-buy. So when we do that and the weather is difficult patterns, it creates -- that weather situation creates a lot of opportunities in the marketplace because goods back up. And so our model allows us to take advantage of that, so that's one thing. I think, if you're looking at overall, our flexibility of this model allows us to take advantage of these unpredictable weather patterns.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. I do think what's a little bit misunderstood is the fact that we could go into a market and buy hundreds of millions of dollars in a week. That's how flexible we are, and that gets delivered right away. That is very misunderstood, that capability.
Ernie L. Herrman: So the weather will hurt us at the retail level for a time being. But eventually, like Carol said, you will see goods show up, and we're able to buy a lot of those goods in a very short amount of time.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Question on the men's strategy. I'm kind of curious, are you seeing -- are you going after the men's more aggressively because you're seeing better brands available in men's? Or is this more of a push strategy where you've just decided, we're going to go after the men's business? And if the latter is the case, is it because the men's business has been outperforming in your store recently?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We did a lot of testing last year. I have to say I love our mix, but -- our mix is just going to keep getting better every year. But we believe that times have changed and men shop for themselves, and it also drives women into the stores, the combination of the 2. As a percent, our men's business actually in Europe is a little bit higher, so we know that there is tremendous opportunity. But we think this is the right time to go after the men's business.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Okay. So it's a strategic decision to go after it, not necessarily because you're seeing better goods in the marketplace.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right, correct.
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow.
Irwin Bernard Boruchow - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Carol, I know you won't be reporting monthly sales going forward anymore, but you did comment at the start of the call that May is off to a very strong start and you've guided Q2 comps up to a 3, which is above Q1's initial 1 to 2 outlook. Maybe from a higher level point of view, can you give any color on how you're viewing the retail world right now and the consumer environment versus maybe a few months ago?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Really, not different. I mean, I think we -- zonally, we had pretty strong business in our areas that weren't affected by weather. We're feeling very good. As I said, we're off to a strong start. But our motto is to plan carefully, plan conservatively. And our guys work very, very hard to beat our plans, and both Ernie and I are hoping for that. But we won't plan our business aggressively. It's just the wrong thing to do.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up, on the SG&A side of the business, I think you really started to ramp up your online investments in the back half of last year. Could you maybe comment on how you see those investments coming up or maybe rolling off as you begin to lap those initiatives this year? And maybe also, what exactly are your near-term expectations when you launch the new T.J. Maxx website later this year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, we have everything in our plans in terms of costs. We have said to everyone that we're keeping our model pretty consistent, and we'll start to beat our model. But we don't see enormous costs coming. And hopefully, we see more sales. But our strategy has really not changed. We want it to be profitable.
Operator: Our next question is from Brendon Fox.
Dutch Fox - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So my question is following up a little bit on a previous question. You've absolutely had huge success in taking advantage of some of the weather-related woes of other retailers this past spring. My question is really, how far forward can you see? And looking out the next couple of months, do you see anything changing with the brands, with the manufacturers, with the department stores that might make the back half of this year different, either more challenging or easier to buy than what you've seen over the last 6 to 8 months?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We don't see any difference. I mean, we think -- we look at last year and we say, what can we do better? We have a long laundry list and those are the things that we focus on. But again, we have over 800 buyers out there, so there is never ever a shortage of goods. And I don't think there ever will be. And we have incredible vendor relationships. So we just -- again, we come back to saying, what can we do better? We listen to our customers. What can we do in-store to improve our shopping experience, what can we do to raise the bar in terms of our brands and fashion? I mean, that's are focus every day.
Operator: And our final question today is from Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the buying opportunities, I guess a related question, and that is, Carol, you talk about the enormous opportunities out there on the buying fronts. Just wondering if you could give us maybe a few specifics or additional color, a little color.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can just tell you that across the board, I mean -- Ernie can comment, we're just -- again, it's pretty typical. We're trying to control our guys, and they're very excited. And it's not just about weather, it's not just weather -- cold weather categories that are sitting there, it's really a lot of excitement and a lot across the board.
Ernie L. Herrman: And Patrick, we can't -- we really can't give specifics, but we can say it's plentiful and across all the different levels, from better goods to moderate goods to -- I think I've said this before, to the apparel business, the accessories business, the home business. It's unusual -- usually, it ebbs and flows, where at certain times, the availability is really high in certain markets and more moderate in others. Right now it seems to be very high across the board, so that is unusual.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Both apparel and non-apparel.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: But it's something you say fairly regularly. And I'm just wondering, are we better off this time versus -- or today versus a year ago looking into, let's say, the summer and fall?
Ernie L. Herrman: I would say there's probably a little bit more goods right now than there was a year ago. But it's hard to get -- it's hard to predict like a month or 2 from now whether that [indiscernible].
Carol M. Meyrowitz: There's more goods than we can certainly handle, I can tell you that. And I don't think we're going to see any -- I think we're going to see the same thing throughout the rest of the year. We're going to have to control our buyers.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: And just a really quick one, quick thoughts on Target in Canada?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, Canada's business, again, when it was freezing out and we had storms, our business was not good. And then as soon as the weather got better, our business was excellent. Where we're sitting right next to a Target, it drove customers to our stores. It was positive, and we'll see over time. They've had soft openings, but we don't really see a tremendous effect. We did plan Canada's business conservatively as we always do when another retailer comes in, and that's just the prudent way to do it. So we think Canada's business is going to be just fine. And again, as weather opened up, we saw some positive results. Thank you. And we look forward to reporting on the second quarter. And thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, February 27, 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elonne [ph] . And before we begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2012. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Finally, our fiscal '13 full year and fourth quarter comparable store sales are for the 52- and 13-week periods ended January 26, 2013, versus the same periods last year. Thank you. And I'll turn it to Carol now.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning, everyone. And joining me and Sherry on the call today are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. And 2012 was another great year for TJX, on top of many great years. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 28% and our 5-year compound annual EPS growth was 21%. We achieved this profit growth on sales of nearly $26 billion in 2012, which was almost $3 billion more than 2011. Consolidated comps were up an extremely strong 7%, over 4% in the prior year. This marks the fourth consecutive year of very strong sales and double-digit EPS growth in a very competitive retail environment and volatile economy. All of our divisions delivered excellent results, and we begin a new fiscal year in a great position to continue our strong performance. After so many years of strong performance, we hear the question a lot out there, how are you going to keep this going? So let me be clear, we are very confident that our top and bottom line growth is far from over. In 2013, despite fewer selling days in the retail holiday calendar, we are maintaining our 10% to 13% long-term annual EPS growth model. It's important to recognize that we are maintaining this model while we plan to continue investing in our future growth in 2013, including our brick-and-mortar business, e-commerce and supply chain. We are confident that we will achieve these plans. And at the same time, we certainly have a management team that is passionate about striving to surpass these goals. As confident as we are in the near future, as CEO of this company, I will tell you that I'm even more excited about the long term, which will be the focus of our call today. With our brands, fashion and value mission, we have tremendous opportunities for the future, and we are well on the road to being a $40-billion company and beyond. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott so he can recap the numbers.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Just to remind you that the fiscal '12 adjusted numbers we refer to today exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation. Now to recap our full year fiscal '13 results. Net sales for the 53-week fiscal year reached $25.9 billion, a 12% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales on a 52-week basis were up by a very strong 7%, well exceeding our expectations, and on top of very strong increases in the 3 prior years. Diluted earnings per share were $2.55, a 28% increase over last year's adjusted $1.99. This year's results included approximately an $0.08 per share benefit from the 53rd week in our fiscal '13 calendar. On an adjusted 52-week basis, EPS growth was up 24% on top of increases of 14%, 23% and 48% in the last 3 years. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS, which is the same as last year. For the full year, the consolidated pretax profit margin was 11.9%, a 120-basis-point increase over last year's adjusted margin and above our expectations, primarily driven by merchandise margin improvement and expense leverage on our above-plan sales. The 53 week -- the 53rd week also benefited pretax margins by an estimated 20 basis points. Gross profit margin increased 100 basis points above last year's adjusted margin, again, driven primarily by merchandise margin improvement at all divisions and expense leverage. SG&A expense improved 10 basis points over last year's adjusted ratio. A number of items impacted SG&A during the year, partially offsetting our expense leverage. These items include a contribution to The TJX Foundation, as well as the third quarter items detailed in today's press release, which together had a 30-basis-point unfavorable impact. As to inventories, at the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 6%. We begin the fiscal year with excellent inventory levels and very well positioned to buy into the plentiful opportunities we see in the marketplace, and continue shipping fresh merchandise to our stores. In terms of share repurchases for the year, we bought back $1.3 billion of TJX stock, retiring 30.6 million shares. During the fourth quarter, we bought back $350 million of TJX stock, retiring 8.1 million shares. After reinvesting in growth, increasing shareholder distributions through our dividend and buyback programs and acquiring Sierra Trading Post in fiscal '13, we still ended the year with $2 billion in cash and short-term investments. Now to recap fourth quarter results. Net sales for the 14-week fiscal quarter were $7.7 billion, a 15% increase over last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased a strong 4% over a 7% increase in the prior year. EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.82, a strong 32% increase on top of 3 years of very strong growth. The 53rd week also positively impacted EPS by approximately $0.08 in the fourth quarter. In addition, foreign currency rate -- exchange rates had a $0.01 positive impact compared with a neutral impact in the prior year. Consolidated pretax profit margins were 12.5%, a 120-basis-point increase over the prior year. The increase was largely driven by merchandise margin improvement, with some expense leverage on our above-plan comp [ph] . The 53rd week had a 60-basis-points positive impact on pretax margins. The gross profit margin was up 140 basis points, driven by merchandise margin improvement. SG&A increased 20 basis points with expense leverage on our strong sales, more than offset by approximately 50 basis points from the impact of our contribution to The TJX Foundation, higher incentive compensation accruals due to the above-plan results and transaction expenses related to the Sierra Trading Post acquisition. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our first quarter and full year '14 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. Before I move to longer term, I'll highlight some divisional numbers for 2012, which were terrific. In the U.S., Marmaxx and HomeGoods delivered excellent performance, with comps up 6% and 7%, respectively, on top of 3 years of great results. Internationally, TJX Canada delivered a strong 5% comp sales increase. And TJX Europe had an outstanding year, with comps up 10% and segment profit up threefold over the prior year. Since our strong performance year-over-year speaks for itself, let me move to the future and our many opportunities to continue driving top and bottom line growth. First, we are convinced we will continue to attract more U.S. and international customers with our value. In 2012, customer traffic increased for the fifth consecutive year. Our comp growth has been driven by customer traffic since 2008, and we have also widened our demographic reach over that same time. Most recently, we've been excited to see a larger percentage of younger customers among our new U.S. customers, which bodes very well for our future. While we have grown our customer base in the last several years, our market penetration remains well below department store levels, which indicates to us that we have significant opportunities to continue to gain market share. We will continue working to attract and retain more new customers with our aggressive marketing, upgrading shopping experience, many in-store initiatives and above all, our extreme value. The next major opportunity is global store growth. We don't know where the end game is. But today, we see the potential to expand our store base by over 50% with our current chains in our current markets alone. We are raising our estimates today for how big we believe our U.S. businesses can be. And internationally, we will continue to see vast opportunities. At Marmaxx, we still have plenty of room to profitably grow our largest division. We are raising our long-term potential for Marmaxx to 2,400 to 2,600 stores, which is 100 to 200 more stores than our prior thinking. Marmaxx's consistent excellent results give us great confidence and the performance of our new stores have been outstanding, significantly beating our performance over the last 4 years. Further, we have been very successful in expanding the geographic opportunities for Marmaxx, opening up in many smaller, more rural markets, as well as large cities, like New York. We also continue to widen Marmaxx's demographic reach. We also see HomeGoods as an even bigger business than our prior thinking. We are raising our long-term view for HomeGoods to 750 to 825 stores versus our prior estimate of 750 stores. HomeGoods has also driven consistently strong results for several years, and its 2012 fleet of new stores significantly outperformed performance. Internationally, we see enormous growth potential for TJX. TJX Europe had a fantastic year in 2012, which is very encouraging for this important growth vehicle. Segment profit margin reached 6.6% in 2012, about a 400-basis-point increase over last year. Further, we are seeing broad-based strength across geographic -- geographies in very different economic climates. In Europe, we believe our opportunities are nothing short of staggering. For now, we see the long-term potential to grow to up to 875 stores, with just our current chains in our current countries alone. While we're still relatively small compared to 875 stores and don't want to get ahead of ourselves, we could see this number moving upwards in the future. In 2013, we will be steadily growing our store base as we take a prudent approach to growth. In Canada, we continue to see significant growth ahead. The launch of Marshalls has been successful. Marshalls has reached profitability in less than 2 years, underscoring our ability to expand profitably, internationally. We see the potential to expand this chain to about 100 stores in Canada. Overall, we believe TJX Canada has the potential to grow to about 430 stores. Beyond our current portfolio, we see many opportunities for global growth. However, we have brought our off-price concept around the world, our value proposition has resonated -- I'm sorry, wherever we have brought our off-price concept around the world, our value proposition has resonated with our consumers. We believe we are the only retailer in the world with our deep understanding and experience in successfully bringing the off-price concept to different countries, and that this is greatly underappreciated by others. In Germany, our 4-wall store contributions are approaching Marmaxx levels, which speaks to how much we have learned. We see our international knowledge as a tremendous advantage for future geographic expansion. Now to e-commerce, which we know is a topic on a lot of your minds. Our goal is to launch our T.J. Maxx website in a controlled small test mode in the back half of this year. As we have been saying all along, we believe e-commerce will be a huge opportunity for TJX, but we will take our time to do it right and make money doing it. More importantly, we will not disappoint our customers. It is also important to understand that with the success of our brick-and-mortar businesses, we view e-commerce as another way to reach consumers with our great value. Whether brick-and-mortar, e-commerce or mobile, we will be targeting an extremely wide customer demographic. Again, while we intend to start slowly, long term, we do see this as a great opportunity to the future of TJX. We were absolutely delighted to add Sierra Trading Post, an off-price Internet retailer, to our family of businesses in December. We will run Sierra as its own banner as we develop our TJX e-commerce initiatives. We are excited about the opportunities to gain leverage in both businesses. Sierra Trading Post is truly a diamond in the rough. We see Sierra providing immediate scale, giving us tremendous knowledge and infrastructure for our e-commerce initiatives. In turn, they can use TJX's merchandising strength to build their brand further. As we have brought Sierra into the fold, we really like the Sierra organization and people, and already see our similar corporate cultures working extremely well together. We believe the synergies between Sierra and TJX will yield very positive results in the medium and long term. The next major factor giving us confidence in our top and bottom line growth is our supply chain opportunities. As we pointed out many times, running with leaner inventories over the last several years has done great things for our business. It allows us to buy closer to need, giving us the ability to drive higher merchandise margins. It has also led to a more exciting shopping experience and better values in our stores, which we believe has driven customer traffic and the top line. The key here is that we are continuing with our supply chain investments to become even more precise at delivering the right goods to the right store at the right time. We are being very deliberate with this initiative, so we still have about 2 more years before we expect to start seeing the benefits from our investments. To wrap up on our future growth, I want to emphasize that while we clearly planned for the year ahead and have a 3-year growth model, our strategic vision for TJX goes well beyond that. As a management team, we are laser focused on sharp execution in the near term but are simultaneously looking forward to the future, aiming to position this company for successful growth for many, many years to come. We encourage intelligent risk taking, sharing ideas across divisions and test many new initiatives, constantly finding new ways to grow. In 2013, we will continue our investments to support our growth, investing in infrastructure, store growth and e-commerce as we position TJX for the next phase of growth and for fulfilling our vision of being a $40-billion-plus company. So summing up, I hope that I've shared with you today -- hoping that what I've shared with you today helps you understand why I'm so excited about the future and confident in our top and bottom line growth. All of our businesses delivered terrific performance in 2012, which we can build and capitalize upon in 2013 and beyond. We are growing our U.S. and international customer base and attracting younger customers for the future. We have increased our long-term growth estimates for our current portfolio and may move up the end game in the future. We are excited about leveraging the success of our brick-and-mortar businesses with e-commerce, another platform for our value proposition. Further, we are confident that our supply chain improvements will continue to be meaningful top and bottom line drivers. Beyond this, we believe we have so many new seeds to plant for our future successful growth. Our management team is focused on 4 large powerful divisions, which we expect to continue to leverage as we grow. As always, the extreme flexibility of our business model and our financial strength gives us tremendous confidence. As we begin a new fiscal year, our winning formula has not changed. We will continue to raise the bar in execution of all the elements of our off-price business model that we have made -- that have made this company great. Finally, above all, we remain focused on our value mission to be a retailer for today and for tomorrow. And now I'll turn it over to Scott, and he'll go through guidance. And then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Before I move to guidance, I'll cover a couple of points. In terms of where Sierra Trading Post and our TJX e-commerce initiatives are reflected, both for guidance and reporting, they are included in our Marmaxx segment. Also, as we've said in our press release today, beginning with the second quarter of fiscal '14, we will no longer be reporting sales on a monthly basis. Instead, we will move to a quarterly reporting practice. While reporting monthly comps has been the retail industry standard for many years, the vast majority of retailers has now discontinued this practice. We believe that moving to quarterly reporting is the right thing for our company and our shareholders, as it reflects the long-term approach we take in planning and running our businesses. Now I'll move to fiscal '14 guidance, beginning with the full year. For modeling purposes, I'll remind you that fiscal '14 is a 52-week year compared with the 53-week period in fiscal '13. For the full year, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $2.66 to $2.78 over $2.55 in fiscal '13. Again, fiscal '13 included an $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week. Excluding the extra week, fiscal '14 full-year EPS would be 8% to 13% over the prior year's adjusted $2.47. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated top line sales of about $26.8 billion to $27.1 billion, a 3% to 5% increase over the 53-week period. For comp store sales, we are assuming a 1% to 2% increase over both -- increase, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. For the year, we expect pretax profit margins to be 11.7% to 12.0%. This would be down 20 to up 10 basis points versus 11.9% in fiscal '13. Again, the 53rd week contributed approximately 20 basis points of growth in fiscal '13. We're planning gross profit margins to be 28.1% to 28.3%, which is down 10 to 30 basis points versus fiscal '13, which again, benefited from the 53rd week. We expect SG&A in fiscal '14 to be approximately 16.2% to 16.3% of sales versus 16.4% last year. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on full year EPS growth versus a neutral impact last year. In fiscal '14, we plan to continue to balance the use of cash between investing to support our growth and returning excess cash to shareholders. We're planning capital spending in the $925 million to $950 million range. Our investments in store growth and remodels are planned similar to last year, and we will also continue our investments in our distribution network, systems and home office facilities. We are planning a stock buyback in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and expect that our Board of Directors will increase our quarterly dividend by 26% on top of our 21% increase last year. Even with this level of shareholder distribution, we still plan to end fiscal '14 with approximately $1.7 billion in cash, which provides significant financial flexibility. For modeling purposes, we're planning a tax rate of 38.2%, net interest expense of approximately $29 million and a weighted average share count of 724 million shares. Now to Q1 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.62, a 7% to 13% increase over last year's $0.55 per share. We're assuming a first quarter top line of approximately $6.2 billion. This is based on comp sales growth of flat to up 2%, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps, for February, we expect consolidated comps to be approximately flat versus a 9% increase last year. At the Marmaxx Group, we expect February comps to be down 1% versus 8% increase last year. For the combined March, April period, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we are planning comp sales to be in the range of 1% to 3%. In March, we are planning comps in the range of down 2% to flat on a consolidated basis, and a decrease of 1% to 3% at Marmaxx. In April, we are planning comp store growth in the range of 6% to 8%, both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. First quarter pretax margins are planned to be 11.4% -- in the 11.4% to 11.8% range, flat to down 40 basis points versus the prior year. We're anticipating first quarter gross profit margin to be in the range of 21 -- 28.1% to 28.4%, down 10 to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 16.4% to 16.5%, a 20 to 30 basis point increase versus last year. This is due to timing of incremental investment spending to support our growth, which we expect will have a greater impact in the first quarter but flat year-over-year, as well as deleverage from e-commerce expenses. Foreign currency exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to have a $0.01 negative impact on this year compared to a $0.01 negative impact last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.2%, net interest expense of about $7 million, and we anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 733 million. Finally, our guidance for the first quarter and full year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. I'll wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal '14. On a consolidated basis, we plan to add about 165 new stores, with about 15 planned closings. This will result in approximately 150 net new stores for a total of about 3,200 stores planned by year end, increasing square footage by approximately 5%, which is at the high end of our 3-year growth model. In the U.S., with the continued excellent results and new store performance at Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we will continue our aggressive expansion of these businesses. Our plans call for us to net 75 new stores at Marmaxx and 30 new stores at HomeGoods. Internationally, we continue to grow our store base steadily. At TJX Canada, we plan to add about 20 new stores in fiscal '14, including 13 Marshalls stores. At TJX Europe, we expect to add around 25 new stores this year. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Jeffrey Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Wondering if you can -- and Carol could possibly talk about what's kind of been going on in February? If we kind of call around, we're hearing that the early part of the month was pretty tough because of the weather and then some concerns over increase in payroll tax, higher gas prices, delay in tax refunds. Wondering if you've seen this in your business, given the fact that you now have virtually the entire month behind you?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Jeff, first of all, we are not seeing any difference in terms of the demographics. Whether it's a $50,000 income area or below or higher income, we're not seeing a difference. We are truly, truly being affected by weather. I mean, the difference is so dramatic between New England, which is comping negatively, and the Southeast and Florida, which is comping positively. We almost see it to a day. A few days after the snowstorm, as to the Midwest, we saw huge comp increases. In addition, our clearance levels are slightly below last year. We kept our inventory very lean in the colder zones strategically, because we knew it was going to be a colder and snowier month. So this is really absolutely a weather story for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: My question is, of course, on e-commerce. Could you talk a little bit about what the site will look like? Will it be like Sierra Trading Post or more like a flash sale website or maybe a little bit of elaboration there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's going to like T.J. Maxx, and it's going to be great value and it's going to be very, very exciting. Sierra Trading, we are so thrilled with this acquisition and the combination of what we can bring to Sierra Trading, which we're not going to toy with because they are a great company. What we can bring to them is tremendous leverage. We can bring to them, certainly, financial backing, market penetration, the ability to get access to many new vendors and vice versa. In turn, they are absolutely brilliant in their analytics. They have a wonderful platform. We are less than 2 months into this and each day, we're finding more and more areas that we can leverage each other. But for right now, they're going to be a separate entity. In addition, they have a wonderful outdoor business, which we think could be very, very interesting for us in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Geez, tons to ask here. I guess, I want to ask about the corporate G&A line. I think you've been investing a lot in e-commerce and systems and the like there. So it's been -- it's actually up, I think, 2x over the last years and up 47% this year. Should we expect that line item to continue to grow, grow at a slower pace, flatten out? Are we sort of past the investment stage of e-commerce? How should we think about that line?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott? Our investments are flattening out. Scott, you want to go through...
Scott Goldenberg: He asked a couple of different questions. I'll try to do one, so the difference there. In terms of corporate expenses, this year, clearly, we had a large increase in corporate expenses, the increase largely due to foundation, higher incentive accruals, a little with our STP transaction expenses and the third quarter items that we talked about, and the closed store expenses that we, again, talked about in the third quarter. Next year, we expect a significant decrease in our corporate expenses, from in and around the range of this year's $333 million to approximately $285 million next year. And again, it's the reversing of not spending as much money, although we'll still be spending in the foundation, not having -- we're anniversary-ing that closed store reserve and less -- a little less spending on the incentive accrual. So the bottom line is we have normal growth, but we do have a significant reduction in corporate expenses. As regards to incremental investment spending, we were on plan this year just to reiterate that, but it did have a -- certainly, there was a growth. But over next year compared to this year, we have a level spending in our incremental investments. So it's still spending in some of the same areas, systems, talent, DC, supply chain. But again, it is leveling off this year compared to the spend of last year.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Perfect. It makes sense. If I could slide in one more. I'm intrigued by Germany approaching Marmaxx 4-wall contributions. Any reason why the other countries can't do that? And then does, ultimately, Europe hit the Marmaxx total margins or is the infrastructure greater there such that it never gets to that level?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're learning more and more about each country. We're pretty happy with Poland. I think another area that's very interesting is our home businesses because both Canada and HomeGoods have been absolutely staggering. And Ernie will tell you a little bit about the momentum at HomeSense. The costs in Europe are a bit higher, so I'm not going to sit here and tell you that it's going to reach Marmaxx's level. We've given a model of, I think, about 8%. But obviously, in my heart, I think we can surpass that as we leverage it because we have 850 stores in the mix today. But we'll -- obviously, year-after-year, I think there is more potential there, and we'll be able to leverage it a little bit better. But costs are greater. But Ernie here, he was just over in Europe.
Ernie L. Herrman: Michael, I was just there few weeks ago. And one of the things we've obviously fixed over there is the execution in Germany. And as we've done that, the 4-wall contribution has gone up significantly. I guess, before we start thinking about what the other countries could mean, Germany still has a lot of room for growth for us. So yes, we're excited about the potential. But like everything else, we like to be conservative in our expectations where we could go there. But it is -- as we like to say, Germany is one of the biggest potentials we see and a country the we're already in, and Carol had that in the script. On HomeSense, as we talked about, same iteration, we only have about 25 stores over there. So lots of opportunity with HomeSense, which has shown consistent performance, as Carol just alluded to, during this past year. Our home business, in general, has been healthy, but HomeSense, specifically in U.K., has been very strong. The other thing we're looking at, given the environment in the U.K. and in Europe, is there should be -- like we are with everything else, there should be some real estate opportunities. Things are tough over there. So we might find similar real estate opportunities actually in the U.K. in a place where we were starting to get at the upper end of our store count. However, there's some great real estate sites that may show up, so we're pretty bullish on that as well. So I guess all that says, yes, we think the profit model could go up there. But as always, we want to be conservative in our expectations. The other thing I wanted to bring up and this kind of plays into the real estate opportunity discussion we talked about earlier, when we're talking about the weather, similar to real estate, weather situations out there create opportunities for us in this model of business with opportunistic buying. So that is something everyone should keep in mind. We may get hit with the weather in the short term, but there might be a benefit later.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I also think, as Ernie is getting that execution going, and Michael, HomeSense, years ago, we didn't see the real estate opportunities. There may be some tremendous advantages there in the next period of time for us to even increase our HomeSense store count, so we're going to take a look at that.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I guess 2 questions. First, just trying to understand inventory per store, down significantly. You're still making supply chain investments, I guess. Just wondering, particularly at Marmaxx now, what do you think the opportunity is to continue to find merchandise margin expansion? And then where are the inventory turns sort of now across the different businesses? I know HomeGoods had been where you made your investment. So where are they there versus the other chains?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Brian, we don't really talk about our specific turns. I can tell you that we certainly are turning a lot faster this year than we did a year ago, so we are pretty pleased. So do we see more opportunities? I mean, Marmaxx is planning their inventories a little bit lower this year. I think a lot of this remains to be seen. Because I talked about, probably for the last 2 years, about our investment in our supply chain. So we really don't know what that's going to yield. And we still think there's this great opportunity in shipping more perfectly, regionally, by category, by store. And we really won't know what that's going to yield, probably until 2 to 3 years out, when we get all our systems in play. So again, what we're doing right now is a little bit more, I won't say, totally manually, on a $26 billion business all manually, but more manually than we would like to, which just doesn't give us all the opportunity. So certainly, in Canada, there are some chains that have more opportunity to bring the inventories lower this year than last year, but we don't really know the end game to this yet. So again, we plan conservatively, and we hope very much to beat our plans.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-on with Carol. You've talked about the supply chain improvements and a couple of years out before we see these things impact. Is it simply software or is it more than software? If you could you talk about the various investments and how you see them playing out, software, DCs, in-store hardware, et cetera.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's mostly software. It's mostly DC and software. It's not as much in-store. But obviously, as you move your inventories a little bit leaner, your stores operate more efficiently, and it's easier for the in-store labor to function and drive sales harder. But that's really where mostly our investments are. When we get the Marmaxx West Coast DC in, a very large portion of our goods come in through the West Coast, which is going to allow us to get to the stores a lot quicker. And it's both -- it's a regional and a chain DC, so we're pretty excited about that.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is it just one additional DC or there are several on the books?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have shipping centers. We have a whole strategy. We have a whole game plan on our supply chain, which includes the Marmaxx DC. We're looking at some changes in HomeGoods in the future, which we will be investing in, to make that chain move quicker and more efficiently. And then we also use shipping centers, strategically. We add them in so that we can, again, get to the services stores faster. And sometimes, in some cases, even ship a store once or twice a day, if they're in a big city.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. So this is all part of the supply chain initiative?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's all part of supply chain initiative, exactly.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Regarding your outlook for the comps in first quarter and next year, could you speak to us a little bit about what metric may moderate in terms of you forecasting low single-digit range versus the tremendous year you're coming off of? And as a follow-up, your earlier comments regarding the widening demographic, could you just elaborate on -- is that driven by your marketing or your product efforts? And also your comment on market penetration in regards to department store reach, could you just help us understand what that may mean quantitatively?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, we're pretty much going in with the same model that we went in a year ago. Again, it's very important for us to work hard at putting a model together that makes sense, being somewhat conservative and beating that plan. So we don't look at the metrics and go, "Well, this is exactly what we think we're going to do." We look at it logically. We look at it last year. We look at it on a long-term trend. But having said that, last year, we put out a 0% to 2% and we ended up with a 7% comp. So we strive to beat the numbers. In terms of the wider demographics, as we learn to ship our stores better and, again, getting more focused by region, we find that an income level of $50,000 works for us and we have customers that are in an income level of millions. We just have a very, very wide demographic, and that's what's exciting about our business. Our market penetration in relationship to department stores is they have 35% plus and we are way under that, so that, again, gives us tremendous opportunity to grow. The last point that is very important is we have stores that are 18 years old that are still comping. There's not a lot of companies that can say that. We talked about the end game, we don't really know what an average store ultimately can end up doing. But our job is to take each individual store and figure out how we can drive sales in it.
Scott Goldenberg: Oliver, I'll just jump on, on one thing. On the conservative comps, one other thing to remember is, in our model, because we buy so close to need, we're able to chase. So we're able to -- no matter how conservative the plans are, as witnessed by what Carol said about last year, we're able to well outperform. And a lot of that is because of the model that we execute to. It allows us to, when things are good, continue to drive harder. And if it slows up, we can pull it back a little. So again, that's always something to keep in mind, I think.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Having said that, I don't think a lot of retailers were able to pull back their inventory as quickly as we did for February, looking at it by zone. It's the flexibility of the model. It's really a wonderful model.
Operator: Our next question is from John Morris.
John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I think it's for Ernie. Talk a little bit more about where you saw the strength in the assortment at Marmaxx in the U.S.? And you mentioned in your prepared remarks, maybe diving a little bit deeper into that, that you saw strength coming from some of the younger customers. And so maybe if you can tell us what's driving that? Is it -- what kind of product? Is it the product? And maybe talk about it in terms of a girls versus guys strength?
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, I would say, John, it's actually more about, I guess, age than it is about gender. So we have -- and Carol has talked about this before, we have tried to go after the younger customer, and it's interesting. That was I think part of -- in Oliver's question, he was asking demographic-wise, if product was part of the places that we've had a shift, and it is, and that we've gone after some more of the younger departments. I would tell you the success in the younger departments is we've been in an environment where there's plenty of opportunities in the market in the younger demographic -- younger age department, so that's really what we've driven hard. It's not really gender-based. It's really more about an age-based thing, which is, I think, what you were getting at. So we look at that, again, as part of the future. We want to capture the younger customer earlier so that they're our customer for us down the road.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So I think the other thing is our business, what is exciting is, even going into February, is our ladies apparel business is very strong. Our turns are terrific. So that really bodes well so that we have a home business that's very, very strong. And we believe that home across the board is going to be much stronger this year as percent to total for a lot of businesses. But having said that, our apparel business looks pretty healthy, so that absolutely bodes well for the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You had some great TV ads running during the fourth quarter. What are your -- maybe you can give us an update on your marketing plans for 2013 in TV, in 2013 versus 2012.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you that our penetration is going to be even stronger. Our impressions are way up this coming year. We are really excited. It's probably a year that, again, we are going to leverage even greater than we did a year ago. We are finding when our brands are working together, they're taking the best of the best of each of their campaigns and they're using it. So some of the campaigns that work in the States, work in Canada, vice versa in Europe, which is allowing us to do things we haven't done before. Our tri-branding is absolutely terrific. Nan up in Canada is doing some very interesting new things. We are just getting more and more knowledge and more analytics around our marketing. So I think you're going to be pretty pleased. In addition to the impressions going up, Marmaxx is going to be on TV more weeks this year, which is exciting. And you'll be seeing some new things that you haven't seen before.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to, I guess, get into the guidance a little bit from the standpoint of -- I know a year ago, your initial plan was basically the same comp guidance for 20 -- for the past year. Are you thinking there's the opportunity to deliver this type of upside again? I mean, not to hold you to it at this early stage, but is there anything that is becoming -- from a market share standpoint, you're seeing some of the full price retailers doing a little bit better? Do you think -- is that still the biggest opportunity for upside in earnings, from just sales and leveraging fixed costs?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Dan, we are going to do what we do best. And I'd be out of my mind to sit here and say, "We'll just do a 7% comp again." Again, we are -- we do everything and strive to beat our plans. We are very excited. But we have to execute our business, and that's what we're focused on.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, I mean, do you feel like merchandise margins have similar opportunities going forward? Or is it more going to be driven on just how strong the sales are versus your initial plan?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie is going to do everything in his power to drive sales and drive the business. That's what we all focus on.
Ernie L. Herrman: And actually, Dan, I have a comment here from -- if you think back in Carol's speech where she said, "We have a management team that is really passionate," and I would tell you, they are very passionate about driving sales. Their intention is to not just deliver the planned sales. But again, we can't commit beyond that as to what that means. All I can tell you is they are driven to drive sales.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was wondering -- I know you mentioned that weather played a big role in the February performance. I was just thinking about how other companies are also talking about the change in tax refund timing, increase in payroll tax. I was wondering if you had any comments about the change in consumer behavior, spending pattern, as a result of those things. And also, can you comment on the comp and margin contribution of some of your smaller rural stores versus other stores? And really, over time, what percentage of the fleet do you think will come from some of these smaller markets?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean, I can just tell you, our small and rural stores, we make a lot of money with and we'll continue building in there. As I said before, February is, across the board, I really don't -- for us, we're not necessarily seeing this change in the payroll tax and affecting our business. It's across the board, and it's very, very weather-related. So I really can't comment on other retailers.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, it looks like about 11 of the 145 stores that you opened last year were in Europe. And I'm wondering, given what a great future opportunity that is, what is your plan for 2013 store openings in Europe? And what is it that you're looking for to drive an acceleration in the store opening rate there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think we're moving -- is it 21 or 26 stores?
Ernie L. Herrman: 25, I think.
Scott Goldenberg: 25.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: 25, yes. We're moving to 25 stores. As I said before, what we don't want to do is to make the same mistake we made a few years ago and grow too quickly, so we are increasing the number. If there are some terrific real estate deals, Ernie and the team will definitely go after them. So if the number comes up a couple of stores, so be it if it makes sense. But I think that feels really good, and then we'll see what happens by the end of the year. We're still building the infrastructure. We're still building the talent. We're still teaching. Again, each time, each year, they get better and smarter, we'll be more comfortable about ramping up slightly.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, given the sort of human resources constraints around that growth, is there a sort of upper limit that you have in mind in terms of either a number of store openings per year or a growth rate that you would prefer not to exceed in order to make sure that you've got the right infrastructure in place to support that growth?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It depends by brand. Marmaxx is obviously a lot easier for us. HomeGoods is -- again, we ramped that up a few years ago. In Canada, we are ramping the talent because of Marshalls, a new chain. In Europe, we talked a little bit about HomeSense opportunity. Different countries, you want to make sure that you have the right talent base there. So that would be a little bit more of an aggressive build. So between Europe and Canada, you really want to get that talent in place.
Ernie L. Herrman: Kimberly, on that initial plan on Europe, that's where we've had a major focus on the talent build. Because we talked in the past, that's where we had to play catch-up a little bit. And we think we made a lot of progress there these last 12 months, a lot of progress. So we'll start to get more comfortable with more stores there as time goes on. But like Carol said, we want to do it in a very orderly, orderly timeframe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Every year under our belt is a lot better.
Ernie L. Herrman: A lot better.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a question about your guidance. I think, normally on this call, you also give your fiscal year guidance for segment profit margins by division.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott will get you that.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: If I might have missed it, can you just -- can you review that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: No, you didn't miss that, Mark, so I'll take you through the ...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We were waiting for that question.
Scott Goldenberg: So just to get 2 things out of the way. Again, the 53-week calling out had an approximate 20 basis point benefit to fiscal '13. I'm going to be presenting the numbers on a 52-over-52-week basis and, again, x FX. Starting with Marmaxx, we have a comp plan of 1% to 2% against last year's 6% comp; segment margin guidance of 14.1% to 14.4% against last year's 14.5%; and sales, $17.6 billion to $17.8 billion. Moving to HomeGoods, guidance of 0% to 2% comp against last year's 7%, with a range of 11.8% to 12.1% against last year's 12%; and sales, approximately $2.8 billion. Canada, down 1% to up 1%, so a flattish comp on last year's 5%; with guidance 13.6% to 14.0% against last year's 14.0%, with sales of approximately $3 billion. Europe, 2% to 4% comp against last year's strong 10%; 6.7% to 7.2%, recall 7.2% is the highest we ever had in Europe, and that was a few years ago, against last year's 6.2%; a 50 to 100 basis point improvement on $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion in sales. And again, recapping, Marmaxx, a 1% to 2% comp on a 7% last year guidance; 11.7% to 12.0% against last year's 11.7%, or a 0 to 30-basis-point improvement on $26.8 billion to $27.1 billion in sales. Again, this is all on a 52-over-52-week basis. And that's it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott, I think it's important to note, Marmaxx, because of e-commerce, because otherwise you'd be basically up 10 basis points.
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, so on that 2% comp, as Carol have reiterated, it shows us down 10 basis points. There is some deleverage due to the e-commerce initiatives, which I called out at the beginning of the guidance section, which we are putting STP and e-commerce in there. Real pleased with the STP division, it's a profitable division. We have growth built into our plan. But the growth -- still with the growth, we are at a profit margin that is not at the very high levels of Marmaxx. And we are still investing in the e-commerce business, so we have some incremental expenses. So as Carol noted, that's the reason for the delevered [ph] -- the base business...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Marmaxx base business is very strong.
Scott Goldenberg: It's very strong.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It continues to be.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then do you -- don't you also give this for the quarter or maybe not?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we don't. You'll find out in a few months.
Operator: Our final question today is from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about how you develop your long term store count goals? And then what role has the roll out of e-commerce played in your model?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Our e-commerce, right now, what we're planning is obviously the costs are all in and we're planning it very conservatively. So when we get to FY '15, we'll be slightly more aggressive. But today, our sales are very minimal. And again, our investments are all in those numbers. In terms of the store count long term, we look at, as I said before, what each business can really handle in terms of the opportunities for real estate, number one, and the talent to be able to back up and drive the sales. So we talked about Europe being a little bit more aggressive than last year but not being too aggressive; Canada, getting Marshalls up and running; Marmaxx being pretty stable, so that's 75 stores; and HomeGoods being 30 stores. Again, that team is pretty stable. So that's really the way we look at it, and our model is a 4% to 5% store growth per year. So I look forward to reporting our first quarter, and thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2013 Q3  (2012-11-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nancy Hilliker Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, November 13, 2012. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning, everyone. And before we begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2012. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman; and Scott Goldenberg. So before we talk about the third quarter, I want to say that on behalf of TJX, our hearts go out to everyone who is affected by Hurricane Sandy. The combination of our own donations and the fundraising effort we held in the U.S. stores this past weekend should come to about $1.5 million going to the Red Cross Discovery -- Disaster Recovery Funds for the natural disaster. So turning to our results. I'm extremely pleased with our third quarter performance. Our strong momentum continued and once again, we demonstrated our ability to post strong comps and profit margin gains on top of challenging year-over-year comparisons. Comps increased 7%, significantly exceeding plan, over 3% increase last year. Earnings per share increased 17%, also above plan, and on top of 3 consecutive years of double-digit EPS growth in the third quarter. Importantly, our momentum continued to be broad-based with all of our businesses delivering excellent results. Customer traffic continued to drive the comp increases at all of our divisions. We believe this speaks to the staying power of our value proposition, great fashions, great brands and, of course, extreme values. What I want to emphasize on this call is that as excited as we are about our business for the holiday season and fourth quarter, we are more excited about the long-term. In fact, as CEO of this company, I have never been more excited about the future of TJX. I believe our long-term opportunities are quite astounding. And before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our third quarter consolidated results.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our third quarter results. Net sales reached $6.4 billion, an 11% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 7%, well exceeding our expectations and achieved over a 3% increase last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.62, a 17% increase over last year's $0.53 and above our plan. These results were achieved on top of EPS growth rates in the last 3 years of 15%, 12% and 41% in the third quarter. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS compared to a $.01 positive impact last year. In our press release today, we called out the impact of certain third quarter items on third quarter EPS and pretax margins. As we've discussed on prior sales calls, we recorded a noncash charge for pension accruals for prior periods. In addition, we recorded an adjustment to our reserve for former operations related to closed stores. Neither of these items affected our core business nor were anticipated in our original guidance. Combined, these 2 items reduced third quarter EPS by $0.03 and consolidated pretax margins by 60 basis points. The consolidated pretax margin was 11.7% for the quarter, a 20 basis points increase over last year and up 40 basis points excluding the impact of FX. So between the negative impacts of FX and the 60 basis points from the third quarter items I just mentioned, the underlying improvement was significantly higher than the numbers imply. Gross profit margin increased by 70 basis points over last year, entirely driven by merchandise margin improvement, which was partially offset by the negative impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. SG&A expense increased by 50 basis points, primarily due to a combination of factors which, together, had a 110 basis points unfavorable impact. First, the third quarter items I just mentioned; second, our increased incentive compensation accruals arising from our above-plan results; and third, investments to support our growth, including talent and infrastructure. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 14% versus a 14% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels and enter the fourth quarter in an excellent position to continue shipping fresh merchandise selections to our stores throughout the holiday season. In terms of share repurchases during the third quarter, we retired 8.9 million shares, buying back $400 million worth of TJX stock. Year-to-date, we have retired 22.5 million shares, buying back $950 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back a total of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Even after reinvesting in our business and returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend and buyback program, we still expect the end -- to end of the year with $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in cash, which is more than our most recent guidance. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I will provide details of our fourth quarter guidance and recap our full year guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. And before moving to our future opportunities, I'll recap some divisional numbers, which speak for themselves. At Marmaxx, segment profit margin was up 70 basis points; and at HomeGoods, it increased 50 basis points. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, adjusted segment profit at TJX Canada was up by 40 basis points and at TJX Europe, adjusted segment profit margin increased 360 basis points. Clearly, we are particularly pleased with our increasingly strong trends in Europe. Let me highlight the major factors for our confidence in our having a strong holiday season and fourth quarter before I get into why we are just as excited about the longer-term. First, I believe our gift-giving collections will be better than ever this holiday season; second, we are already seeing that our stores will be even fresher than last year, offering our customers a constantly changing mix of giftable merchandise; third, we'll be leveraging our global marketing abilities more than ever, getting more bank for our advertising dollars with just a modest increase in marketing spend in the fourth quarter, we started on air last night; fourth, we will be more aggressive with our Gift Card business this year; and fifth, our remodeled stores are offering customers an upgraded shopping experience, which we believe will continue to lift sales. Above all, we will be offering consumers extremely sharp values, and we are convinced consumers will continue to seek value this holiday season. Now I want to -- I'd like to address the question we hear out there about the sustainability of our sales and margin growth over the long-term. Let me start by explaining why I'm confident that our ability to grow our top and bottom line is so far from over. What we constantly think about is how to leverage our flexible business model and how we can improve even further on our execution while having a keen focus on long-term planning. While we obviously plan for the next year and for the next 3 on a rolling basis, our strategic vision is for where this company can be well beyond that, and we see great growth in front of us. We believe we have many ways to plant seeds to successfully grow TJX for many years of come. Let me share some of the reasons I'm as excited as I am about the future of TJX. First, we have huge opportunities to attract more U.S. and international customers with our values. Over the last 3 years, our customer traffic is up mid-teens, and it continued to be up in the third quarter. Also, we have significantly widened our demographic reach over the same period. While we've made substantial market share gains, our penetration levels remain well below those of most department stores and enormous opportunities remain. We are also gaining traction with younger customers. We are offering better junior brands and contemporary categories and are marketing more aggressively to this group, engaging them through social media. In order to continue to gain share, we're targeting a wider audience with powerful marketing, and we keep working to make their shopping experience better and better. We have many in-store initiatives underway. The next major factor in our confidence in top and bottom line growth is our supply chain opportunities. As efficient as our supply chain is, we are making significant investment designed to let us run with even leaner and faster turning inventories and to become even more precise in delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We are being very deliberate with these initiatives, so we still have several more years before we anticipate realizing the full benefits. The third major long-term opportunity is store growth. We believe we have the potential to grow our store base by up to 50% with just our existing banners in our existing geographies alone. As our banners become bigger, we gain even more ability to leverage these businesses for our customers. I'm going to begin by talking about our international opportunities because as department stores have begun branching into off price, I believe we have a huge leg up in this space, not only because we are the leading off-pricer in North America, but because we have a strong foothold in Europe with a lot of open space in which to grow. It's difficult enough to execute the off-price model in this country, let alone what it takes to succeed at off-price retailing outside the U.S., something I believe is underestimated by many. We see TJX as the only company in the world with a deep understanding and experience on how to enter different countries with our off-price concept. And we believe we will continue to maintain our off-price leadership status. I just got back from Europe, and I see our opportunities there are staggering. We see the potential to grow up to 875 stores with just our current banners in our current country. We see tremendous opportunity to gain greater leverage in all of our current European geographies and may tweak our store growth model upward in the future. It is important to note that TJX Europe reached a 9% segment profit in the third quarter, and we are estimating it to be nearly 9% in the fourth quarter. Further, TJX Europe achieved record third quarter segment profit margin this quarter, and performance was consistent across its geographies. We are very pleased with the progress TJX Europe is making. We believe we have only scratched the surface in terms of this business' potential. One of our greatest strengths is learning from our mistakes to become an even stronger business, sharing ideas across divisions and testing new ideas and seeds. We are doing this at TJX Europe, and everywhere we look in Europe, we see opportunity. Key to our confidence in TJX Europe is that we have a strengthened and more seasoned organization. We are marketing more aggressively and our customer traffic increases tell us our values are resonating with our consumers. We believe the opportunity for future growth of Europe is vastly underrated by others. Further, our view is that if executed well, the off-price concept can work in almost any country where brand and value matter. We believe that we're the only off-price retailer with the international experience to say that. Moving to North America, at TJX Canada, we see plenty of growth ahead. We're very pleased with our Marshalls stores in Canada, which we believe can be 100-store chain. In the U.S., we are far from finished with growth. Our broad customer demographic reach, as well as TJX's universe of over 15,000 vendors and 25 billion-plus buying pencil give us tremendous confidence. We are not done leveraging Marmaxx, our largest division. We've been achieving tremendous results for the last several years against the backdrop of a difficult economy and the growth of online retailing. We are convinced Marmaxx will continue to deliver strong performance and become an even bigger business. New store performance has been phenomenal over the last 3 years, and we are doing well in many kinds of demographic and geographic markets including urban and rurals. We also have the ability to go into many types of locations with different configurations. All this gives us confidence in Marmaxx's potential to grow to at least 2,400 stores. We'll be discussing Marmaxx's growth potential further on the year-end call in February. We believe HomeGoods can grow to 750 stores, nearly double its size, and potentially larger long-term. The strong new store performance and markets we opened last year is extremely encouraging, and other U.S. home retailers are more than twice the size of HomeGoods, speaking to the size of our opportunities to this chain. In terms of e-commerce, we see online as another growth catalyst and as an additional way to increase our customer base for the future. We're not talking timing today, but we will have more to say about e-commerce on our year-end call. Before closing, just a few words on our full year guidance, which we further raised today. On a 52-week adjusted basis, our new guidance for full year EPS is in the $2.38 to $2.41 range and represents a 20% to 21% increase over an adjusted $1.99 last year, well above our growth model of 10% to 13% annual EPS growth. Scott will discuss our guidance in more detail in a moment. As always, we will strive to surpass our goals. So summing up, in the short-term, our year-to-date performance is significantly above plan and demonstrates, once again, our ability to deliver strong comps and margin growth over challenging comparisons. We enter the fourth quarter with tremendous momentum in all our businesses, and we will be aggressively pursuing the plentiful opportunities for the fourth quarter. Our inventories are turning even faster than last year, and consumers will be seeing a constantly changing, exciting merchandise mix every time they shop us throughout the holiday season. I believe our gift-giving selections brand offerings and marketing campaigns and our values are more compelling than ever this holiday selling season. I am convinced we will drive more new customers to our stores and keep them coming back long after December. Long-term, I see our growth opportunities as truly remarkable. I hope that whatever I shared with you today helps you understand the passion of this management team and organization to constantly execute even better and capitalize on our opportunities. One of our greatest opportunities for the future is our leadership position and off-price experience. Importantly, as a management team, we are focused on fewer bigger businesses, all with a very wide demographic reach and very strong short- and long-term economics. Further, we don't believe the drivers of our substantial sales and margin growth are going away. Rather, we will build upon them. I'll end by reiterating what I said at the top of this call, which is that as CEO of the company, I'm so excited about the future of TJX. And now I'll turn it back to Scott.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '13 guidance, beginning with the full year. We are raising -- we are further raising our guidance for the full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.48, which would represent a 23% to 25% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, we have previously raised our full year EPS guidance when we announced October sales a couple of weeks ago. Let me recap the key changes versus the guidance we provided on the second quarter earnings call in August. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 5% to 6% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 4% to 5% growth. We also expect pretax margins of 11.6% to 11.7%, which is 90 to 100 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%. Now a few reminders about our full year guidance. We have a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we expect will benefit the full year and fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, adjusted full year EPS guidance would be $2.38 to $2.41, up 20% to 21% over the adjusted $1.09 -- $1.99 in fiscal '12. Our plan assumes a $0.02 per share negative impact from the higher tax rate of 38.4%. Our full year outlook continues to assume fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.75, up 16% to 21% over $0.62 last year. Again, this range includes an estimated $0.07 benefit from the 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar. On the 13-week basis for the fourth quarter excluding the $0.07 benefit, adjusted fourth quarter EPS guidance would be $0.65 to $0.68, up 5% to 10% over $0.62 in fiscal '12. To reiterate what Carol stated, as always, we will strive to exceed our goals. Please note that the numbers I'm about to discuss all include the positive impact of the 53rd week in our fiscal '13 calendar this year, which for modeling purposes, represents about 50 basis points in the fourth quarter. Now to further details on the fourth quarter. We're assuming fourth quarter sales in the $7.4 billion to $7.5 billion range. This is based on estimated comp sales growth of flat to up 2% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. Before I give you our monthly comp guidance, let me update you on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. At the height of the storm, we had several hundred stores closed, but now fewer than 10 stores are closed, and we expect less than a handful could be closed for an extended period of time. In regions that weren't impacted by the storm, sales trends have been continuing to comp up mid-single digits. Further, as life became more normalized for people in the impacted areas, our sales returned to our recent solid trends. Our comp guidance for November refracts these factors and the unusually warm weather on the West Coast in the beginning of the month, which has now eased. So for November, we're expecting comps to increase 1% to 2% on a consolidated basis and to be flat to up 1% at the Marmaxx Group. In both December and January, on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we expect comps to be flat to up 2% over high single-digit comps last year. Pretax margins for the fourth quarter are planned in the 11.6% to 11.9% range, up 30 to 60 basis points over the prior year. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross margins -- profit margins to be in the range of 27.5% to 27.7%, up 30 to 50 basis points versus the prior year. In terms of SG&A as a percent of sales, for the fourth quarter, we are anticipating a rate of 15.7% to 15.8%, flat to 10 basis points better than last year. Foreign exchange rates assuming current levels are expected to have a neutral impact on EPS in the fourth quarter, the same as last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% in the fourth quarter, up 110 basis points versus last year and a $0.01 negative impact to EPS. Net interest expense is estimated to be approximately $7 million, and we anticipated a weighted average share count of approximately 740 million. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we're happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, your European business is obviously one of the shining stars in the portfolio, and I'm wondering, how you're thinking about...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: One of them.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, exactly, one of them. It's hard when you have so many proud, proud children. How are you thinking about the eventual expansion of that business? And what is the time frame under which you might consider pursuing some additional countries for that business?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, Kimberly, I think what Ernie and I see is so much potential in our current countries today. So we've learned how to enter new countries. So we're getting better and better at that. We know how we will position ourselves when we do go to the next country. But more importantly, we don't know where the end game is in our current European businesses, and we really have to understand that before we leap into the next country because we want to leverage all of that. And very similar to Marmaxx, we seem to keep upping our store count. We don't know when the end game is. So over time, we'll understand that better. But we're just extremely pleased with the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the 14% drop in inventory. Do you -- I presume you do feel comfortable with that level. But given the rate of sales growth that you've seen, do you -- or is there any concern that you might potentially have some inventory shortages in the fourth quarter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think Ernie's concerned because he's trying to keep his guys home. So you may want to comment on that. I am certainly not worried about our inventory levels being too lean.
Ernie L. Herrman: In fact, I've recently done a temperature check, and if anything, we're -- like Carol said, there's so many goods in the market, we are just really trying to hold ourselves back from buying too much too soon. So and that's from a recent -- going out, I try to stay in touch with what the buyers and merchandise managers are feeling, and that's pretty much what we're experiencing right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I'm going to ask one clarification and one question. First, for clarification, Scott, could you provide us with your updated comp and segment margin assumptions for the year? And then my question is, I would agree, Carol, I don't think that you guys have too little inventory. I actually think that the store looks better with less inventory. But could you talk about what you're in-store inventory turns have been doing? I assume that they're accelerating, but kind of like where they are now versus where they were a couple of years ago?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott has those numbers, but it's pretty staggering, the changes in our inventory. And I'm glad that you noticed that we have a lot of inventories in our store because I agree with you, I think we can lean them up a bit more.
Scott Goldenberg: So first, Jennifer, to answer your question on the store turns, if you go back a few years at the TJX level, we were turning at the 9x a year. And we've been, at the end of last year, we are at fiscal -- for our fiscal '12, we are between 10 and 11. And right now, we're trending with our current inventory projections to be approximately 12. So and that improvement has really come cross by all the divisions increasing proportionately as we've increased those turns in the last 3 to 4 years. Now to your question on the division full year guidance, so before I review that, I just want to point again all the numbers I'm giving out are on a 53-week basis. So now let me start with Marmaxx, comps for the full year are 5% to 6%, with a pretax margins of 14.4. Again, an 80 basis points improvement over last year; HomeGoods, 6 to 7 comps, pretax margins, 11.9 to 12.0, 130 to 140 basis points better than last year; TJX Canada, 13.6 to 13.7 x FX, or an 80 to 90 basis points improvement x FX -- I'm sorry, the comp, 4% for Canada; TJX Europe, 8 to 9 comp, 6.0 to 6.2 x FX, on again, 53-week basis, 360 to 380 basis points better x FX. And just to repeat what we gave out earlier, 5 to 6 comp for TJX, 90 to 100 points better on a 11.6 to 11.7 x FX.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, one other comment I just want to make, Jennifer, in terms of the inventory, is that our biggest investment is still in IT and on supply chain. And this is where we're investing for the future. So we believe that we still have a long way to go, and we can be a lot better at executing. So again, it's a tremendous opportunity for us. But that's where our money is being invested.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One clarification first, I guess, from Scott. On the gross margins, I thought you said that all of the gains were from the merchandise margins side, so just curious why there wasn't any occupancy leverage on the 7 comp? And then maybe for Carol, if you talk about the traffic gains or the customer acquisition you talk about, where do you think the share is coming from? I think you've said previously that JCPenney, not really where you're thinking the gains were coming from. So just curious, obviously, the category is growing. You guys are the category, so just wondering where you think from other channels you guys are gaining customers both here and in Europe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think it's really across the board. And I think we are just so strong on educating the consumer in terms of the value and the brand. And really, just again, coming back to educating the consumer to what off-price is all about. So we're seeing an increase in all segments. As you all know, we've been going after the younger customer, which really bodes well for our future. And a big chunk of our new customers are younger customers. And we're pursuing this very aggressively. So that's really where the gain is coming from. But it's really across the board. It's not in any specific -- coming from any specific store or competitor.
Ernie L. Herrman: Brian, I will just jump in. We've also talked before about how we trade fairly broadly. So what Carol is saying, we don't -- I don't think we get market share from just 1 or 2 retail specifically because we are not trying to go to a specific sector of the market with our business. So, again, we do, I think, get from many different marketplaces.
Scott Goldenberg: And again, the last piece that you talked about, why we didn't leverage more in the occupancy -- in the gross profit margin due to occupancy. Again, a common theme here for last quarter, this quarter, are above plan results as we have higher incentive accruals that are offsetting some of the gains that we would have seen -- normally seen there.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen.
Nancy Hilliker: This is Nancy Hilliker, filling in for Oliver Chen. Our question is actually back to the inventory and the micro merchandising strategies with the new technology. We're really excited about it and again, congratulations. We'd like to know a little bit about how much data you've seen so far from your investment in this IT technology, whether you've seen that product mix is across different areas or different -- and just kind of whether you plan to change the store mix depending on those popular categories? And maybe when we might see more of an impact, you said over the next few years, but maybe a little more detail on that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, no, I mean, we really haven't reaped the benefits of almost everything we're working on yet, and we see that in the future. But we're still all about flexibility, and we're all about off-price and we're all about the brands, and we'll continue to be that in the future. It will just help us really drive sales per store up. And it doesn't mean that we're changing our concept at all. It's just that we can really take advantage of each store and what's going on in each store. So we haven't really touched the benefits of it yet. The next few years are going to be they are investing. As we said, this year was a big year, and we started to flatten out in the future. But that's where our dollars are going.
Nancy Hilliker: Okay. And did you say that you do expect to see maybe a better change in the store mix on different maybe categories across regions, or is that the purpose of -- part of the purpose...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I hope our better store mix is just because we're being better as a company. And it's easier to upgrade our mix and to be better at who we are.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask a bit more detail about what you talked the -- seeing more traffic from a younger demographic. I think in the past you've given some statistics along the lines of about 25% of U.S. shoppers have visited your stores in the last year. Can you compare that to what you see from department stores? Can you also compare that to where it may have been a year ago, what kind of growth you're seeing there? But really, the crux of my question is, where is the younger demographic? I assume that's a lower number for younger demographics, but can you talk about the growth that you're seeing there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I, really, I can't compare what's going on in individual department stores and their statistics. I can only tell you that every year, we're increasing additional traffic coming to our stores. So even though that 75% number each year just gets a little bit stronger, and of that percent increase, we have higher percent of younger customers. So as our average age is, we are growing. Our average age is becoming a little bit lower. And that tells us that we're getting a much younger demographic.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you think that's because of the advertising that you're putting behind it, or is that a function of different brands that you're bringing in?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie, you want to comment?
Ernie L. Herrman: I think it's the function of -- the merchandise is a big part of it. You can sometimes easily just think it's the advertising. I think it's multiple fronts. The advertising got a piece of it. I think the way we've -- in the advertising, try to make use of social media, certainly, that is going to appeal to younger customers. If you look at actually what we've physically done in some of the stores, we've talked about the different things in the stores, The CUBE, clearly, that would appeal to a younger customer. And then just from the -- which I wouldn't give specifics on, but some of the nature, some of the categories we've gone after also really lines up with the younger audience. So I think from all those different perspectives, we've been able to capture a younger, new customer, specifically.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Michael, like everything else, we are learning how to connect with that consumer. And as we get more information, and it's the same thing as we learn from our mistakes. We're really learning how to connect with that younger customer. And I'm hoping that only improves over time. So we have some very interesting things for holiday up our sleeves to take it even further, so it's pretty exciting.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. One other -- it sounds it. One other follow-up, if I could, just on the e-commerce business. What are your learning in the international business where you've -- where that's been rolled out? And how do you think that will help you make some of your decisions in the U.S.?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're learning a lot. We're learning a lot. We're learning about categories. We're learning about how the customer responds. We're learning about value. We're learning about how far we can take that. I can go on and on, but as everything else in this company, we leverage each other, and we learn. And that's why we put that in place. It's small, but we're learning, and it's going to really help us in the long-term.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It gives you confidence that e-commerce will work in the off-price channel, though?
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just one kind of short-term oriented question, which is, I believe last year in the fourth quarter, you had particularly strong sales. And some of it came, I guess, from moving some relatively more promoted winter apparel, for example, so the gross margin comparison seems not as challenging, for example, as the sales comparison for -- would you tend to agree with that? And I guess, the follow-up related to that is, if you were to generate an upside in the fourth quarter this year, would you think -- where do you think the biggest opportunity could be? Is it more sales, or is it merchandise margin?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would hope it's sales. I mean, it's always we're being conservative, hopefully. We're going out with a 0 to 2 for the quarter, and a 0 to 2 for December. Our trend has obviously been stronger than that, and we're pretty excited about our mix. We think as every year, we get better and better at it, so we are hoping that there's certainly upside on the sale, but we will see.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on your comment regarding remodeled stores. Can you give us a sense of how many stores have been done, the pace of remodels for 2013? The impact it has for the business, either quantitatively or qualitatively? And the costs involved in a store remodel?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. I will give you the number, but we don't really discuss the increases quantitatively. We haven't -- we have not put those numbers out. But this year, we did a little over 300. At the end of the year, we'll update next year. We probably have pretty similar next year. And we have some other in-store initiatives, even in our remodeled stores where we are finished with stage 1, we certainly have some ideas to stage 2 and 3 for the future. So I don't want people to think that we remodeled them, we're all done, and that's the end of it. I think we have a little over 75% of Marmaxx done to date?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, that's correct, Carol. And almost 70%, as we -- the last few years, big emphasis on Marmaxx and now we're, this year or in the last year, we focused again on Canada as well, and almost 70% of the Canadian stores will be remodeled to the new prototype. And again, that's on top with what Carol said, the 339 we expect to do this year's on top of almost 400 in the 2 previous years.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So understand, this is remodel, number one; secondly, we have -- next year, obviously, we plan it in our model, it's in our model. But we constantly see things that we can improve. And our goal is to just keep driving those sales up in each individual store.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the cost per store, the investment in the store remodels?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We don't -- Richard, we don't give those numbers out. But it's, again, it's in the model. And it's in our capital expense and our expense.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Could you talk about, a little bit, how you're thinking has evolved, or if it's evolved in terms of moving beyond some of the core categories where you've obviously excelled apparels, footwear, accessories, home. Have you started at all to think about how to leverage the business in your existing distribution and the framework you've set up with the buyer network in categories, some of the other great categories that are out there like beauty, cosmetics, skincare, I don't know if there's other ways to think about your business model long-term, where it could go?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think all the categories you just talked about are in our stores. So the idea, obviously, is we have the most flexible floor in the world and any category that's hot, we're going to go after. So if you look in our stores today, and we don't talk about it, again, we have many new ideas, new initiative, and we're open to any category. As you all know, we can take a whole department off the floor 1 day and put something else on it. That's what's so wonderful about our business. So, hopefully, we're ahead of it all. And I think we are.
Operator: Our next question is from Evren Kopelman.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Carol, given the long-term store potential numbers you highlighted, can you share your thoughts on the square footage growth space? Would you want to accelerate towards high-single digits there? And what are the constraints and considerations?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think we target anywhere between 4% and 5% square footage growth and, hopefully, TJX will keep growing way beyond when I'm in the 80s and 90s. But I think our business is all about finding new ways to continue to grow at a really good steady pace and make sure that we're bringing those dollars to the bottom line. So there really isn't a tremendous need for us to start to go 6%, 7%, 8%. We'll talk in the future more about e-commerce and what that means, but we just see that how do we continue 10, 15 years from now to grow this business at the same kind of level. And that's what we're excited about.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Carol, you mentioned department stores entering off-price. Just wondering if you're seeing anything from a competitive perspective that kind of makes you call that out, or you're seeing them gain any traction in any particular regions or impact any part of your business?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Not really. I mean, we sit with some -- the Rack, and kind of love them as a partner. Most of them -- we sit next to all our competitors, be it Ross, Burlington. So we like it. It's a mecca, it brings people there. It's not a negative to us in any way.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got you. And then just one follow-up. As you turn inventories faster, are there any parts of your organization that you would consider strained and maybe in need of more investment, or has that groundwork already been established, which is allowing you to turn faster?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that's our investment. When we talk about talent and we talk about systems and IT, systems and logistics, that's where all our investment is going. So we've worked very hard the last many years to increase our talent pool and our bench strength, and that is where our dollars are going. So we're, hopefully, ahead of it and setting ourselves up for the future. That's why we think long-term, we are -- it's an interesting business because obviously, we're worried about tomorrow. We run and gun every day. We have all that flexibility, but we also want to look many years out and say what can we be, and are we setting ourselves up for that. So we do a lot of short-term, medium- and long-term planning.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Couple of quick things, can you talk a little bit about the enhancements that you've been making? The new stores have done great, the marketing investments are paying off. Are there more opportunities for more cost to come out in new stores and generate higher returns? And as you see average price point within the store, just as your customer mix is changing, could the average price point move -- could we see it move higher over time?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want -- we want to give extreme value. So I'll never sit there -- our average price point today and our average ticket is pretty flat. And we love that because what we think we have done is upgraded our mix, but given the customer even better value. So Dana, my goal wouldn't be to go and increase our ticket. My goal would be to increase the mix and making a better mix and still give the customer absolutely incredible value. In terms of leveraging costs, we want to drive sales, so our goal is not to pull out the cost of servicing our customers in the stores. You want to service your customers and you want to keep doing a better job. But with that, where we want to invest is to drive sales even harder. So we're leveraged by driving sales a lot harder. We still have our cost initiatives in place, we're still going after a certain goal, and we'll talk about it at the end of the year, as we always do, and there are still places where we feel that we can cut a bit. But it's not going to be at the expense of the customer for our in-store service.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up question regarding the hurricane impact. I'm wondering if you are seeing any impact on rising transportation costs in the area impacted by the hurricane. And also, have you seen an uptick in opportunistic buys?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, no, we haven't really had any increases in the costs in terms of the logistics piece of it. We -- what can I say? When things are disruptive, it usually does benefit TJX. I don't really want to go into detail there, but we will say, I just -- there is a -- from a vendor perspective and from certain areas of the country, it has been more difficult for people to move goods around, so that usually yields opportunity for us, but we'll see.
Ernie L. Herrman: I will just say that we were seeing the availability probably building a little even before the hurricane. So it gets -- so what happens is, you don't necessarily know is now there's even more today. I don't know how much of that is hurricane or just the trend from seeing more availability before the hurricane. So just a lot of goods out there.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just be curious to hear your thoughts on the overall promotional environment, like what you're seeing out there maybe relative to last year and what you're hearing is going to happen for the holiday season?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think every year, we hear -- every year, things get more promotional. Every year, you hear things get more promotional. And I'm going to come back to we will maintain our gap between whatever the prices are out there to give extreme value to the customer. And that's what's wonderful about our business. It's always that the gap between where everyone else is and where we are. And Ernie and his team are being very methodical, again, as he expressed, there's so much, so many goods and brands out there that we're excited about that our job is really to do it right, and keep our guys home a bit and buy it right and give the customer outrageous value. So we don't get ourselves caught up in worrying about what's promotional out there. We worry about giving our customer the best value we can.
Ernie L. Herrman: I'll tell you, Howard, one thing, we've talked about with this earlier on the call with the fast turns, and Carol was talking about how we watch the environment on that. The fast turns and the closer in buying we're doing allows us even better to handle any type of promotional environment changes. So again, it goes back to the model is so flexible, and we're even a little bit more flexible in closing than we've been in the past. So that really helps us with any type of change in the promotional activity around us to ensure that we're always given the out-the-door values that we should be.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I mean we're -- again, we were able to buy a week before Christmas and get it in. And that's what's so wonderful about it. We want our guys out there, 7 days before Christmas, go shop.
Operator: Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I have 2 quick questions. On the marketing you've talked about for the fourth quarter, I was just curious if you were planning on spending more this year versus last year and if the impressions were going to be up this year versus last year? And then can you just touch on -- you've talked about briefly the Q, but I think you mentioned the runway. But can you just talk about some of the smaller segments or some not-so-small segments, like shoes, the footwear segment, which has been a big push on your side; and then personal care and jewelry, which personal care, in particular, looks fantastic in your stores, just any insights there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Marni, we don't talk about our individual categories and initiatives. That's our secret sauce, so to speak.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: You're still happy with those segments, though?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're very happy. We got a few things up our sleeves so. Our marketing were up slightly on the cost and our impressions are up. They're up about 10% in Marmaxx.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I love when you say you have something up your sleeve.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Ernie has a couple of marketing numbers. You want to...
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes. So Marni, basically, what it is, is our TV impressions are up by, as Carol said, pretty significantly. Overall, our impressions are up only a little bit, but we're strategically going where we think the money is going to give us a better payback on the messaging that we're trying to get out there. You have also asked about the spend, yes, in the fourth quarter, our spend is up. We won't give the exact number, but it's up a decent amount, I would say, for the fourth quarter.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So I hope everybody -- we went on TV yesterday, I think everyone's going to be blown away when they see our TV ads, our campaign, because we are really excited about it. We think it's quite breakthrough.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Have you changed any of the shows that you're putting the television ads on to target some of the younger customers that you're talking about?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We are across the board, and we're very strategically placed to take full advantage.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carol, I appreciated your proactiveness and comments in addressing why you think comps and margin growth is going to continue over the long-term. So just a follow-up on that, as we head into 2013 and anniversary exceptionally strong comp and margin growth, how do you feel about your ability to grow margins if your comp was to moderate to a low-single digit level as you're guiding to in 4Q? I mean, it's clear that there's a long-term merchandise margin opportunities through many of the initiatives that you've laid out. But how much room do you think there is for merchandise margin in '13? And how does your fixed cost leverage point look like?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We'll talk about that at the year-end call when we talk about next year. But every year, you know what our model is, it's the 10% to 13% growth, and we certainly strive to beat that. And the guys have a lot of things in place, and we're certainly working on next year. And we're pretty excited about it. More to come.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up. Just seeing that you've already achieved the peak margin in Europe in the third quarter, how do you feel about the potential for upside to your targets in Europe longer-term?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, I think in the past, we've talked about peak margins in Marmaxx quite a few times, and we kept beating it. I think in the last 3 years, we've increased their segment profit of 400 basis points. So we don't know the end game in Europe. And Ernie was just over there, I was just over there. I think the 2 of us get a little giddy at the possibilities and the opportunities. So I don't know what the end game is. I just know that we see a lot, and we're very excited about it. So we'll use the work peak today, hopefully, next year, we'll use a new peak.
Operator: And our final question today is from Laura Champine.
Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Guys, got a question about how you're thinking about the incremental costs from health care legislation next year and what the scenarios are and whether or not you think that will be a material impact on results next year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. I don't think it's going to be material, and we have it baked into our plans, so...
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, we have -- we're certainly staying on top of it. And as Carol said it, we don't think it's a material amount, and we'll certainly address it more in the February conference call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, everyone, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-08-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, August 14, 2012. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Sherry has a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2012. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. So joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. I'm happy to say that once again, I'm extremely pleased with our quarterly top and bottom line results. Our 24% increase in second quarter earnings per share significantly exceeded our original expectation. This marks the seventh consecutive year that our adjusted second quarter earnings per share have grown by 20% or higher. Consolidated comp increased 7%, also well above our plan, and on top of a 4% increase last year. It is great to see our momentum continue and be so broad based. All of our businesses in the U.S., Canada and Europe are on track and delivering excellent results. To underscore that statement, let me give you a quick recap. At Marmaxx, segment profit margin was up 150 basis points. At HomeGoods, it was up 280 basis points. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, TJX Canada's adjusted segment profit was up 80 basis points, and TJX Europe was up 240 basis points. Customer traffic was up significantly over increases last year, which we believe speaks to the strength of our brand, fashion and values. These strong results year after year in good and bad economies demonstrates sustainability of our sales and profit growth. I'll keep my comments brief today and take a somewhat different approach. We believe the numbers speak for themselves, so rather than reviewing divisional results, I will leave more time for Q&A. I'll share with you a few points that may be less visible externally, but internally give us great confidence in our belief that there's still substantial near and long-term growth in front of us. We remain as convinced as ever that TJX will grow to be a $40 billion company and beyond. But before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our second quarter consolidated results.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Now to recap our second quarter results. Net sales reached $5.9 billion, a 9% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 7%. I should point out that this was on top of Q2 comp increases of 3% to 4% in each of the last 6 years. Diluted earnings per share were $0.56, a 24% increase over last year's $0.45 per share and well above our original guidance of $0.47 to $0.50. In terms of the underlying growth rate, it's important to note a couple of factors. Foreign currency exchange rates had a neutral impact on EPS compared to a $0.01 benefit last year. In addition, a higher tax rate in this year's second quarter negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. The consolidated pretax margin was 11.5% for the quarter, well above our expectations, and up 130 basis points over last year. Foreign currency had a 10 basis point negative impact on year-over-year comparisons. Again, as Carol mentioned, excluding the impact of FX, pretax margins increased significantly at all divisions. Gross profit margin increased by a very strong 80 basis points over a 70 basis point increase last year, driven primarily by higher merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy leverage. SG&A expense improved 40 basis points to 16.5%, which was very favorable to our plan. We continue to see very high flow-through to the bottom line. SG&A expense, on a dollar basis, was in line with the high end of our expected range despite sales being about $130 million above plan. Further, the incremental investments to support our growth, including talent and infrastructure, which we have discussed on prior calls, negatively impacted SG&A by 20 basis points, which is slightly less than we expected due to the above-plan sales. As to inventories at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 12% versus a 16% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels. We entered the back half in a very strong position to buy into the terrific opportunities we are currently seeing in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh merchandise selection to our stores. In terms of the share repurchases during the second quarter, we retired 7.1 million shares, buying back $300 million worth of TJX stock. Year-to-date, we have retired 13.6 million shares, buying back $550 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I will provide details on our third quarter guidance and recap guidance for the full year at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. So moving straight to the first major point. I want to underscore our deep belief that TJX's business model makes us a company with tremendous strength for both defense and offense. While we believe the defensive elements of our model are well-known, I'll spend more time on our offense, which may be less evident. On the defensive side, I'll just say briefly highlights consistency and the flexibility of our model. In good economic times and bad economic times, we have executed well. When we execute well, TJX has thrived. In our 35-year history, we have only had 1 year with a negative comp. In the last 14 quarters, we have had only 1 month with a negative comp. We believe that the flexibility of our business model, which we see as the most flexible in the world, is at the core of our success. We offer customers tremendous variety in a single store with a consistently changing mix of products and merchandise categories at extreme value. We have built a sourcing machine over 35 years with a universe of over 15,000 vendors. This flexibility allows us to respond to the market conditions, weather and current fashion and consumer trends. Further, with our broad U.S. and international reach, we believe our demographic audience is the widest in retail. Now to our strengths in offense, which I believe are not as well understood as the defensive story. It starts with our customers. We are convinced we will continue to attract more U.S. and international customers with our values. Our customer traffic is up mid-teens over the last 3 years and continues to increase. While we have made significant market share gains, enormous opportunities remain. Our customer reach indicates that our U.S. penetration is still well below most U.S. department stores. In Canada, we are growing Marshalls, and in Europe, we have vast store growth potential. Additionally, our research tells us that we are doing a good job of attracting younger customers, which bodes well for the future. Our job today is to continue working at attracting more new customers and keeping them coming back to our stores, and I believe we're doing a good job of this. Next is the power of our banners and being global. We have built a business that's on track to be over $25 billion company this year, and we believe we are far from the end. As we raise the bar and execution across the company, we have huge opportunities to better leverage all of our businesses. Further, I'm not afraid to say, like most companies, we have made mistakes along the way, and the beautiful thing about TJX is that we have shared our knowledge among our businesses and learned from those mistakes. As our banners become bigger businesses, we gain even greater leverage. The more global the world becomes, the more powerful our banners are. It's important to understand that when we say global, we are not just talking about our stores, but our sourcing capabilities. We truly are a global company. Now moving to our supply chain. As good as we are, we believe we still have significant room to improve. We are investing significant dollars in our supply chain system to run even leaner and faster and become even more pointed at shipping the right goods to the right stores at the right time. It's about lean in-store inventories, freshness, exciting merchandise and faster turns, which help drive stronger sales and margins. We are taking our time with this and we'll be extremely careful in its rollout, so we are not anticipating the full benefits from this initiative for several more years. We are also taking great advantage of today's real estate landscape, which is certainly right for TJX both in the U.S. and internationally. They're capitalizing on high U.S. vacancy rates and other retailers closing stores in Europe and see plenty of growth ahead in Canada. With our flexible store formats, we can open stores in a variety of sizes and configurations. We also have the choice of which banner to open in a given location. Combined with our wide demographic potential, this gives us the flexibility to open stores in a variety of locations. Now I'll pick up the point of growing our customer base and keeping our new customers coming back. We are using our marketing to attract new customers, and we are working to retain them by providing a great shopping experience through our store remodel programs and through in-store initiatives. We're leveraging our global marketing abilities across our banners and have made our marketing messages more powerful, emphasizing current fashion. We're also aggressively engaging customers through social media. In terms of our marketing plans for the fourth quarter, I'm very excited about the creative, but you'll have to wait and see. Our store remodels are succeeding and lifting sales. We are on target to have about 75% of the Marmaxx stores in the new prototype by year end and approximately 300 stores across the company remodeled during 2012. Further, we have many ideas for improving our shopping experience even more. But again, I can't share those with you. Just know, we never stop raising the bar. I'll wrap up on the theme of attracting and keeping new customers by saying that at the end of the day, our execution at giving the customer the right brands, fashion and the right value is paramount, and we are laser-focused on it every day. Continuing with our strengths in offense, I want to spend some time on our huge growth opportunities in the U.S. and internationally. Importantly, as a management team, we are focused on fewer, bigger businesses, all with a very wide demographic reach and very strong short- and long-term economics. We believe Marmaxx will be an even bigger business with the potential to grow up to 2,400 stores. Marmaxx's new store performance have been phenomenal over the last 3 years. Further, as we have worked to widen our demographic reach in all direction, Marmaxx has been very successful in moderate income markets and in both densely populated urban markets and rural areas. As I mentioned, our ability to open stores in a variety of shapes and sizes adds to our confidence that our largest division continues to hold significant store growth potential. We also see HomeGoods as being an even bigger business with the potential to expand to about 750 stores. Other U.S. home retailers are more than twice the size of HomeGoods, speaking to the size of our opportunities for this chain. We are also seeing strong store performance in new markets we opened last year, which is extremely encouraging. Anecdotally, I can't tell you how many letters we receive from customers asking us to put a HomeGoods in their city or hometown. In Europe, where we are the only major off-price retailer, we have vast opportunities and see the potential to grow up to about 875 stores with just our current banners in our current countries. I want to make an important point about our performance in Europe. As we look back, we believe what hurt our results a few years ago was our own execution, which got off track when we grew too fast. We had been doing extremely well previous to the first quarter of 2010 as the economy in the U.K. worsened. Then we stubbed our toe and got off balance with our mix, and the customer let us know it. We worked to right the ship. We're back on track. And we can more effectively take advantage of the opportunities that the macro environment provides for us. While we have clearly exhibited improvement in Europe, we believe we are just scratching the surface in terms of further improving this business. In Canada, we see another big growth catalyst with Marshalls, which we believe has the potential to grow up to about 100 stores. We're very pleased with our Marshalls stores in Canada, which is very promising for our future growth in that country. We view e-commerce as another major growth catalyst, an opportunity to increase our customer base for the future. We're not ready to talk timing yet. We are taking our time to get it right, and the good news is that we believe we can afford to do that. We have a ton of growth from other places and do not believe we're suffering from not being in e-commerce at this moment, and we will keep you posted as to our progress. Another important point that I'd like to make is that while we are making strategic investments for the future, we're maintaining our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model. As always, we'll strive to surpass our goal. Before closing, I'll spend a moment on our financial strength and shareholder returns. Our business model delivers outstanding financial returns and generates enormous amount of cash. And we remain committed to distributing excess cash to our shareholders. In the last 14 years, we have bought back over 10.6 billion of TJX stock. For 16 consecutive years, we have raised the dividend and over that same time period, have delivered a compound annual growth rate of 23%. We are increasing our capital spending for the current year to approximately $1 billion versus our prior guidance of $875 million to $900 million due to the purchase of our home office property in Framingham this month. We're very pleased to have made this purchase, which along with the building we recently purchased in Marlborough, will provide TJX with the space we need to accommodate our anticipated home office growth for many years. Even with this increase, we expect to end the year with $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion in cash, which is more than we originally expected. This is after reinvesting in our businesses and returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend and buyback program. So summing up, in the short term, we significantly outperformed our expectations for the first half of 2012 and enter the second half with great momentum in all of our businesses. August is off to a good start, and we see plenty of opportunities for the back half. Our inventories are in excellent shape and turning faster than last year. This puts us in a terrific position to pursue opportunities in the marketplace, and our customers are seeing extremely fresh and exciting merchandise in our store. We plan to be extremely focused on gift-giving in the holiday selling season again this year and have many exciting initiatives up our sleeves. I believe our brand penetration, merchandise mix and values will only get better. Our marketing campaigns for the back half are the best I've ever seen, and I'm confident we will drive more new customers to our store. In the long term, we believe our global business model offers some of the best defenses and offenses in retailing. When we execute well, we can succeed in virtually all types of macro environment. We are leveraging our 4 powerful divisions more and more every day and have confidence in ultimately growing TJX to the $40 billion and beyond. And now I'll turn the call back to Scott to go through guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Before I get to guidance, I first want to provide some detail on the impact of FX on TJX Canada's profit margins in the second quarter. On a reported basis, TJX Canada's second quarter segment profit margin was down 50 basis points versus last year. As Carol mentioned, on an adjusted basis excluding the impact of FX, segment margins were up 80 basis points over last year, which is more than we would typically expect on a 5% comp. As a reminder, tables are available on our website which lay out the impact of foreign exchange on our international businesses, as well as our consolidated results. Now to fiscal '13 guidance beginning with the full year. As we noted in our press release today, we are raising our guidance for the full year by $0.01 to reflect our second quarter earnings per share. The new guidance calls for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.39 to $2.45, which would represent a 20% to 23% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, we had raised our full year EPS guidance when we announced July sales a couple of weeks ago. That raise was driven by our outlook for higher comp sales for the remainder of 2012. Let me recap the key changes versus guidance we provided on the Q1 earnings call in May. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 4% to 5% for the full year compared to our prior guidance of 2% to 3% growth. Also, we now expect pretax profit margins of 11.6% to 11.8%, which is 90 to 110 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%, and better than the guidance we provided in May of 11.1% to 11.5%. As a reminder, our guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we expect will benefit the full year and the fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, full year EPS would be $2.32 to $2.38, up 17% to 20% over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal '12. Our plan assumes a negative $0.02 share impact from a higher tax rate of 38.5%. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. We expect EPS to be in the range of $1.28 to $1.34, up 11% to 17% over $1.15 in the prior year. This guidance is now based on comp store sales growth in the 1% to 3% range versus the outlook we provided in May for comps to be flat to up 1%. We're planning pretax margins to be 11.5% to 11.9%, up 10 to 50 basis points over last year. This includes an estimated 10 basis points negative impact from foreign currency. Now I'll move to the third quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.59, a 6% to 11% increase over last year's $0.53 per share. Some of the components are as follows: We're assuming a third quarter top line in the $6.1 billion to $6.2 billion range. This is based on consolidated sales growth in the 2% to 4% range both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we're planning comp sales increases of 5% to 6% in August, 1% to 3% in both September and October. Pretax profit margins for the third quarter are planned in the 11.2% to 11.6% range, down 30 basis points to up 10 basis points over the prior year. This guidance includes an anticipated 30 basis points negative impact from foreign currency. So excluding FX, pretax margins would be flat to up 40 basis points. We're anticipating third quarter gross profit margins to be in the range of 21 -- 28.1% to 28.3%, flat to up 20 basis points versus the prior year. We expect mark-to-market adjustments on the company's inventory-related hedges to negatively impact gross profit margins by approximately 20 basis points. In terms of SG&A, as a percent of sales, we're anticipating a rate of 16.5% to 16.8%, which is flat to 30 basis points higher than last year. This guidance includes an approximately 30 basis point negative impact from the incremental investments to support our growth, which I mentioned earlier. Assuming foreign exchange rates at current levels, FX would have a neutral impact on EPS in the third quarter versus the $0.01 positive impact on Q3 EPS last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.5% in the third quarter, down 30 basis points versus last year. Net interest expense is estimated to be in the $8 million to $9 million range, and we anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 747 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.75 compared with $0.62 last year. This guidance reflects comp sales to be flat to up 2%. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. Now we are happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And we will open it up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Seeing inventory down and turning so quickly, I want to know your thoughts especially with new systems coming onboard for inventory in the second half.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're planning inventories down again in the second half. And, Richard, we're going to continue to lean up our inventories going forward. And as I said, we're investing in our systems, and we will probably be able to even be finer and more pointed in terms of the right inventory to the right stores in the future. But that's probably another couple of years plus out.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Since Europe is going well again, I just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the U.K. and Germany and Poland, since Germany and Poland are kind of more the growth avenues.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're very pleased with both Germany and Poland and the U.K. Honestly, all 3 businesses are doing extremely well. So today, we put out there 850 stores. We absolutely think we can be 850 stores. We're taking things slow and carefully and then we'll see where it leads at that point. And obviously, that's just with our current models in those 3 countries today, but we're pretty excited about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Question for Scott. Scott, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the general corporate expense increase year-on-year. I understand you're invest -- making some investments for the future. But I'm wondering if you could perhaps be a little bit more granular in terms of kind of ranking the initiatives, what they are, and should we expect that year-on-year increase to subside at all as we move into the back half of the year.
Scott Goldenberg: We haven't gotten into any of the detail in terms of ranking them. The major pieces of the corporate expense increase had been what we said before, e-commerce, investment in systems, as Carol talked about, our new data center and increases to support our growth, primarily in talent. In terms of -- we are on plan on a full year for the corporate expenses we laid out for those items. The only change -- significant change from the first half to the back half, which it is moderating as we said on the last call, is the increase in our incentive accruals because of our above-plan results. And that makes up the majority of the difference between our original plan and our full year plan now.
Operator: And our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you could share with us, in terms of your guidance, your profit margin expectations by division.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're going to give you the full year.
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Let me -- so I'm going to be going through the full year guidance. Just as a note, all the numbers I'm going to be going through are on a 53-week basis. So let me start -- I'll just go through each division starting with Marmaxx. Marmaxx comps for the full year are 4% to 5%, with a pretax margin of 14.3% to 14.4%. It's against last year's 13.6%, so a pretax margin change of 7 -- plus 70 to 80 basis points. HomeGoods' full year comps, 5% to 6%; 11.8% to 11.9% against last year's 10.6%, so an increase of 120 to 130. Canada, 3% to 4% comp; 13.5% to 13.6% x F, so x foreign currency, against 12.8% on a comparable basis. FX last year were up 70 to 80 basis points. Europe, 6% to 7% comp, 5.5% to 5.9%, again, all on x FX against last year's 2.4% comparable number or up 310 to 350 basis points. And again, just repeating what we said earlier in the script, a 4% to 5% full year comp where we're 90 to 110 basis points, again, over last year, and the same on -- with and without x foreign currency adjustments.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You've been saying in past quarters that your comps have been driven by very significant increases in customer traffic. Did that continue here in the second quarter? I think you had been indicating that ticket was sort of roughly flat. And are there any places in particular where you think you're picking up traffic? And what are the initiatives to sustain that here through the back half of the year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Kimberly, you know I won't give you all the initiative. But it's mostly driven by customer traffic, again, in the second quarter which is great. And our ticket is pretty much flat, very, very slightly up. But what's even more exciting is the new customers we're getting, we're seeing a lot of younger customers, which is really going to bode well for the future. So we've got some great marketing plans for the back half. I think it's going to be absolutely traffic-driven. So we're pretty excited. I don't see our ticket increasing substantially. We're going after giving extreme value. In terms of just traffic, where is it coming from, we are straight across the board. There isn't an area that isn't -- it's the flattest I've ever seen it across the board in terms of where our comps are. So there's no particular area or region or demographic driving it, really across the board.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On the topic of the offense that you talked about, the offensive side of the TJX story, how do you think about the productivity opportunity, long run, even if it's on kind of a theoretical basis, how much higher can sales per store go on lower inventories per store? And is there eventually an inflection point where you're going to need more inventories to continue to drive the comps and the sales and the productivity?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Omar, it's really not about the level of inventory. What we're trying to do is speed up, almost on a daily basis, freshness into the store. So when we look at the initiatives that we have in place for the future, we don't look at it as here's the inventory level. We really look at it as that speed to store. So I don't know. It's a great question you just asked in terms of productivity per store because I don't know how high is high, and we ask that question because we're just -- we're at the beginning and obviously, every day, we see more and more opportunity. So the idea of speeding up that freshness and every day and in some stores, even twice a day, delivering to the store plus the in-store initiatives of treating our customers better, we're going to continue to improve the remodels and the things we have to do within the store. So I don't have the answer to the end game. And then the third element to that is we're still not sophisticated to the level that we think we can be in terms of category to the right store. So for example, we have certain stores that are just much better in juniors and the younger customer. We're not great at targeting that perfectly yet. So there's just a lot, a lot of opportunities.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just regarding the new customers that you've been getting, is there any particular ramp in terms of they're much stronger in their second year of becoming a TJX customer versus their first? And then just dealing with those systems that you were talking about, is that -- are we going to see incremental gains along the way, or is it the type of thing that in a few years, the whole thing is plugged-in and that's when we start to see the gains?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think it's going to -- it's just going to keep eking. As I say, what tends to happen with us is we try something, we see it, and then we're like, "This is interesting, we may have some other opportunities." But this is -- we have 2 big initiatives in place in terms of systems, and they're not going to be simultaneously. We're going to be doing one first and then the second one. In terms of the customers in the second year, I don't -- we don't have data on that. But we just know that we're keeping our customers, and they continue to come back. We're also -- when our customers learn more and more about us and they shop more than one brand, we really see incremental spending. And that's what's exciting about our marketing game plan going forward is getting more customers to not only find us, but to find all 3 brands, let's say in the United States like a HomeGoods, a Marshalls and a T.J. Maxx.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Patel.
Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One of your off-price competitors, Daffy's, is currently liquidating. Can you just talk about the implications of this on your business? Do you see this as a big market share opportunity for you either from a sales or merchandising perspective? And secondly, can you also talk about any real estate opportunities that emerged from this around the New York metro area? Is this a region where you'd be looking to increase your store base further?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we are looking to increase our store base further. And you're going to see more stores in the future in New York and, honestly, all over because we keep increasing the count. Daffy's isn't that significant. We always tend to gain a little bit if it's near one of our stores. But we don't look at it that way.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just wondering if the higher merchandise margin that you saw during the quarter was more a function of initial margins, or was it more of an issue of having lower markdowns? And I guess I'm also wondering which of those pieces do you kind of view as more sustainable if, in fact, they came from both. And then also just curious about where you are today on packaway levels versus same time last year.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think we gained a lot in markdowns, and I think we gained a little bit in the merchandise margins. But again, that all comes back to turning the business a lot faster. Ernie, you want to comment on our packaway?
Ernie L. Herrman: Packaways have been kind of in a similar realm to where we've kind of had them in the past, maybe they've eked up a little bit, I would say. But nothing substantially different. The only thing I would say is the quality of the packaways has been -- a lot of opportunities, so we're very happy with the content and the excitement there. The brands that are really in the packaways this year feel like a notch up from where we've been in the past. So we're looking forward to the future on that. That feels good. And in total and generally, packaways reflect that there's just a lot of desirable goods in the marketplaces, and that's all the different families of business, and that actually applies, as you can see from the results in Europe or Canada or the U.S. and in the home categories as well, HomeGoods is feeling it. So again, we're very happy with what we're finding in the marketplace out there.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just as a follow-up, where are you guys in the split between upfront versus in-season buys? Have you kind of seen a peak on the in-season side, or is there still an opportunity to push?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good try, Paul, but we don't comment on that.
Scott Goldenberg: We do not talk about it.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: No not -- I don't want the numbers, I just want directionally, can it go higher in season?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're very, very happy with our liquidity. We are in great shape.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Was wondering 2 things, I guess, maybe can you talk about the lift you are seeing from the remodels or the prototypes? Can you maybe talk about how much that might be contributing to the above plan sales? And then I think, Carol, on the last call, you might have mentioned from a flow-through perspective, normally, you guys think of 1 comp point equaling about $0.05. And I think this year, you thought about $0.02. So just wondering, as some of the initiatives, e-commerce, et cetera, roll off, can we look back or look ahead to next year? Will every 1 comp point get back to equaling $0.05 of earnings?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, first of all, for each comp in the back half, it's equivalent to about $0.03. And we really don't discuss our lifts for our remodels. And we'll just continue to look for the next initiative. So, Scott, you wanted to make a comment?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. Again, certainly, it's something we've been, as you know, by the number of remodels we're doing in that 300-plus range this year and we always try to get -- we feel real good about the remodels, and we try to get them done early in the year in terms of the capital spending. Thus far, year-to-date, we have completed the majority, almost 275 of our remodels. So that's something -- that's usually how we plan it every year. But we still -- we haven't given out plans for the future, but it's still a big part of our capital spend program for the next few years.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Brian, I'm just going to make one other comment, just on the flow-through and going forward. Omar asked a great question in terms of the productivity per store. So again, we don't know the end game. We just know that we've got to -- we execute and we keep the flexibility and our ability to find ways to keep driving sales. It's just going to keep moving us, what we feel in a positive direction. We have lots and lots of seeds, so I really don't know the end game of the comp and the flow through. But we just see tremendous opportunity.
Operator: Our next question is from Evren Kopelman.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A 2-part question on Europe. As your comps improve, what's your thought process in terms of the timing of returning to higher square footage growth there? And the second question is the segment margins are mid-single digits significantly below obviously U.S. How much of that is just scale? Because it doesn't look like a sales productivity issue. Is it -- is the merchandise margin structurally lower in Europe, or is it almost all scale issue?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, the majority of it is a scale issue. We've always put the model out there. I think we've put an 8% model out there. And obviously, as we grow, we hope to beat that. Ernie, you have a...
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, I'll address -- Evren, I'll address that on a scale, we were at a margin at one point before. And as Carol mentioned in the script, they're growing too fast, we've learned from and so -- and their growing too fast really became an issue of we needed more experienced people in the right jobs and in the right country. So with that, I think you're going to see the margin continue to get back and go back toward that higher level that Carol just talked about. And on the square footage growth, I think that's really one step at a time. So we've learned our lesson when we too aggressively went after the square footage growth before the infrastructure was there. We're happy with the business right now. As you can see, we're happy with the top line and the bottom line. Directionally, it's really a couple of hundred basis points up. So that all feels good. But we don't want to ramp up the square footage growth until we have consistency. So, again, one step at a time. Yes, we have a lot of opportunity ahead of us there, but we're taking it slow and steady.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ernie and his team are really looking at all the real estate opportunities though and taking full advantage of it. So we are very, very pleased with what we're seeing, and there's so much destoring, especially in the U.K. that, that's one thing we are not going to miss is taking advantage of that.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Do you feel like you're picking up any business from Penney's? I guess just looking at the stores that you have that are close to Penney's, are those performing any differently than stores that are not so close?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. So, Patrick, Marmaxx has been -- all of our businesses has been consistently strong across the board. But even where we don't have a JCPenney's, it's very consistent. We don't take the time to analyze that. But I can tell you, across the board, where there isn't Penney's, we're very pleased with our business.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: And then just real quick one. On the month-to-month guidance for the quarter, for the third quarter, August 5 to 6 and then September and October, 1 to 3. Is that largely the comparisons, the cadence?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Part of it's a comparison and, again, we want to build our plans and work very hard to beat our plans. That's how we run our business. We try to keep them lean and always strive to be if we can.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe, Carol, generally speaking, can you give us an update on your marketing plans for the full season, whether you're spending more this year for fall versus last year and when your TV impressions will up versus last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The impressions will definitely be up. We're being pretty aggressive on TV, so you're going to see our tri-branding, all 3 businesses coming together. You're going to see gift certificates. You're going to see the ability for the consumer to have the choice when they do gift cards. So we're pretty excited about all of it.
Operator: Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I'm curious about that gift card that you can use across the brands. That sounds very interesting that you just mentioned. But my question was, you have a younger shopper coming in, and I was curious if this was across the brands and if due to this, you're seeing any segments distort sales wise and growing at a faster pace. And are you able to chase those businesses?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're not going to get into specific businesses, but we are seeing a younger customer, without a doubt. HomeGoods is probably the one business where we don't have that young teen customer, but don't put it past us to not have things up our sleeves. So our goal is really to keep our customers in that average. We always ran in an average in the high 40s, age wise. Our goal is to keep our customers all ages and to gain new customers and have them for the future. And we're pounding away at that.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Excellent. And the gift cards, you'll be able to use them across all of your brands, is that what you said?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Correct. So if you get a gift card, you can use it at a HomeGoods, a Marshalls or a Maxx.
Operator: Our next question is from David Glick.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Scott, just a quick question on the incremental investments you're making in your growth initiatives. I'm just wondering if you could quantify those this year and whether going forward we should still expect you to make those investments. And do you still anticipate being able to leverage SG&A in your long-term, the 10% to 13% EPS growth model?
Scott Goldenberg: So in terms of the investments for this year, again, we haven't specifically addressed all the details. But on a full year, they're impacting us approximately 30 basis points this year. In terms of going forward, we expect them to moderate. I think as we've called out before, in terms of us -- on our SG&A rate, on our model, which we do on a 1 to 2 comp, we expect to be flat to slightly leverage. If we beat the 2 comp, then we will leverage on -- leverage the SG&A. So that's no real change there, other than we expect to moderate our incremental investments going forward.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Great, that's very helpful. And just one follow-up on your free cash flow in the first half was very powerful from lower inventory levels and higher net income among other reasons. And you referenced, Carol, some pretty strong -- pretty high excess cash levels or total cash levels. I mean, do you think any differently about how you return cash to shareholders going forward? I mean, you're already buying back well over $1 billion in stock. Do you think more about the dividend, or just kind of continue on the same path?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we're going to -- obviously, we look at that every year. We want to keep giving cash, but dividend -- increase our dividend each year. So we look at that every year, and we'll evaluate it. But we always want to, obviously, have a good amount of cash in case something interesting comes up in the future. Scott, you want to comment?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, I mean, again, we certainly love having the flexibility of slightly more cash than we might need. But we, I think, over time, we have, as Carol pointed out, was in the script, increased that dividend and also that we've been, over time, increasing the shareholder buyback. So I think we remain committed to that.
Operator: Our next question is from Brendan Fox [ph].
Unknown Analyst: So I have a quick follow-up on inventory levels. One, the inventories on a dollar basis were down 12%. If you could help us understand what that was on a unit basis. And then also as a follow-up, I wanted to ask, from a very high level, if you could tell us, has your buying organization expressed to you any sort of change in where they've seen the best opportunities over the last, say, 3 to 6 months to buy the fashion? And also, how do you see that evolving over the back half of the year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So, no, in terms of buying organization change. I mean, understand, we really buy from over 15,000 vendors. And we're all over the world. So we continue to try to just spice it up and make it very exciting. So they're just out there paving the pound -- pounding the pavement -- sorry, every day. In terms of our unit basis, we really don't give the -- we don't go into our units by store or unit basis. That information is a little bit on the competitive side.
Operator: And our next question is from Jaime Katz.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk a little bit about the productivity of maybe some of the new stores in Canada and Europe versus some of the established stores and whether or not it's been more difficult getting established to new markets versus the ones that you were in?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can tell you, Jaime, our, every -- all of our new stores are very highly productive, as well as -- that's where our comp is coming from. Number one, our comps have been terrific, and our new store performance across the board has been above plan. So we're just seeing the overall business very strong.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, everyone, and we really look forward to reporting on Q3. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-05-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Scott Goldenberg - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer Ernie L. Herrman - President
Analysts: Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, May 15, 2012. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning, everyone. And before we begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 27, 2012. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Unless otherwise indicated, the adjusted numbers we refer to in today's remarks exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation in the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So good morning again. And joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Scott Goldenberg. Scott, who, as you know, was promoted to CFO earlier this year, will be reviewing the financial results and answering the financial questions on today's call and going forward. Jeff will be continuing in his current role as Chief Administrative Officer, focusing a bit more of his time on long-term strategies. So let me begin by saying, I'm extremely pleased with our first quarter performance. Consolidated comps increased 8% on an adjusted basis. Earnings per share grew 41% over last year. It is great to see our strong performance continue and be so broad-based with all of our divisions delivering excellent results in the U.S., Canada and Europe. We saw significant increases in customer traffic in the first quarter over last year. We believe this speaks to our wide customer demographic reach, our values and merchandise mix being right. We are convinced value remains a top priority across the board, and we continue to strive to raise the bar on offering the right fashions and right brands at the right prices. As proud as I am of our first quarter, our focus remains on execution and doing a better job in every area of our business to drive sales and margins. We have many exciting growth opportunities and are convinced as ever we can grow TJX to be a $40-billion company and beyond. But before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Scott to recap our first quarter results.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol, and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I just want to say how excited I am to be in my new role. As Sherry noted at the top of the call, unless otherwise indicated, the adjusted numbers we refer to in today's remarks exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation in the first quarter of fiscal '12. Now to recap first quarter fiscal 2013 results. Net sales reached $5.8 billion, an 11% increase over last year. Consolidated comparable store sales were up a very strong 8%. As Carol mentioned, significant increases in customer traffic drove this growth, with average ticket slightly up. Diluted earnings per share were $0.55, a 41% increase over last year's adjusted $0.39 per share and well above our original guidance of $0.45 to $0.47. Foreign currency rates had a positive impact on year-over-year comparisons with a $0.01 negative impact on earnings per share this quarter versus last year's $0.02 negative impact, primarily related to mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. I should note that the $0.01 negative impact this year was not contemplated in our original guidance. The consolidated pretax profit margin was 11.8% for the quarter, well above our expectations and up 220 basis points over last year's adjusted margin. Strong flow-through of our above-plan sales to the bottom line drove the large majority of this increase, with 40 basis points due to the positive FX impact I just discussed. With a comp of 8%, we would typically expect pretax margin improvement of 120 basis points. In the first quarter, excluding the impact of FX, pretax margins improved 180 basis points, with almost half of the increase from merchandise margins. Gross profit margin was up significantly, 130 basis points over last year's adjusted margin. Most of the increase was in merchandise margin, with some buying in occupancy leverage on the above-plan comp. Further, there was the positive impact of foreign currency I just mentioned. On an adjusted basis, SG&A expense was 90 basis points favorable from last year, driven by expense leverage on the above-plan comp. During the first quarter, we had $250 million of incremental sales above the high end of our expectations combined with adding very little incremental SG&A dollars. Another factor was the timing of certain expense items in last year's first quarter, including absorbing talent and certain costs from our A.J. Wright division, which we did not anniversary this year. This essentially offset the impact of our investments in the first quarter in growth-related initiatives. As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 7% versus a 12% increase last year. We are extremely happy with our inventory levels. We entered the second quarter in a great position to capitalize on the opportunities we are currently seeing in the marketplace and continue shipping fresh assortments to our stores. In terms of share repurchases during the first quarter, we retired 6.5 million shares, buying back $250 million worth of TJX stock. We continue to anticipate buying back $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our guidance for the second quarter and the full year at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Scott. The major themes I want to highlight are the strong momentum we continue to see, how we're striving to raise the bar throughout our business and our exciting growth opportunities. First, 2012 is off to a great start in all our businesses. We saw significant increase in customer traffic at every division in the first quarter over last year. While warm weather did boost demand for spring apparel, sales were still strong throughout the U.S., including regions where weather is generally less of a factor. Similarly, our comps in Europe were very powerful, despite the very unfavorable weather and challenging consumer environment in the U.K. We believe this speaks to the importance of value to the consumers and our exciting merchandise selections. We are convinced that we will continue to attract new customers to our stores. Now to highlight our divisional performance. Our U.S. divisions delivered outstanding results in the first quarter. Marmaxx comped up 8% over growth over 4% last year and 10% the year before that. HomeGoods comp sales increased 9% in the first quarter, over 6% and 15% increases in the past 2 years, respectively. With above-plan sales and strong flow-through to the bottom line, both of these divisions delivered record first quarter profit segment and segment profit margins. Our international businesses achieved excellent results. TJX Europe delivered its highest first quarter segment profit in the history of this division. Comps increased by a very strong 13%, and segment profit increased 700 basis points. We were particularly pleased with the broad-based strength in our European businesses from the U.K. and Ireland, Germany and Poland. Even more encouraging than the continuation of strong trends in TJX Europe is that we see lots of room for further improvement. At TJX Canada, comps increased 6% and segment profit improved significantly. We feel very good about this business today and to the future. We opened another 6 Marshalls stores in the first quarter. And I'm delighted to report that as with our first group of stores, they are beating our performer expectations. It is great to see our international businesses back on track. We are very confident about these businesses going forward, both in 2012 and beyond. To continue our great momentum, we must raise the bar. Let me be clear here, I do not mean changing the fundamentals of our business. What I mean here is doing an even better job at delivering the right product at the right value at the right time to each store in our chains. We are convinced we will continue to attract more U.S. and international customers. Our customer transactions have increased in the mid-teens over the last 3 years, and we have dramatically widened our demographic reach. Our customer research tells us we're attracting younger customers as we grow our customer base for the future. As much ground as we have gained, our research indicates our market penetration is still well below most U.S. department stores, which translates to 10s of millions of untapped consumers in the U.S. alone. In Europe, where we have learned so much, we are the only major off-price retailer and believe we can trade in a very wide demographic band. In Canada, we see Marshalls as another vehicle to gain new customers and are clearly off to a good start. We are also raising the bar with our marketing and store remodels to attract and retain new customers. We are leveraging our marketing abilities on a global scale and clearly increasing customer traffic. We are aggressively reaching customers through television, digital and social media. We expect e-commerce will be another platform to draw in new customers when we are ready. Our store remodel programs have succeeded in lifting sales by offering customers an upgraded shopping experience. By the end of this year, we expect to have 75% of Marmaxx stores in the new prototype and across the company, plans to remodel approximately 300 stores in 2012. However, we believe we are far from finished in terms of improving our in-store customer experience. We plan to expand our global sourcing to offer customers even more brands and gain even more, even greater flexibility. As great as our supply chain is, we believe we still have significant room to improve. We are investing significantly in our supply chain and systems to run even leaner and faster and become more pointed in shipping the right fashion and seasonality to the right stores at the right time. A more efficient supply chain supports more freshness and excitement in our stores, which we believe, in turn, will drive stronger sales and margins. Now to our exciting global growth opportunities. Beginning with store growth, over the next 3 years, we plan to grow overall square footage by 4% to 5% annually. Importantly, as we pursue our goals for global growth, our management team is focused on fewer, bigger businesses all operating on the same business model, with a very wide demographic reach and very strong short- and long-term economical potential. At Marmaxx, this positions very strong new store performance over the last several years and success in both moderate income, as well as densely populated urban markets, gives us confidence in its potential to become an even bigger business than we thought just over a year ago. HomeGoods is becoming more and more powerful brand everyday. Our customers cannot stop talking about how much they love HomeGoods. We have over 100 markets in the U.S., where we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls without a HomeGoods store, which speaks to the potential for this chain. Further, the stores we have opened in new markets last year are performing very well, which is extremely encouraging. In Europe, we remain convinced we have vast growth potential. While we will proceed slowly with store growth, with other retailers closing stores, we see great real estate and market penetration opportunities in Europe. In Canada, as I mentioned, our new group of Marshalls stores has been terrific, which is very promising for our future growth in Canada. We believe e-commerce will be another major growth catalyst for our future. We see e-commerce as a vehicle to make our brands even more powerful. As always, we will be testing many of our ideas prior to launching. As a reminder why we continue to invest in our new e-commerce initiative, we have no top line benefit planned from it in 2012. Since we're not ready to talk timing yet, we'll keep you posted as we progress. As we discussed in our last call, we are making strategic investments to support our future growth. In addition to the supply chain and systems improvements, as well as e-commerce, as I just mentioned, we are investing in store growth infrastructure, expanding our home office and developing the talent to bring TJX to the next level of growth. Importantly, as we are investing for the future, we are maintaining our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model. As always, we will strive to surpass it. Before closing, I'll spend a moment on financial strength, which gives us great confidence. Our business model delivers outstanding financial returns and generates tremendous amounts of cash, and we remain committed to distributing excess cash to shareholders. During the first quarter, we raised the per-share dividend 21%, marking the 16th consecutive year of dividend increases and a compound annual growth rate of 23% over that same period. We continue with our outstanding share buyback program. And after reinvesting in our businesses and returning excess cash to shareholders, we still expect to end the year with approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion in cash. This, combined with our strong credit rating and low level of debt, provides us with significant financial flexibility. Summing up, we enter the second quarter with great momentum in all our businesses, and May is off to a strong start. Our stores look extremely fresh with great brands, fashion and color at exciting prices, which we are convinced will continue to attract and resonate with our customers. Our inventories are in great shape. Our marketing is becoming even more powerful as is evident by the increase in customer traffic. All of our businesses are on track with exciting prospects for 2012 and certainly the future. We remain laser-focused on execution of our off-price model and are raising the bar to position TJX to be the retailer of the future. Our management team and organization are excited and motivated to pursue our many opportunities for 2012 and to ultimately grow TJX to $40 billion and beyond. Now I'll turn the call back over to Scott to go through some guidance, and then we will open it up for questions.
Scott Goldenberg: Thanks, Carol. Now to fiscal '13 guidance, beginning with the full year. We are raising our outlook for full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.27 to $2.37, which represents a 14% to 19% increase over the adjusted $1.99 last year. As a reminder, this guidance includes a 53rd week in the fiscal '13 calendar, which we will -- which we expect will benefit the year and fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, full year EPS would be $2.20 to $2.30, up 11% to 16 % over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal '12. 4 Let me recap the key changes versus the guidance we provided on the February earnings call. We now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3% for the full year compared to our original guidance of 1% to 2%. We also expect pretax margins of 11.1% to 11.5%, which is 20 to 30 basis points above our original guidance and 40 to 80 basis points higher than last year's adjusted margin of 10.7%. This excluded 30 basis points from the negative impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation versus the reported margin of 10.4%. Now to Q2 guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.50, a 4% to 11% increase over last year's $0.45 per share. We're assuming a second quarter top line in the $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion range. This is based upon comp sales growth in the 2% to 4% range both on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. Now to monthly comps. With May off to a strong start, we are planning comp sales to increase approximately 5% for the month on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. For both TJX and Marmaxx, we are planning comps to be flat to up 2% in June and 1% to 3% in July. Pretax margins for the second quarter are planned in the 10.0% to 10.4% range, down 20 basis points to up 20 basis points over the prior year. This assumes a 10 basis points negative impact from FX. Second quarter year-over-year comparisons are also negatively impacted by 30 basis points due to the timing of incremental investments to support our growth. It is important to note, we are expecting the SG&A rate in the back half to leverage slightly on an estimated flat to 1% comp increase. Further, there has been no change to annual spending for corporate expenses since we provided guidance in February. We're anticipating second quarter gross profit margins to be in the range of 27.2% to 27.4%, down 10 to up 10 basis points versus the prior year. We are planning merchandise margins to be up, partially offset by an expected negative 10 basis points impact from FX. We're expecting second quarter SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 16.8% to 17.0% range, down 10 to up 10 basis points versus last year's ratio of 16.9%. As I just mentioned, this guidance reflects 30 basis points of incremental growth-related investments. Foreign exchange rates assuming current levels are expected to have a $0.01 positive impact on EPS in the second quarter, the same as the 1% positive impact on Q2 last year. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.5%. It should be noted that this is a higher tax rate than last year's second quarter, which has about a $0.01 negative impact on Q2 EPS this year. Net interest expense is estimated to be in the $8 million to $9 million range. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $752 million. [Operator Instructions] And we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A question about marketing and ad spend for the balance of the year, wondering how you see it might play out in terms of investment on TV versus print versus new media, electronic and social media, and then if you could help us understand the dollars, the increased investment that you think you'll be spending. And then just a quick question for Scott about debt.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: You know what, I may ask you to repeat some things because it's very low. I think you asked about marketing ad spending to the back of the year and a breakdown of how we're spending that, the investments. And what was the third?
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just have a question for Scott about debt.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Debt, okay. We're having a hard time, I don't know what's going on. But we'll do our best here. [Technical Difficulty] In terms of the marketing spend, our marketing spend is pretty flat. However, our impressions are up as we're leveraging all of our corporate marketing initiatives, you're going to see it's a lot more in the back half. So I feel like we're really, really doing a terrific job of leveraging. As last year, we've really kicked it up for our gift giving in fourth quarter. And I think this year, we're going to have a really fantastic campaign, so we're excited about that. We don't give -- we don't break down how we're spending social networking versus how we're communicating to the customer. And quite frankly, that's something we keep a little bit private. In terms of our investment for the year, I'll have Scott go through it, but we are on plan. It's -- we have a little bit of an increase in the second quarter, which is timing. But to the year, our investments are right on plan, including all of the elements we've talked about from supply chain to e-commerce to the office to the infrastructure. So we have a little bit of a timing. And then, Scott, I think the other question was on debt. So Rich, could you just -- can you just repeat the last question, I apologize.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Oh, sure. Just looking at the relatively small amount of debt that TJX has, wondering if Scott has any expectations of putting more debt on the balance sheet and leveraging up the company a bit?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay.
Scott Goldenberg: Hey, Richard, I think in terms of our long-term debt, as you know, we have $775 million, with nothing coming due in the at least short term. We have no plans at this point in time. We enjoy our financial flexibility that we have. Having said that, we will always keep ourself open for what we'll do in the future. But what I think the major factor right now is keeping the financial flexibility.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis. [Technical Difficulty]
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could -- if there was any way you could see how much of the increases in traffic is being driven by new customers? And then also, your increase in segment margins at Marmaxx is very impressive. Just wondering how much of the margin benefit or how much of that is coming from stores that are in more moderate income areas or how much of that is just overall strength across the chain?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, absolutely across the board and that includes new stores and old stores, so we're really pleased. I mean, it's straight across the country and in all demographics. In terms of the traffic, we analyzed that, and we are seeing new customers in that our average age is decreasing a little bit and a large percent of our new customers are younger customers. But I don't have the exact percentages, but a lot of the traffic is new customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So you spoke of expanding the global sourcing organization. I'm just wondering where do you stand now in terms of number of buying offices throughout the world? What's your goal? Maybe if you put that in terms of number of buyers, where are you today and where are you going? And I think maybe related to that, just thinking about T.K. business, can you maybe talk about how much inventory is being sourced from within Europe for that business and how that's changed over the past year and how that might be likely to change?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well in terms of the stores sourcing, I mean that is our secret sauce. But a very high percent of our sourcing is done in Europe, and it is very specific by country. So we have really learned what the mix needs to be by country. In terms of our merchants, we keep needing -- adding offices. And again, we're not going to discuss the countries that we're going to be adding people in, but what we're trying to do is obviously make a very unique, exciting assortment. So when you look at HomeGoods, we're in countries that you would never expect us to be in. But it's all about the excitement. We talked about 700 people in our merchandising organization. We're continuing to grow that. We have a huge, huge training program. We bring in hundreds of kids each year, and that's being built -- we're putting a lot into our bench strength and infrastructure because that is what's going to make us really special to the future. But in the end, it's the sourcing and it's our vendor relationships that make us special.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Carol, how many offices do you have now around the world, from a sourcing perspective?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I don't know what the number is because we have Australia. We have India. We have...
Ernie L. Herrman: It's more like, I would say, like 6 or 7 main ones.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Main ones, yes. And then we have plant satellite offices.
Ernie L. Herrman: A few satellites. We try not to get specific. They're not as meaningful. Some of smaller ones, but we do have this coverage and it flexes. Sometimes, we flex with the smaller offices in terms of how many people are there. Yes, we do.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So is the growth in the number -- where are you growing? Will you be growing the number of satellite offices, primary offices, just number of buyers within each office? Just trying to think of where the growth comes from.
Ernie L. Herrman: Paul, I would say it's a little of both. But really some of the growth is, we've already positioned these other hub offices, I would call them, in places we're happy. So the growth is actually happening in those satellite -- the current offices and a little less so really in opening more satellite offices. So I would say, the growth is more in our current offices.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Paul, in addition to that, our guys travel constantly. So a big, big piece of our sourcing is not just people being on the ground but groups traveling quite a bit together. I mean, a buyer's life here is a lot of travel.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, our question really was around the T.K. business around Europe. So just trying to understand a little more, maybe talk through the improvement despite the economic pressures there. So I know you've made a lot of your own internal changes. You can maybe update us there. But on the external side, where is the market share coming from and where do you see sort of a normalized growth rate from a store perspective coming out of T.K. now that the business has turned? And in what parts of Europe should we expect to look for the growth to come from?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well, first of all, we -- I'm going to put the economy aside because we always believe that it has nothing to do with the economy, it has to do with our execution. And I think you got to remember that we're really the only off-price vehicle in Europe. So I'm going to come back to it's all about our execution. The highest -- Europe has been over 7%. I think we're certainly making headway, and Scott will go through what we're thinking for the year for Europe. We don't know what the end game is. I can only tell you that we have a long way to go, and I think both Ernie and I feel there's tremendous opportunity there. We're happy with what we're accomplishing. I think we still have a long way to go. I would not sit here and say that we're there and everything is perfect. It's far from it. We've learned a tremendous amount. So I don't know what the endgame is. Ernie, you want to comment on...
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, Brian, I think a couple of things we feel much better about in Europe are that the people overall, the merchants and the field organizations are more seasoned than they were a year ago. So that's been a big plus, and that's been a mission. We put in place a couple of additional training people to help with that. As Carol mentioned earlier, even on other businesses, our secret sauce is the way we buy goods. And so we have really ramped up the way we are going to train our younger merchants there and bring them onboard. When we had the dramatic growth we talked about this before on the calls and when we had the dramatic growth earlier; we had a little bit of strain on the organization in that respect. I feel much better about the way we're positioned now in terms of the -- again, the experience of the people and the management and the training programs we have in place to keep those people on track. And we're back on, certainly, I would say, in that environment on delivering the better value to the stores, which is how we're capturing, I think, market share in those environments just like we did in the states when that happened. So where is it coming from? I guess we don't concentrate too much on that as much as we expect when we deliver the right value and stick to the core fundamentals of the off-price business, that we will capture that incremental market share. So we're feeling better.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Brian, our traffic is very high. We have very high increases in our traffic patterns right now in Europe. And very similar to Marmaxx, it's going to be interesting. As we get better at our mix and better at understanding the customer, my guess is we have more and more opportunity to increase our store count. So obviously, we're not going to do it today, but we are taking advantage of the real estate opportunities that we're seeing because it is pretty substantial right now. But again, as we get better, we really don't know where that endgame is. I suspect it's probably greater than what we think it is today. Scott, you want to give the full year numbers for Europe?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. For the full year, we're now guiding Europe to a 5.2% to 5.8% segment margin. Segment margin again, 5.2% to 5.8%, just went up, pause for a second, say that, that's -- these numbers are on a 53-week basis. That's a 280 to 340 basis points improvement over last year on a 4 to 5 comp. And again, an improvement over our original guidance for Europe, which was 4.9% to 5.4%. So embedded in these numbers for the last 9 months for Europe is a segment margin of 6.2% to 6.8% versus last year's 4.4% on a 2 to 3 comp. So just again a reminder, going back a few years, our segment margin profit for Europe was as high as 7.2%. So we're making progress to reach that level again and then hopefully exceed it, and we're pleased with the current momentum that we now see in Europe.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: However, I don't think there are any -- or I would be happy with these comps. So hopefully, we'll beat them.
Operator: And our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I understand your -- the online plans are you're keeping it close to the vest understandably, exactly. But if you could share what learnings you're finding in the early European online efforts? If you can share with us what you're seeing in offline there and what gives you confidence in terms of how to translate those learnings in the U.S.?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's certainly teaching us categories. It's teaching us how to work in the off-price sector, which is a little bit different. But we are understand -- we are learning about the customer. We're learning about average order. We're learning about number of in-baskets. We're learning about communication. So the fact that we started in Europe has been terrific. And again, I'm not going to share my secret sauce, but Ernie has done some very interesting things over there. And their e-commerce business is getting stronger and stronger.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Carol, could you give us a little bit more specifics in terms of the type of growth, the type of traffic, the type of spend that you're seeing online in Europe?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Of course not. I'm sorry, Adrianne. Probably when we do launch, we're going to be very happy. And that's our goal, that we feel really good about what we're launching.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All right. So let me squeeze in one more then. The Marmaxx comps, obviously spectacular. We're obviously seeing a lot of shift from the competitive landscape, especially across the mid-tier department stores. Maybe talk about what you're doing, anything, I know not differently, but opportunities that you're looking to seize as some share shifts are coming -- shares is coming up for grabs in the mid-tier?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I just think that we're focusing on doing a better job of what we do every day. The market is absolutely loaded. We're very particular. I think we're building our relationships. And I think, to me, I always look at how special our stores look, and I'm proud of our stores. I think there's still room to bring our inventories down. I think there's still room for more freshness. I think there's still lots of room for improvement. But I always measure it and say, "Do we look better than we looked a quarter ago? Do we look better than we looked a year ago?" And that's really how we look at our business.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, the segment margins just across all of your businesses, Marmaxx, Canada and HomeGoods are hitting new record highs. And I'm wondering if there's anything standing in your way of delivering similarly record-high margins throughout the rest of the year. Are there any factors that we should keep in mind, out of thinking about the opportunity for upside as we progress through the year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as you know, we're planning our comps conservatively. If you look at the back half, the last 9 months, for every comp, it's about $0.05. For the back half the last 6 months, for every comp, we're looking at $0.02 to $0.03. We like the plan conservatively. Ernie and I want very much to beat our plans, and that's what we've strive for. And it's all about execution. So it's execution. I think there's still have room, as I said before, to decrease our inventory level. But it's just doing a better job everyday. So we think we have good conservative numbers in the back half, and we won't be happy if we don't beat them.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. That's very helpful, Carol. And I just wanted to follow up, Scott, on one of your comments on the call. You mentioned a 180 basis-point increase, I think, in the operating margin here in the first quarter, with almost half due to the increased merchandise margin. I'm getting more like a 220 basis-point increase in the operating margin here in Q1. I'm wondering if there -- what the differential is, if you could help us with that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The 220 basis points increase in margin has a 40 basis points benefit from FX. So x FX, it's the 180 basis points.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Question, the big boxes are really having a lot of trouble selling to that millennial customer. And I'm wondering, when you speak of a younger customer, are talking about more of a junior customer? And if so, do you presently have the vendor relationships to adequately serve that customer or if that needs to be better developed?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, it's really the 18 to 35 year old that we're gaining that range. So it's really right in the sweet spot of where you want the future consumer to be. And obviously, we're keeping our older customer, the Maxxinistas of the world.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: And in terms of the vendor relationships to service that younger customer, do you presently feel that you've got those relationship in place...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We feel very good about it, yes. Very good.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if you guys could give an example or maybe some anecdotes in the business. From either the fashion trends that you're seeing and your being able to respond to so well given the flexibility and scale of your supply chain or the weather trends have been a little bit uneven the last several months. Can you talk about how the supply chain works in your favor in those situations and maybe help give us some color around that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as I said, we're really strong across the board. Both apparel and home has been really terrific. I think there's tremendous color changes this year. I think we're feeling pretty good about the fashion. But Ernie will tell you, men's, kid's, it's really strong across the board.
Ernie L. Herrman: It has been. And I think one of the -- I think you're asking about how does it tie in to the model and the way we operate. The advantage to this model, and we talked about it before, is the flexibility and the close-ins tying it, it allows our buyers to capitalize on fashion trends or even weather trends. So if the weather is working one way or another, it can create opportunities in the marketplace for us to get goods at a different or a better value. In terms of the fashion, we're able to read products. We're north, south, everywhere in the states, so we can read products and buy close-in purchases and still take advantage of those fashion trends in all the different fashion areas of the company. And interestingly enough, that happens to be a place that Carol and I have talked about as an opportunity for the back half here and just to do a little bit better job in our fashion areas. But the model plays well in allowing us to do that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's a very good weather-proofing model, and that's a different way to look at it. It mitigates the risk factor.
Ernie L. Herrman: It really does.
Operator: And our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: When looking at maybe comps for the rest of the year, do you think the majority of comp improvement is going to continue to be driven by traffic increases or maybe will we get some out of average ticket? What are your plans for average ticket going forward?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's going to be slightly up, but most of it should come from traffic. And again, remember, we are planning our comps flat to 1%. So we're betting on beating that, and I think we have some great plans in terms of our marketing and our mix to drive that. But it's going to be mostly traffic, slightly in tickets.
Operator: Our next question is from David Weiner.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just picking up on kind of the theme of the call, it seems to be Europe largely. So I'm just looking at your Analyst Day in October last year and I think the long-term segment margin potential guidance that you gave for each of the individual segments. So at the time -- and maybe these have changed internally, but at that time, it looks like Marmaxx had kind of -- you were thinking that Marmaxx could have a couple 100 basis points larger -- greater potential than Europe over time. I guess my question is, as you move further into Europe and you start to integrate the online business there, is there anything structurally that you can foresee that over time would prevent you from getting margin parity there to the Marmaxx business here in the U.S.?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, some of it is going to depend on the real estate because that's certainly was a big chunk in the past, so that remains to be seen. It's going to depend on the combination of pan-European and leveraging. So as I said before, we're not sure how high is high. I think we're going to learn more over the next several years. Scott, you have a...
Scott Goldenberg: I think, David, the one thing, there's nothing structurally in the store expenses and margin that Carol was talking about. I think it's just getting to the size of the Marmaxx business with the almost 2,000 stores where you're getting that leverage. I think that's the only -- that's the fundamental difference. But everything else in Europe, as we've stated, other than merchandising is that we're leveraging behind the scenes, distribution, et cetera.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: [indiscernible] 875-store mark within the countries we're in so, again, that remains to be seen. If that number increases within the countries that we're in or neighboring countries then, again, that will change.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. Okay, so that makes sense. Certainly, the store size leverage makes sense. But I guess, how about from just a pure-pricing perspective for -- on comparable product? If you think about it that way, is there an opportunity there to maybe charge a little bit higher than you would here in the states?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we create value.
Ernie L. Herrman: Yes, we were about to answer the question.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Or it's something like that, so go ahead.
Ernie L. Herrman: David, we're always very cognizant here value as we are here on what the out-the-door value is relative to all the competition. So we never -- that will always determine that. We weren't just saying, we can get this for our retail. Having said that, that would be, I'll just echo what Scott said, our issue there will not be on pricing. It's more just the scale, I think, of the whole business. And as Carol alluded to, we don't know but we are -- again, as you can see, we are on the track now where we can start to look for real estate opportunities down the road here.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: But certainly exciting is the fact that real estate is a lot less than it was many years ago.
Ernie L. Herrman: Right.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, for sure. And your location qualities have been pretty good so -- if not, very good.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to follow up on Europe. Are you able to provide us even qualitatively how -- what the performance has been like among the regions, among Germany, Poland versus the U.K.? And what role, if any, tourism is playing in each of those markets?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we really don't break it down, the same thing in Canada. So we -- I really -- I can't break it down for you. We do it as a total segment.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then are you able to share, when you think about the back half year, your guidance to leverage SG&A on a flat to 1% comp, what factors are allowing you to do that in this back half?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Sure. Let me give you just some color in terms of corporate expenses and expenses in general. Corporate expenses were up $13 million in the first quarter. They're planned to be up approximately $20 million in the second quarter. And that, again, as we've talked about in the script today, the largest increase, with the majority of that increase due to investment spending. If we break the year into the first and second half; the first half increases are in the $30 million to $33 million range, with the back half a little less than $10 million. So we've had as I stated earlier, fundamentally no change to our annual spending for corporate expenses since we originally gave guidance. So really, it's all about timing related to the spend. And as we've, I think, talked about earlier, most of the investment spending is reflected in the corporate expenses. So in the back half, we're able to leverage this, as we've stated, on the 0 to 1 comp, that we're able to leverage our SG&A slightly. And as we mentioned, I think we've talked a little bit about before, as we move further on, going even past the second half of this year, we expect our incremental investments to level off in fiscal '14 and beyond. So I think it's a timing issue and, again, at the leveraging in the back half of the year on that 0 to 1 comp.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Question just about, when you are talking about the movement of stores into the rural and urban areas, wondering of the 2,300 to 2,400 stores that you talked about for Marmaxx, what percentage of those are you factoring as these more rural- and urban-type stores? And then, the second question just dealing with traffic. first quarter traffic was up a lot. Is that a bigger traffic increase this year in the first quarter compared to last year's first quarter traffic increase?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's pretty much been running consistently, year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Right, Scott?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes. I don't have that right in front of me. Maybe I'll get back to you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the 3-year trend was the high-teens, and the quarterly trend is pretty similar to that, Mark. Yes, in terms of -- we don't have the numbers on the rural -- on a breakdown of all the stores within Marmaxx, and we don't usually break that down. But I can tell you that, again, as we go into the rural areas, we're finding that we, again, see more and more possibilities for additional stores. You got to remember that even our $4 million and $5 million stores make tons of money for us. So that's what we're finding more exciting. However, I'll keep coming back to we're learning, and I believe we can still do a better job at targeting the stores, the right goods, the right stores and still bringing our inventories down a bit.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. When looking at, say, the rural locations and more of the urban locations, do you think you have a chance with HomeGoods to go into the rural locations or the more urban?
Scott Goldenberg: Yes, we do. And Scott has a point too, on the rural. Yes, you want...
Scott Goldenberg: I just -- a point on the rural stores. The volumes are less than the chain average, but the quality of the margin that we get in those stores is equal to the chain average we are quite good in those.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And so that's why your leveraging just keeps coming in, especially in the Marmaxx chain and, hopefully, HomeGoods will be doing the same.
Operator: Our next question is from David Glick.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Some interesting comments, Carol, about the progress you're making in that 18- to 35-year old customer. I'm wondering what you're attributing that gain in market share to from a marketing perspective? Do you think it's more your broadcast TV or maybe some things you're doing from a digital perspective? And does it lead you to kind of rethink your mix of marketing spend going forward?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think in the end, it really comes down to mix. You know how viral things are and word-of-mouth. And I listen to the kids, and they talk about us now. And years ago, you didn't hear as many young people talking about us, and we're kind of a cool place to go now. So I think it's very different. And I think that's, again, what Ernie and I keep working on is making that better and better every day.
Operator: Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: And I don't want to add to many questions. I'm going to ask one simple one. Are you seeing anything new and different at HomeGoods that's making it really power up all of a sudden or is it just steady as it goes and excellent execution on the buying?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're going to answer that by saying, yes, everyday. I mean, seriously, their mix and their freshness, they're such an exciting store. I filled up my trunk last week, and I have to stop doing that because my husband is going be furious with me.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I keep purging my closet so I can keep buying more. Are you seeing the same 18 to 35 year old in HomeGoods that you're seeing at TJ's?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We arent -- yes, were starting to see a younger customer, and it's a great vehicle for young people who are starting out and getting their first apartment. We've seen some amazing things. People coming in with u-hauls and trucks, and it's absolutely fascinating. But it's a fun, fun brand. It really is.
Operator: And our final question today is from Laura Champine.
Laura A. Champine - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And I appreciate your comments, Carol, about how your performance in Europe will be determined by your own execution and not the macroeconomic environment. But have you thought about where the stress points are and how bad things could get that would keep you from hitting those margin goals? And maybe conversely to that, do you actually perform better if the economy is weaker in Europe? What's your opinion on that front?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, no, because obviously in the past, we've performed very well when we execute. I don't -- look, Europe is pretty bad right now. If you look at Ireland and you look at outside of London, the economies are -- it's pretty devastating, and we're performing pretty well. So again, I don't think we -- I keep coming back to execution. I just keep coming back to that. And whether it's a good economy or a bad economy, if we do our job, we do well. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter to you. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks a lot.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Jeffrey Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Ernie Herrman - President
Analysts: Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Maren Kasper - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, Wednesday, February 22, 2012. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Candy. And before we get started, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2011. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and in the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release or otherwise posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you.  And now I'll turn it back to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry, and good morning. Joining Sherry and me on the call are Ernie Herrman, Jeff Naylor and Scott Goldenberg, who as you know was promoted to CFO last month. We are very pleased Scott is taking on a bigger role at TJX, and we'll continue to benefit from the combined leadership of Jeff and Scott. Jeff will be reviewing the financials on our call today, and going forward, Scott will be doing this.  2011 was another great year for TJX. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 14% and our 5-year compound annual EPS growth rate is 20%. Consolidated comps increased 4% on top of 4% and 6% increases in the past 2 years, respectively. We believe that these numbers speak for themselves as for the sustainability and strength of our business model. 2012 is off to a very strong start, and we see ourselves as being at an exciting inflection point with great momentum working in our favor.  Today, we'll be keeping the conversation on this call very strategic. We'll tell you how we are investing and positioning TJX for the next level of growth and why we're so confident in our short- and long-term future, and importantly, why we are investing more aggressively for the future. We expect our investments to start to flatten out in calendar 2013 and are maintaining our model of 10% to 13% annual EPS growth, which assumes a 2% comp increase. We are confident that we will deliver as always and will strive to exceed these goals.  Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap full year and fourth quarter results.
Jeffrey Naylor: Okay. Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Upfront, let me remind everyone that our 2-for-1 stock split was completed earlier this month, so all of our EPS and share numbers are now on a split-adjusted basis. And as Sherry noted at the top of the call, we will be referring to adjusted numbers in today's remarks, which exclude the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation in both fiscal '12 and fiscal '11. As well, I'd also include an intrusion-related adjustment that impacted fiscal '11.  So let me now turn to the full year fiscal 2012 results. Our net sales reached $23.2 billion, that's a 6% increase over last year. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4% on top of very strong increases in the past 2 years, as Carol noted earlier. The 4% comp in fiscal 2012 was driven by a balanced increase between ticket and transactions as we continue to grow our customer base. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share were $1.99, a 14% increase on top of the last 2 years increases of 23% and 48%, respectively. Obviously, we're very pleased to sustain such strong EPS growth up against a very difficult comparison. Foreign currency rates added $0.01 to earnings per share this year compared to a $0.01 negative impact in the prior year but had no impact on pretax margin comparisons.  Now in our press release today, we called out the impact of certain fourth quarter items on EPS and pretax margins in both the full year and the fourth quarter period. These fourth quarter items include costs related to the closing of the company's StyleSense stores in Canada, an early retirement program, the closure of a European office facility, a separation agreement and certain write-offs and adjustments at TJX Europe. Those were offset in part by the net benefit of favorable tax adjustments. And normally, we don't go into this level of detail on operations, but these items, which we discussed in prior sales releases and which were significant in the aggregate, were not anticipated in our original guidance. And they're large enough to impact profit flow-through and year-over-year comparison, so we thought we would call them out and talk to them. Combined, these items reduced EPS by $0.02 for both the fourth quarter and the full year and also reduced consolidated pretax profit margins by 20 basis points for fiscal 2012 and by 50 basis points for the fourth quarter. And the majority of this margin impact is in SG&A. So that's a little bit about the fourth quarter items.  For the full year, the consolidated adjusted pretax profit margin was 10.7%. That's a 10 basis point increase over last year and in line with our prior guidance. Gross profit margins were up 30 basis points but were partially offset by 20 basis points of SG&A deleverage, which was primarily due to the 20 basis points of deleverage from the fourth quarter items I just covered.  As to inventories, at the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were up 3% for our existing businesses. This is less than the mid-single-digit increase we had anticipated and down significantly from the mid-teens per store increase at the end of the third quarter. With store inventories down and turning more quickly and forward purchase commitments down significantly compared to last year, we feel very good about the liquidity in our inventories and are in a great position to capitalize on the opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace.  In terms of share repurchases for the year, we bought back $1.4 billion of TJX stock, retiring 49.7 million shares on a post-split basis, which was more than we had originally planned. During the fourth quarter, we bought back 402 million of TJX stock, retiring 12.5 million shares again on a post-split basis. So that's the full year fiscal '12 wrap up.  Let me now recap fourth quarter results. Net sales were $6.7 billion. That's a 6% increase over last year, and our consolidated comp store sales were up a very strong 7% over last year. EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.62. That's a 17% increase on top of adjusted increases of 13% and 104% in the 2 prior years, respectively. Foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted current year earnings per share by $0.01 compared to a neutral impact in the prior year and adversely impacted pretax profit margin comparisons by approximately 20 basis points. FYI, for comparison purposes, on a pre-split basis, Q4 EPS would have been $1.25 or an adjusted 19% increase. Our guidance on a pre-split basis called for EPS at or slightly above the high end of our $1.19 to $1.23 original range.  Consolidated pretax profit margin for the quarter was 11.3%. That's a 10 basis point increase over prior year, and that's up 30 basis points if we exclude the impact of foreign exchange. The gross profit margin improved 30 basis points, while SG&A delevered 20 basis points. The fourth quarter items I just mentioned negatively impacted pretax profit margins by 50 basis points, primarily in SG&A. It's important to note that merchandise margins were up 10 basis points for the fourth quarter despite the promotional environment and markdowns that were taken to clear seasonal inventories.  Now let me to turn the call back to Carol, and I will recap our first quarter and full year fiscal 2013 guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. So the major themes I want to highlight are the momentum of our business, how we're investing for the future, our opportunities for growth and that we're continually raising the bar in every area of the business, and most importantly, I want to reiterate how strongly we believe we will become a company of $40 billion and beyond.  First, we have tremendous momentum. For the third consecutive year, we ended the year with significant increases in customer traffic. We are convinced we will continue to attract new customers as value remains a top priority for our consumers. We are using our off-price platform to deliver outrageous value to our consumers with what we see as the most exciting assortment of brands and fashion setting us apart from other retailers. This is what TJX is all about.  Our U.S. divisions continued to outperform in 2011, posting big numbers on top of big numbers. Marmaxx comped up 5% over growth of 4% last year and 7% the year before that. HomeGoods delivered a 6% increase in 2011 over 6% and 9% increases in the past 2 years, respectively. And both divisions also continue to increase their bottom line profit, and perhaps most importantly, both are entering 2012 with great momentum.  TJX Europe is back on solid track with strong operating results in the fourth quarter, and we feel very good about this business as we begin a new year and certainly going forward. TJX Canada did regain its momentum at the end of 2011, and we're confident it is well positioned for 2012. During 2011, we took several actions to set the table for the new year and longer-term future. We closed A.J. Wright because it was the right move for the short- and long-term economics of the company. More recently, we closed StyleSense as the Marshalls shoe business is so strong in Canada. We closed a corporate facility in Europe to better align our business. This is what we do at TJX. We take intelligent risks and do what's right for the business. We test and we test again. We capitalize on what works and move beyond what doesn't. Today, we're one TJX with a "no walls" environment focused on fewer, bigger businesses.  Now to the strategic investments we're making to support our growth. We have told you that we are confident that we will grow to be a company of $40 billion and beyond. I remain convinced that we will do that. I'd like to discuss what key investments will help us get there. We are investing significantly in our supply chain and systems. As great as our supply chain is, we have lots of room to improve processes we perform manually now. This will help us get even more pointed in shipping the right goods to the right stores at the right time.  We will be investing in a new distribution center on the West Coast, the first new D.C. for Marmaxx in 10 years. We believe this will lead to even greater ease of shipping, freshness and excitement for our customers every time they walk into our stores. We also will be investing in a new data center and systems to support our growing operations. We are making a substantial investment to start up e-commerce, which I'll talk more about in a moment. We are, of course, investing in store growth. We also will continue to aggressively remodel our stores to improve customer shopping experience, as well as invest in other in-store initiative. We are investing in talent, both our TJX University and our future bench, as well as other programs to develop our associates for the future.  Lastly, we will be investing in both our corporate and buying offices in order to support our future growth. To help fund our investments and drive profitability and returns to shareholders, we will continue our cost-cutting control measures. We are planning cost reductions in the $50 million to $75 million range in 2012. These cost reductions also, along with expected merchandise margin improvement, will help us deliver our 2012 plan, which calls for flat to increasing profit margins on a 1 to 2 comp, and Jeff will cover the details a little bit later.  Importantly, as much as we believe we must significantly invest in our business in 2012, we are maintaining our 10% to 13% annual EPS growth model, and as always, we'll strive to surpass it. Again, we expect our investments to start to flatten out in calendar 2013, which should give us an opportunity to leverage even more.  Now let me turn to growth. We are more excited about our huge growth opportunities both in the U.S. and internationally. As we have discussed before, we believe Marmaxx will be a bigger business than we thought just over a year ago and see this chain growing to at least 2,400 stores. We have also discussed that we believe HomeGoods will be bigger than we originally thought. We raised our growth expectation for this chain to 750 stores in 2011. With other major U.S. home retail chains more than twice the size of HomeGoods today, we're very confident in the long-term potential to achieve these numbers.  At TJX Europe, we are on a good track and see the long-term potential for up to 875 stores in just our current market with our current concepts alone. We will proceed prudently but remain as confident as ever in our huge opportunities in Europe. In Canada, Marshalls is another growth catalyst. We see the potential to grow TJX Canada overall to 430 stores, and we will be growing this business steadily.  E-commerce is clearly in our future. We continue to see e-commerce as a major opportunity for TJX. We see it as a marriage between our stores and the Web. We plan to lever our $23 billion brick-and-mortar business and merchant organization that is over 700 people strong. We expect to offer outrageous value and utilize our flexibility, aiming to be a more flexible platform than others. We believe e-commerce will open up a greater landscape for categories. Just think about the potential for us to carry categories online that we wouldn't carry in our stores. We have a strong team assembled, consistent -- consistently of experienced e-commerce talent and off-price -- sorry, consisting of experienced e-commerce talent and off-pricers. The more we learn, the more convinced we are of the huge opportunity e-commerce can be for us. That said, we'll take our time, and we'll do it right. We're not ready to talk timing yet, and we will have more to say as we move through the year.  To continue our momentum, we are constantly raising the bar. This is the drive of our management team. We push harder and stay focused on execution in the near term and position the business for successful growth in the long term. We are continuously striving for even better execution of all the elements of the model that make this company great. Above all, we are all about value. Other retailers are getting it and talking about value now. It's been our mission since day one. We are no longer satisfied with offering customers great value. We are focused on offering outrageous value. We will be pursuing untapped customers with our values. We have made significant gains in the U.S. market, but our research tells us that only 25% of U.S. adults have shopped T.J. Maxx or Marshalls in the last year, which is much less than the -- which is much less a number than have shopped department stores.  With 4 powerful businesses, we still have tremendous opportunity to market even harder and bring new customers into our stores. This is even before incorporating e-commerce, which should only add more customers. We increased our marketing impressions by 30% this past holiday season to 1 billion impressions. In the aggregate, our brand -- our websites average over 4 million -- well over 4 million visits every month. And this is without selling merchandise online other than a small amount in the U.K.  Our brilliance is our brands, and we believe we will make our brands penetration even stronger. Our vendor universe now numbers over 15,000 vendors as we continue to expand our global sourcing. We plan to continue opening more new vendor doors and building even stronger vendor relationships. And as I said earlier, I believe we can get even better at delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We dramatically decreased store inventories over the last 2 years and turn them faster, leading to both stronger sales and margin. We also have a significant opportunity to further reduce inventories and turn them even faster.  Another factor that gives me such confidence in our future is our financial strength. Our business continued to deliver superior financial returns for our shareholders, some of the highest in all of retail and generates an enormous amount of excess cash. For 2012, we plan to continue to balance the use of cash between investing in the profitable growth of our business and distributing cash to our shareholders through dividend and share buyback. On the investment front, we are making significant investments to support our growth and plan to increase capital spending to $875 million to $900 million range. And Jeff will cover the details in a moment. Even with this increase, we still intend to buy back 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion of TJX stock and expect that our Board of Directors will increase our dividend by 21%. This would mark the 16th consecutive year of dividend increases and reflect the compound annual growth rate of 23% for that period.  Even with this level of shareholder distribution, we still plan to end fiscal 2013 with approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion in cash, which provides significant financial flexibility. We split the stock 2-for-1 earlier this year. Since our last stock split in 2002, TJX share price has more than tripled. Over the past 1-year, 5-year and 10-year period, our total shareholder returns have significantly exceeded both the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Apparel Retail Index. TJX is a company with tremendous financial strength. All of this underscores the reasons for our confidence in the business and our ability to continue to deliver significant increases in sales, earnings and cash flow to generate superior financial returns.  In closing, I feel so good about where the company is today. This business has so much promise. 2011 was another great year that reinforces all the points of our amazing business model. With strong execution, our flexible model plays well in almost any environment, but it is our future that excites me the most. The year is off to a very strong start, and we believe we have great momentum for 2012 and beyond. We are excited about our growth prospects and confident that the investments we are making to support our growth are the right ones.  I love the management team we have in place, which has amazing talent, knowledge and ability. And beyond this team, TJX has a deeply experienced bench from which to draw the future leaders of our company, and we are focused on seeing people grow successfully within our company. We are motivated and ready to move forward in growing TJX to $40 billion and beyond.  Now I'll turn it back to Jeff to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Jeffrey Naylor: Okay. Before I get to guidance, I wanted to touch on the flow through we saw in the fourth quarter. So for the quarter, we had a 7% comp store sales increase. Ordinarily, we would expect about 80 to 90 basis points of pretax margin improvement at this level of comp. Now the actual pretax margin improvement was 10 basis points, which raised the question of flow-through. There were 2 factors here. First, excluding FX or foreign exchange, pretax margins were up 30 basis points. So FX had a 20 basis point impact on our year-over-year margin comparisons. Second, we had the impact of the fourth quarter items, which negatively impacted pretax margins by 50 basis points for the quarter. So these 2 items explain the flow-through and why there wasn't as much leverage as we'd normally expect. Importantly, our model for fiscal '13 -- I'm going to get to that in a moment, reflects a profit margin that's flat to slightly up over LY on a 1% to 2% comp. So clearly, we're confident in the flow through of our model looking forward. And by the way, that model includes the incremental investments to support the growth that Carol talked about earlier. One other point, some of the fourth quarter items also impacted Europe's performance. So while fourth quarter segment profit was up 89% at TJX Europe and segment profit margin was up 220 basis points -- actually, it's up 280 basis points x currency, the fourth quarter items had a negative impact of almost 200 basis points on the European profit margins. So that's some important color around Europe's results. Let me begin guidance by just briefly touching on our 3-year outlook. The 3-year growth model is unchanged and continues to call for compound EPS growth of 10% to 13%. The components also remain unchanged, reflecting a 2% comp store sales increase, square footage growth in the 4% to 5% range, 1 to 2 points of EPS growth coming from further improvements in pretax profit margin and 4 points of EPS growth coming from the buyback. So that's a 3-year model.  Now to fiscal 2013 guidance. As you can see from today's release, we provided fiscal 2013 guidance on both a GAAP basis and the adjusted basis. The adjusted basis, as always, excludes the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation on fiscal 2012, and I'm going to speak to the adjusted numbers today.  So let me begin with full year. For the full year, we expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $2.21 to $2.31, which represents an 11% to 16% increase over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal 2012. Now this guidance includes the 53rd week in the fiscal 2013 calendar, which we expect will benefit the full year and the fourth quarter by approximately $0.07 per share. On a 52-week basis, excluding the $0.07 benefit, full year EPS would be $2.14 to $2.24, that's up 8% to 13% over the adjusted $1.99 in fiscal 2012. And obviously, very, very much in line with the 3-year model.  Now to some of the components of the guidance. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated top line sales of about $24.5 billion to $24.8 billion, a 6% to 7% increase over last year including the 53rd week. We are assuming the 53rd contributes approximately 1.5 percentage points of this increase. For comp store sales, we are assuming a 1% to 2% increase on both the consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group, and the comps by definition exclude the 53rd week. For the year, we expect pretax profit margins to be 10.9% to 11.2%. This represents a 20 to 50 basis point increase over the adjusted fiscal 2012 pretax profit margin of 10.7% with approximately 20 basis points of this increase due to the benefit from the 53rd week. So that implies that pretax profit margins on a 52-week basis will be flat to up 30 basis points, and that's on a 1% to 2% comp, so actually a little better than we would expect on a 1% to 2% comp.  We're planning gross profit margins to be 27.6% to 27.9%, which is up 20 to 50 basis points over the adjusted 27.4% in fiscal 2012. The majority of this improvement is driven by merchandise margins with approximately 10 basis points due to the 53rd week.  In terms of SG&A, we expect SG&A to be approximately 16.6% as a percent of sales versus the adjusted 16.5% in fiscal 2012. The 53rd week benefits SG&A expense ratios in fiscal 2013 by approximately 10 basis points, and the non-anniversary-ing of last year's fourth quarter items has a 15 basis point benefit. However, these 2 items are offset by the incremental investments in our business that Carol outlined earlier, and which negatively impact SG&A ratios by about 25 basis points. So the remaining 10 basis point increase in SG&A is about what we'd expect on a 1% to 2% comp.  Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are not expected to impact full year EPS growth. In terms of capital spending, it's expected to be in the $875 million to $900 million range. The increase over prior year levels reflect similar levels of spending on new stores and remodels, but investment in the new Marmaxx D.C., investments in new systems, including the data center and investments in e-commerce. So that's the reason for the CapEx increase. For modeling purposes, we're planning net interest expense in the $30 million to $31 million range, a tax rate of 38.5%, which is up 50 basis points due to the favorable tax adjustments in the prior year and a weighted average share count of 741 million shares.  Now that's first -- so that's full year guidance. Now let me turn to the first quarter guidance. As you can see from the release today, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.47. That's a 15% to 21% increase over last year's adjusted $0.39 per share. In terms of the components of that, we're assuming a first quarter top line in the $5.5 billion to $5.6 billion range. This is based on comp sales growth in the 2% to 4% range on a consolidated basis and 2% to 3% at The Marmaxx Group.  At the monthly comps for February, we're planning comp sales increases of approximately 7% on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. For the combined March, April period, we are planning on comp sales growth in the range of 1% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. In March, we are planning comps to increase 1% to 3%, and in April, flat to up 2% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx.  In terms of margins, pretax profit margins are planned in the 10.1% to 10.4% range for the first quarter, up 50 to 80 basis points over the adjusted margin in the prior year. We are anticipating the first quarter gross profit margin in the range of 27.5% to 27.7%. That's up 60 to 80 basis points versus the adjusted 26.9% gross profit margin in the prior year. And that's up due to strong merchandise margins, as well as the non-anniversary-ing of last year's 30 basis point negative mark-to-market impact. So those are the 2 factors behind the gross profit margin increase.  We're expecting SG&A as a percent of sales to be in the 17.2% to 17.3% range. That's a 10 to 20 basis point increase over last year's adjusted ratio of 17.1%. First quarter SG&A ratio comparisons to prior year are impacted by the timing of our investment spending, which didn't ramp up until the back half of last year, leading to less favorable year-over-year comparisons in the first half of fiscal '13. In terms of foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, FX is expected to have a neutral impact on EPS this year compared to a $0.02 negative impact on EPS in last year's first quarter. For modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.6% and net interest expense to be in the $7 million to $8 million range. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 753 million shares.  I'll wrap up the guidance with our store growth plans for fiscal 2013. On a consolidated basis, we plan to add approximately 160 new stores with approximately 10 planned closings. This will result in 150 net new stores for a total of 3,055 stores by year end, increasing square footage by approximately 5%. In the U.S., with the continued very strong performance of Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we will continue to aggressively expand these businesses. Our plans call for 85 new stores at Marmaxx and 40 new stores at HomeGoods. Internationally, we will continue to grow our store base steadily. At TJX Canada, we plan to add 15 new stores in fiscal 2013, including 9 Marshalls stores. At TJX Europe, we expect to add 10 new stores this year.  We will now open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thanks, and we'll take questions now. We'll turn it back to Candy. So, Candy?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stacy Pak.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess a couple quick ones. One is, do you think that the AUC pressure that the industry faced in '11 had any negative impact on you? And do you expect any positive impact going forward simply from the AUC changes we're seeing in the industry? And then second of all, can you comment on how you view everyday low prices in your competitive set versus department store sale price? And does that change the way you think about your business at all?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Stacy, look, I'm going to come back to who we are and that is the distance between us and everyone else. In terms of cost, I mean, it's the way we buy. We're an off-price company. We buy very close to need. You could not have a more promotional environment. I don't think I've ever seen it this promotional as in December. And not only were we able to keep our margins, but we had a very, very strong comp. So my answer really to both those questions is, our model works if we execute our model every day, whether the prices go up or whether people go every day, the model works that way.
Operator: Next question, Rick Patel.
Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit about segment profitability for TJX Europe? It seems like it improved pretty nicely in the fourth quarter, but you still seem to be below peak levels. Are there any structural reasons why margins can't get back up to the peak levels that you were at a couple years ago? And what should we be expect for the next year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. I'll have Jeff go through the year model, but we feel in Europe we're certainly going to increase. I think we're planning like 280 basis points for the year or something, a pretty strong increase. Jeff will go through the exact numbers. But we feel that we're in a very good place going forward. We're being cautious. we feel that it's a pretty big jump from this year. We certainly have good infrastructure built in. We're planning on only adding 10 more stores next year. So we think this is a really good sensible, viable plan. Going forward, we still see it as an 8% model. I think this year will be a very good year for us to really see how strong we can be.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think if you look at the -- I'll talk to the fourth quarter and then fiscal '13. So in the fourth quarter, we saw the margins a year ago from 3.4% to 5.6%. So that's a 220 basis point increase. That was suppressed a bit by FX, so if you adjust for FX, that 5.6% would have been 6.2%. We actually had a 280 basis point increase. The other factor there is that, that 280 basis point increase in the fourth quarter was also negatively impacted by the fourth quarter items. There was about a 200 basis point hit to Europe in the fourth quarter from those fourth quarter items. So you can just -- we would have had explosive margin growth in Europe in the fourth quarter if it weren't for the fourth quarter items having a 200 basis point impact and currency having a 60 basis point impact. So we feel great about the track that we're on. Now as we look forward, we planned the European business on a 4% to a 5% comp next year. And last year, we had a 2.4% segment profit margin. This year, we're planning at 4.9% to 5.4%. And that's with 20 basis points of benefit from the 53rd week. So if you adjust out the 53rd week, it will be 4.7% of 5.2%. The 53rd week in general will benefit our pretax -- our margins in total TJX and our business by 20 basis points next year. So Europe goes from 2.4% to 4.9% to 5.4% with 20 basis points of the benefit of the 53rd week included in that number. So we feel good. That will be strong, steady growth. Obviously, a higher level of comp would get us a higher level of bottom line margin improvement. And as Carol mentioned, there really are no structural reasons that we can't get back to 8% and above on the second profit margins for Europe.
Operator: Next, Jeff Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Carol, you teased us a little bit with your comments on e-commerce, and I'm wondering, is e-commerce part of the discussion for 2012? In other words, can you launch this year? And if not, what's preventing you from getting there? It seems like the team has been together now for quite some time.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, again, we're going to -- we'll give you a little more color as we get through the year. We learned a lot in the past. We learned a lot from Europe. Even when you look at Marshalls in Canada, we're going slow. And it's tremendously strong, and we want to make sure that we do e-commerce right. So we are -- in our 3-year model, it's a tremendous opportunity. And we -- again, I'm going to just keep coming back to we want to do it right, and then we can accelerate it. So when we get all our ducks in a row, we'll be very happy to tell everyone what's going on and report to you.
Operator: Next, Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Carol, I just want to use the word outrageous value several times. And as interesting as -- we get that. Obviously, it's an evolving competitive landscape. But I'm just wondering, how do you reconcile what outrageous value means and how that's different from the type of value we've seen in the past with the fact that merchandise margins are planned up 10 basis points in 2013?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Adrianne, it has to do with raising the bar every year. And the messaging with the team, and Ernie has spent a lot of time strategizing with all our divisions to absolutely leverage to really maximize our off-price model, to keep our inventories even leaner next year and to increase our brand relationships and make them even stronger. So we're pretty excited about it. Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Adrianne, I would say it also lines up with the liquidity and the inventory turns that we've been maintaining. We're making sure that we're really buying hand to mouth, and the environment seems to, across all the markets, whether the better markets or the moderate markets and in all categories within the store seems to have a fair amount of goods. So again, that kind of fits the model and allows us to, I think, ramp up the exciting values that we have and get them to that outrageous level.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So -- and Adrianne, as always, we have a few new interesting initiatives up our sleeve, and we're always testing things. Jeff wanted to make a comment on the margin also.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I just -- I guess just to set the record straight, the margin was up more -- the margin was up 10 basis points in the fourth quarter. As we look at fiscal '13 for the full year, our gross profit is planned up 20 to 50 bps, basis points. Ten of that is from the 53rd week. The balance is all coming from merchandise margins. So the implied merchandise margin increases in fiscal '13 are in that 10 to 40 basis point range. The third component of the gross profit margin, buying and occupancy, we've got plan flat, but you'd expect that on a 1 to 2 comp. Obviously, we would expect to get some leverage if, in fact, the comp were to exceed the level that we have in our plans. So -- but I think the point to color here is merchandise margins are being planned up to 10 to 40 next year. So we have put some improvements baked into our full year model.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. So that's my point, Jeff. I'm just wondering in terms of the merchandise margins, 10 to 40. Maybe kind of help us think about, is that more of liquidity issues? What sort of turn expectations we could expect to get...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, that is a big piece of it. And as I said before, as we get better, we talked about systems, and we talked about a lot we do manually. If we are -- again, very focused on the right goods at the right stores at the right time, and I've said it a few times that we have still lots of opportunity there. A big chunk of our investments for 2012 are in systems to improve for the future. We're going to have another D.C. on the West Coast in the future, so we're putting investment in. But we see certainly opportunity for this year, and hopefully, even going forward, greater opportunity as we get some of these things really up and running. But we're far from at the end of our game.
Operator: Next question, Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, I'm wondering if you can talk to us a little bit about your business in Canada. The sales numbers really turned around in the fourth quarter relative to the comps they had been producing in Q1, 2 and 3. But the operating margin fell in Q4, and it had been relatively stable in the second and the third quarter. Are there some anomalies in there that you could address? And what would your expectation be for Canada here in 2012?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, Canada -- we closed StyleSense, which is a piece of the fourth quarter and a little bit of merchandise margin due to cold-weather merchandise that we wanted to clean out. And we had an increase in advertising. So really, those 3 factors are what hit us in the fourth quarter. But I think Ernie should give you some color because I think he's feeling and we're feeling pretty good about Canada.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, Kimberly, I think a couple things we focused on up there is at one point in the -- I would say in the first half into the third quarter, we were a little concerned with the values and how we were stacking up against the competition up there. So going into the fourth quarter, we felt much better about what type of values we're delivering across the store there. Secondly, we talked about this before, our ladies business, which is obviously a core component of our Winners business was something where we thought we had execution issues early on, and we feel we made a lot of inroads there. And if you look in the fourth quarter, we don't get specific, but we did have an improvement in our trend in the ladies business and even more recently into January. So that's always good bellwether for us going forward as we enter 2012. And also a great job on inventory control and liquidity and with the momentum going into the new year, all those components are making us feel pretty good. I think Jeff wanted to talk to the guidance a little bit here.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, as we look forward, Kimberly, so we would right now embed it in our full year guidance, Canada in the 2% to 3% comp on top of the minus 1 from last year. In terms of bottom line, we have them planned right now 13.6% to 13.9% on top of the 13 -- I'm sorry, I'm reading the wrong number there. We have them planned at 12.9% to 13.1% on top of the 13% last year. Canada benefits 10 basis points from the 53rd week, but they're getting hit by 20 basis points in terms of foreign currency at current rates. So if you take all that out, Canada we would have planned up 10 on a 52-week basis, flat to up 20 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp. That's about what you'd expect, right? A flat to 20 basis point improvement in your bottom line margin on a 2% to 3% comp, I think which really underscores our belief that the business is back on solid footing, and we're confident in the profit and the profit flow-through.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other point, Kimberly, is again learning from the past. Ernie's put a pretty strong team together for Marshalls, so we have invested in some bench strength so that we get ahead of Marshalls as we go forward. We're only planning on 6 additional stores next year but -- excuse me, 9 additional stores, but that's really going to set us up for the future. So that when we start to really accelerate, we're going to be in great shape, and we won't skip a beat.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jeff, can you talk a little bit about new store productivity at Marmaxx? Now that you're opening more stores in some densely populated areas, I would have expected productivity to move higher. My numbers don't show that, but it's always hard for us to get at it exactly. So just wondering what your number is showing. And then also, can you maybe just share with us your assumptions for HomeGoods comps and profit margin assumptions for '12?
Jeffrey Naylor: Okay. So in terms of the productivity, while we are opening in densely populated urban areas in Marmaxx, we are also opening a lot of stores in more rural markets where the store will open maybe in a sort of $4 million to $4.5 million sales range, which is well below the average. That said, we pay significantly less in rent and can deliver a 4-wall contribution that's just -- in dollar basis, just slightly below the average. But on a percentage basis actually, it's as strong or stronger than the average. So we've got a really great opening program going in smaller markets. And the productivity in those are both strong contribution margins, strong ROIs. The sales tend to be less than the average, and that is really counteracting or balancing out the benefit on the terms of sales per store that we're getting from those bigger stores. In terms of the guidance, since I've given Canada and Europe, why don't I just give Marmaxx and HomeGoods? U.S. for HomeGoods, so I'll start with that. The HomeGoods we have planned to comp up 1% to 2%. The 4-wall profitability, we have planned 10.7% to -- I'm sorry, 4-wall profitability -- the segment profit margin, we have planned at 10.7% to 10.9%. And that's again with a 20 basis point benefit from the 53rd week. Marmaxx, we have planned the comp up 1% to 2%, and we have the profit margin planned at 13.6% to 13.9%. And again, that's with -- in the case of Marmaxx, that's 10 to 20 basis points of improvement due to the 53rd week. So you can see in the case of Marmaxx, we're planning the -- that pretax margin's down slightly to up slightly on a 1% to 2% comp, again, what you'd expect. And in the case of HomeGoods, same thing. On a 52-week basis, down slightly to up slightly on a 1% to 2% comp.
Operator: Next question comes from Evren Kopelman.
Maren Kasper - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's Maren Kasper in for Evren. Just quickly, it's clear that your business does very well in both healthy and challenging macro environments. So we're wondering, in your opinion, what do you view as the biggest risk to your business?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The biggest risk is always us not executing. That's always the biggest risk. If we do what we do best, then we'll end up beating. And if we don't, it's all on us.
Operator: Next question comes from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about -- what does your research show in terms of traffic? Are you getting new customers, or are -- is your customer coming back more often, or is it a combination of both? And then what are your expectations for traffic and ticket for 2012?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, for the year, we were up slightly in traffic and in basket. We ended the fourth quarter very strong. We had tremendous momentum from our tri-branding, which is pretty exciting because we ended the year going in with a lot of new customers for the new year. Our marketing plans for next year are we have an increased dollar versus last year. We will increase our impressions and more than likely, we will be on network TV a couple of more weeks this year than we were last year. We keep learning more and more about our marketing, and it's pretty exciting. So we're just going to keep bringing in new customers, and that's a big part of our growth vehicle. As I said before, our penetration is a lot less than typical of department stores. So we have a long way to go.
Jeffrey Naylor: It's hard to determine exactly the extent to which the increase in transactions is being driven by new customers versus existing customers. All we can really do is look at that penetration stat towards the percentage of the customers that shop our chains this year versus last year. And what we've seen over time is that's been eking up as we've moved over the last several years, and we think that will continue to do that going forward given the importance of value to customers.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: All right, great. Can I throw in one more? You don't have to answer if you don't want. Merchandise margins -- can you talk a little bit about your merchandise margin expectations by division for 2012?
Jeffrey Naylor: No, that's -- we don't provide that.
Operator: Next question comes from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The -- I just wanted to come back to the earlier question for a second about Europe and just understand kind of the progression going forward that you would tend to expect. I know in the past it was highly seasonal in terms of profitability to the fourth quarter. Do you expect it to be smoother kind of going forward than, let's say, it was in 2009, a relatively normal year? That would be the first question.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, well, we're giving full year guidance, but what I will say to you is that I think it just reads of opportunity. And we did -- we have a lot of -- the percent of profit in the back half is almost 85%. So both Ernie and I just look at that and say this is an opportunity. And that's the way we approach it. So our goal is to get it back. We want it to be an 8% model. We're working towards that. We like the team very much, and we're really heading in the right direction.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, well, I don't have this here in front of me, Dan, but I suspect that the pattern is probably not that much different than what we would have seen in 2009, maybe a little bit less weighted towards the back half, but still more weighted towards the back half than our North American businesses.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. I guess just related to that, the -- what you gave us the fourth quarter adjusted margin for Europe, from the table, it shows 5.7%. Was there an additional adjustment that brought it to the 6 -- I think you said 6.2% or 6.5%?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. There was -- currency had an impact in the fourth quarter of -- hang on one second. Let me just get it in front of me. Currency had an impact in the fourth quarter in Europe of about 50 basis points.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. I guess I thought that was already captured, but...
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, so if you look at the -- we have tables that are on the -- we put the tables on the Web that give you the sales and marketing comparability with and without currency. So on -- before -- x -- the reported numbers we want from 3.4% to 5.6% in the quarter, Dan, so that's up 220 bps. If you adjust for currency, it would be going from 2.9% up to 5.7% or a 280 basis point increase. So that was the difference. And then on top of that, there's the 200 basis point hit we're getting for the fourth quarter items, which would've taken you even higher had we not incurred those items in the quarter.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. Okay, just quickly, the other question was regarding the opportunistic buys that you did last year. Obviously, the year-to-year inventory change came down significantly by year end. How would you assess overall kind of the sell-through in terms of traffic and margins on that opportunistic buys relative to the original thought?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, I think you're trying to get at packaways, I assume?
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, yes.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We're in very good shape. We're always within our number. We have more packaways than last year because there was just an abundance of fabulous cold weather and brands. So again, we have more packaways than last year, still within the range that we always are. But our inventories are pretty lean, and we're nice and liquid. We're really in great shape.
Jeffrey Naylor: And we don't comment on the margin on packaway product versus the margin on other product. Again, we've never -- well we've been increasing the mix towards close out over time, we've never in our MD&A called out that mix as a factor in merchandise margin increases year-over-year. We get very, very good merchandise margins out of our incentive buys as well. So -- but again, it's not -- we really don't comment on packaway versus other forms of purchased goods.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The key is, our inventory in stores is way down. We're very, very liquid, and there is a very plentiful market out there.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-on points. The first on e-commerce and any opportunity to move more quickly on that, that is, say, in the calendar 2012 and to use that more aggressively as a marketing vehicle, as well as a sales tool. And just your further thoughts on e-commerce, if you would? And then if you could provide specifics regarding the European growth to 875 stores, wondering how that breaks out by country or by region.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. You guys keep asking me about e-commerce, and I'm going to say it 9 million times, we know all the opportunities, and we know how many people come to our website. And I guarantee we will do it right. But as always, we want to do things planning in a conservative way, putting in most of our cost factors certainly from what we can see and doing it right. The reason we look long-term and see it as just a tremendous vehicle is just that leveraging of the platform and the opportunity to even sell product that we don't have in our stores today, to sell product that we have in our stores today. So we will get there, and we will do it in the right way. In terms of the European growth...
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. The stores, the 750 to 875 breaks down as follows, Richard. We'd have 300 to 325 stores potential in the U.K.; 250 to 300 in Germany; 100 to 150 HomeSense stores; and 100 stores in Poland. So it just reflects the markets that we're in currently and the concepts that we have currently. So we obviously believe that there's potential beyond those numbers. But our mantra right now is go slow, build the infrastructure, and then once we've got good -- once we've reestablished very strong performance in the division, which we believe we're on our way to do, to accelerate at that point in time.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you talk about how the converted A.J. Wright stores are performing and your learnings there? And then as it relates to the supply chain initiatives, what inning are you in, in making those investments? And when do you think you could begin to benefit?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I'm sorry, the second question inning on what?
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the supply chain investments that you're making and when do you see the benefits coming?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The supply chain. Okay, well in terms of the supply chain, we're kind of in the first inning. So I -- we're really looking at this as probably a 2- to a 3-year project with more investment in 2012. Then it starts to flatten out. In terms of A.J., we really -- we have the benefits that we talked about from a year ago. But more importantly, it's really what just allows us to grow the Marmaxx chain and the HomeGoods chain. So we see the increase in number of stores. And obviously, both those businesses have much stronger margins than our A.J. Wright chain did. So there's the opportunity, and that's why we keep increasing the number of stores because we've really learned how to exist in lower demographics, in high density, lower income, variety. We learned a little bit more about the diversity piece of it. So this is what is just allowing us to really grow those chains. And that was the idea initially, is to leverage 4 big businesses and not be as spread out. So we feel very good about going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Weiner.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hopefully it's Dave Weiner. So I won't ask my 5 Internet questions. So just, Jeff, really I guess a lot of questions have been asked, but just a question on the buying and occupancy. What is the sensitivity for every comp point you come -- for the total company for every comp point you come in above your plan, how much will that lever the B&O?
Jeffrey Naylor: Layer [ph] every comp point above plan will leverage expenses by 20 basis points.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: 20 bps, and that's consistent with...
Jeffrey Naylor: In line with the bottom line by 20 bps, and we really don't break that out between the B&O and SG&A.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And is that -- that's consistent with -- I've asked this question before, I just want to make sure, is this consistent with what -- has that changed over the last...
Jeffrey Naylor: Well, it's -- that assumes no merchandise margin expansion.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's right.
Jeffrey Naylor: That's just the expense leverage that we'd expect. So if you got merchandise margin expansion on top of that, we've obviously gotten a lot of that over the last 3 years, you'd expect it to be more. So you really can't say a point of comp equates to 20 basis points on the bottom line because it really depends how we manage our inventories and the quality of the goods that we're buying, returns, et cetera, and how those impact merchandise margin. But what you can say is the point of comp is worth 20 basis points on the bottom line, and that's mixed between G&A and buying and occupancy. So there's a spread between the 2, but we get the -- you'd expect bottom line to see 20 bps.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First on Canada and then general corporate expenses. With Canada last -- this past fiscal year, you had a segment margin of 13% and despite some poor execution. I'm just wondering why you're not raising the ceiling on that potential to closer to 14% because what once you really start executing this year, it seems like there's a lot of upward opportunity. And then just general corporate expense, what's driving the increase? And should we expect it to be similar in the new fiscal year as it was last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff in a moment, but I just want to make a comment on Europe -- on Canada rather. I think we have a very prudent plan in there, and we are also investing in our business going forward. So that's a piece of it. But I think both Ernie and I are very, very comfortable with our plans, and I think it makes a lot of sense on a 2% to 3% comp. So, Jeff, you want to go through?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, just a damp [ph] on Canada. On a 2% to 3% comp, you wouldn't expect a lot of expense leverage. We are making investments, and we clearly have had some hits this year that have been related to getting the margins -- improving our margin and getting it more aligned with the markets. So I think -- we feel comfortable with the way we set the plan for next year. In terms of corporate expenses, we would expect a lower increase this year than last year. So if you look at this year, we had 100 -- the corporate expenses were $228 million against $169 million last year. About a quarter of that are the fourth quarter items and our write-off we took earlier this year associated with moving one of our buying offices. A little more than half of this is investments in talent events including TJX University, investments in new systems and e-commerce. The balance reflects normal growth. For fiscal '13, we're expecting the corporate expenses to be, on a 53-week basis, $270 million to $277 million. And on a 52-week basis, that's $268 million to $276 million. So that's up what? That's up about $40 million to $45 million. Almost all of that is the investment in our data center, e-commerce business and other investments that Carol mentioned, partially offset by the fourth quarter items that go away. We had a voluntary retirement program separation agreement and that flowed through the corporate items. So the net of all those really explains the lion's share of that growth next year. We would expect that growth really to level out once we get to fiscal '14.
Operator: Next question comes from Dana Telsey.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: As you think about inventory turns and the efficient supply chain, you've always talked about store level of inventory turns of around 10x to 11x. How do you see that developing or changing given the inventory plans? And then just 2 other quick things: Number one, marketing spend, how you're thinking about it for 2012 versus '11. And lastly, on remodeled stores, how's the performance and how's the occupancy costs?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, Dana, that's 3 questions. We don't give you specifics on inventory turns. I can tell you, as I said before, it's one of our biggest investments going forward. We're sort of at the beginning of the game. This year, we still will decrease our inventories in stores, and we will turn faster. But we don't know the endgame of the opportunity because we're going to see how it yields. But we just see a lot of things that we think we can do better for the future. So we're pretty excited about that. The marketing spend, what I said to you is, we're up in dollars versus last year, we will be up in dollars this coming year. We'll be on network TV a couple of more weeks than we -- more than we were a year ago, so the impressions will be up. But more importantly, we're leveraging all of our businesses together, and we think we have some very, very strong campaigns going forward. And I think each year, we get better and better at this. In terms of the remodels, we really don't discuss the specific numbers. We like it. We're happy with it. And next year, we are planning to do over 300. Along with that, we're always looking at the next generation and other in-store initiatives that can -- to drive sales for us in the future.
Jeffrey Naylor: A couple of financial factoids here. On the remodels, the recent performance, the lifts we are seeing are very comparable to the lifts that we were seeing in earlier classes of remodels. And on the marketing, the dollars will be -- spend will be up in line with sales, and our ad-to-sales ratio, right now, we're planning basically flat although we reserve the right to change that as we move through the year.
Operator: Last question comes from Jeff Black.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jeff, maybe you could help us. We've had a lot of talk about it, but what is the magnitude of the inventory improvement you're talking about? I mean, can you framework it in reference to turns? Are we look at it as another turn that's possible or in the amount of inventory that you think you can take out of stores and maybe tack on how the D.C. in California helps with these efforts?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, yes, it's -- I think as we look at turns, we're reluctant to quantify what it's going to be going forward. I think when we look at store turns in the past 3 years, we've gone from turning -- 3 years ago, we used to say we'd turn 8x to 9x a year. Now we're saying we turn 10x to 11x. We have some divisions that are turning faster than others. We have disclosed that HomeGoods is in that 14% to 15% range. So we think there's opportunities across a couple of our divisions. And systems are only going to help us do that. The other thing that helps up is our D.C. productivity. We've invested in engineered standards. So when Carol says we're at the first inning, we're on the first inning of our systems investments. But in terms of some of the investments we've made engineered standards in our distribution center, those were pretty far along, where it's more like in the 6th, 7th inning, and those have yielded huge results. It's not insignificant that we had 10 years of growth in Marmaxx in terms of comp and new stores without having had to add a D.C. And a lot of that is coming from the productivity that we're seeing. And a lot of that has come from engineered standard. So we think there's an opportunity going forward. We don't want to cap our thinking on this, but I would tell you, we're very proud of the increases we've been able to generate at store level. We think the investments that we've made have yielded very strong results, and we're excited about the future investments that we're making that should yield additional benefits. I just don't want to put a number on it, Jeff, at this point. Clearly, we have some of this baked into our plan with a 10 to 40 basis point improvement in merchandise margin next year. And we'll see where we are as we go.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks. I want to thank everyone, and we're looking forward to reporting to you on the first quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. You may disconnect. Thank you for participating in today's call.

===== 2012 Q3  (2011-11-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Jeffrey Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Pamela Nagler Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Brian X Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, November 15, 2011. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Ellan, and good morning. Before we begin, Sherry Lang has a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2011. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, again, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. In addition, that section of our website also includes reconciliations of guidance with respect to non-GAAP measures to guidance on a GAAP basis. Thank you. And I'll turn it back to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining Sherry and me on the call are Ernie Herrman and Jeff Naylor.  Our 15% EPS growth in the third quarter was in line with our expectations, and on top of a 14% increase last year and 40% growth the year before that. Our strong results demonstrate once again our ability to sustain and grow profit margin. We achieved these results despite unseasonably warm weather in September and October in many key regions of the U.S. and Canada which hindered demand for fall apparel. As the weather turned cold, sales picked up nicely and we ended the quarter with a strong finish. Importantly, although it's early, November is off to a strong start. Jeff will go into more detail on this, but I want to point out that the combination of a higher tax rate and lesser benefits from FX than we anticipated in our most recent guidance had a $0.02 negative impact on our EPS compared to our guidance. So EPS would have been slightly above the high end of our expected range without these factors.  Customer traffic was essentially flat for the quarter despite the seasonality issues. But again, strengthened when the weather turned cooler. Average ticket was slightly up, which bodes well for the fourth quarter. We are offering customers tremendous value and are convinced that the value will continue to be a top priority for the consumers' holiday season. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will recap the third quarter results, and then come back.
Jeffrey Naylor: Okay. Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. So for the third quarter, net sales reached $5.8 billion to 5% increase over last year, and our Q3 consolidated comp store sales increased 3%. And that was at the high-end of our original guidance, which was for comp store sales to increase in the 2% to 3% range.  Diluted earnings per share were $1.06 compared with last year's $0.92 and, as Carol mentioned, that represents a 15% year-over-year increase. As we discussed previously, our tax rate was unfavorable to our original guidance, which had a $0.01 negative impact on our results.  Additionally, with the surge in the Canadian dollar in the last few days of the quarter, the benefit of the mark-to-market adjustment on our inventory-related hedges was $0.01 less than we contemplated in that guidance.  The higher tax rate is due to greater-than-expected levels of earnings at our domestic U.S. businesses, which have a higher marginal tax rate and lower-than-expected levels of earnings at our Canadian and European businesses, which have lower tax rates. So in essence, it's a mix issue. And while we expect to see a similar impact in the fourth quarter, which I'll cover when we get to guidance, we believe the tax rate becomes less of an issue going forward as the foreign businesses rebound.  Consolidated pretax profit margin for the quarter was 11.5%, and that's up 70 basis points over prior year and above our original guidance. The mark-to-market adjustment on the company's inventory-related hedges contributed 20 basis points of this increase. And the remaining increase was primarily driven by improved gross profit margins.  The gross profit margin improved 60 basis points during the quarter versus last year, which, again, was better than expected, primarily due to buying and occupancy leverage, as well as the 20 basis points positive impact on the mark-to-market adjustment that I just mentioned.  Merchandise margins were essentially flat against large increases cumulatively over the past 3 years. SG&A expense was flat the prior year and in line with our expectations despite the leverage in our corporate expenses where we are funding investments in new systems, talent and e-commerce.  As to inventories. At the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, which include the warehouses, increased 14% versus the 6% decrease last year. So as we have been discussing on prior calls, this increase is primarily due to our having selectively taken advantage of a continued large quantities of available, branded, pack-away product at great value. And this includes goods we bought at the end of the summer season.  It's important to know -- similar to the end of Q2, the increase is all in our distribution centers. Store inventories, so the actual -- the inventories that are in our stores, remain down versus prior year and are turning more quickly. Additionally, our forward purchase commitments remained down significantly compared to this time last year. So as a result, we remain liquid. We're in an excellent position to capitalize on the opportunities we're seeing in the marketplace.  Lastly on inventories, as we look towards the year end, we would expect total inventories, on a per-store basis, to be up in the low to mid single-digit percentage range versus prior year, although this will ultimately depend on the level of pack-away at that time.  Finally, in terms of shareholder distributions, we retired 5.5 million shares buying back $295 million worth of TJX stock during the quarter. Year-to-date, we have retired 18.6 million shares buying back $968 million of our stock. And we continue to anticipate buying back approximately $1.2 billion worth of TJX stock this year.  Now let me turn the call back to Carol, and I'll come back at the end of the call with details on the fourth quarter and full year guidance.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. I'll go through our 4 major divisions commenting on our third quarter results, and will then review our growth catalyst for the future. I'll wrap up by sharing with you our opportunity for the fourth quarter.  We are particularly pleased with the continued excellent performance of our U.S. division. Marmaxx posted a 4% comp sales increase above our expectation. Segment profit margin also exceeded our plans reaching 13.2%, which was 20 basis points over last year and on top of big gains in the 2 preceding years underscoring our ability to sustain and grow profit margin.  As we have already mentioned, these strong results were achieved despite unseasonably warm weather in many key regions, including demand for cold-weather apparel. Customers continue to respond extremely well to our assortments and values and advertising is just now kicking in.  As to our growth opportunities at Marmaxx, we believe Marmaxx will be even bigger than we thought a year ago, and have increased the store growth potentially to approximately 2,400 stores. We have significantly widened the demographic reach of Marmaxx in all directions, and are capitalizing on real estate vacancies in urban markets and filling in smaller markets where we operate very profitable stores.  Our new store performance exceeding our plans. And as we expand T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, our cannibalization levels are in line, all of which we're very encouraged by.  HomeGoods continues to deliver outstanding results over tough comparisons with comps up by a strong 5% in the third quarter, and segment profit up 220 basis points to 11.5%. HomeGoods is becoming a more powerful brand every day, and we believe its notched-up advertising in the fourth quarter will help us continue to gain market share.  As we have said before, we are really excited about our growth opportunities at HomeGoods. We have raised HomeGoods' long-term store potential from 600 stores to about 750 stores. We are now also comfortable modeling this position at a 10%-plus segment profit margin when we used to see this business around 9% to 10%.  In addition, the fact that other U.S. home retail chains operate more than twice the number of stores as HomeGoods does gives us even greater confidence. Further, there are over 100 markets where we operate the T.J. Maxx or a Marshalls store but don't yet have a HomeGoods store.  Moving to TJX Europe, comps were flat for the quarter, but up 5% in October. Thus far, we're seeing positive trends in November. Segment profit was slightly up over last year. I'm encouraged by what we're seeing in the U.K. as this was the area in which we focused first, and the region where we saw the greatest improvement in the third quarter. It tells us that what we've been working on is taking hold. Now we're beginning to see more progress in Germany, which we focused on after the U.K. More importantly, customers are voting and they're telling us they like our mix again. We like our stores. We like the way they look for the holiday selling season. And we remain confident that we'll continue to see even greater improvement as we move through the fourth quarter.  As we have discussed before, we have slow growth but TJX Europe, this year, stabilized the business. And that said, we remain as confident as ever in the enormous growth opportunities that we have in Europe. We have a strong proven business in Europe. And with other retailers closing stores, we see great real estate and market share opportunity. We see the long-term potential to expand to the 700 to 875 stores in just -- with just our current concept, in just our current markets, without even having to think about the next country.  At TJX Canada, comp sales decreased 2% and segment profit decreased 6%, excluding the impact of FX. We are making some progress with the issues we have discussed before and are beginning to see improvement in certain category. We also like our gift-giving focus for the fourth quarter, and believe that the Canadian business is heading in the right direction. We are continuing to keep our inventories lean as we have worked through fine tuning our mix.  We are excited about Marshalls' promising start in Canada. Our first 6 stores are outperforming their performance, and we are seeing cannibalization in line or slightly above our expectations. We're particularly pleased with how well our expanded footwear departments at Marshalls are performing. We're thrilled to launch another growth vehicle in Canada where we're leveraging our existing infrastructure. Long term, we believe that Marshalls in Canada has the potential to be 90 to 100 stores.  As to e-commerce, as we have said before, we clearly see online in our future. We view e-commerce as a way to further strengthen our powerful brand and leverage our brick-and-mortar business offering the customer great assortment, as well as convenience. We have a team in place and we'll be investing to support online growth, but we still have a lot of work to do. We'll be methodical with this initiative as always, and we'll take our time, test and retest. As you've heard me say before, we want to do it right and we want to make money.  Importantly, as we pursue these catalysts for growth, our management team is concentrated on fewer, bigger businesses. Through the next year, we expect to expand square footage by about 5%, netting a total of 130 to 145 stores. Confident that TJX has the potential to grow to about 4,500 stores with just our current concepts and our current markets alone.  Now to our plentiful opportunity for the fourth quarter. First, I believe that we will have the most exciting gift-giving initiatives we've ever had for the holiday season in every one of our divisions.  Second, we will be shipping the highest percentages of freshness in our merchandise mix ever this holiday season. Even into 2, 3, 4 and fifth week of December, consumers will see fresh selections when they come to our store. We see this as a major differentiator between us and the other retailers.  Third, I believe that our best brand penetration is even stronger this holiday than last year.  Fourth, although our values will continue to be extremely sharp, we do see some opportunity to increase average ticket in the fourth quarter. This is our powerful marketing. This holiday season, we will only slightly increase our marketing investment, our marketing impressions, although, will be up 30% over last year in our U.S. division. And 6, we'll be more aggressive with our gift card program this year.  Further, we believe that upgrading the shopping experience at our stores will continue to pay dividends this holiday season. We continue to see lists in our recently remodeled stores that are comparable to when we first started the program over 2 years ago. We will continue the program into next year and certainty beyond that.  In closing, I feel very good about our business as we enter the fourth quarter. We ended the third quarter strongly and are off to a great start in November. Marmaxx and HomeGoods continue their excellent performance. At TJX Europe, we are seeing positive trends; in Canada, we are seeing progress and like our gift-giving focus for the holiday. For the holiday season, we believe we are very well-positioned with our fresh gift-giving selection, powerful marketing and upgraded store experience. And I'm convinced that value will remain uppermost in consumers' minds this holiday season, and we are all about value. Value is our mission and I am confident that as long as we execute well and keep delivering our extraordinary values on a rapidly changing assortment, TJX will be a key retailer for today and for the future.  And now I'll turn the call over to Jeff, to go through our guidance, and then we'll open it up to questions.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks. Before I get to guidance, a couple of clarifying comments about the third quarter and our results.  First, with respect to foreign currency. The benefit that we described primarily impacted the Canadian numbers, as the impact on our European results was not meaningful. So while we reported an 11% increase in Canada segment profit margin for the quarter, this was entirely due to the mark-to-market gains on our inventory-related hedges.  Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the segment profit declined 6% during the quarter, as Carol mentioned. It's a little bit better than we'd expect on a negative 2 comp, with Canada doing a good job controlling inventories and limiting markdowns.  Second, since we're talking about currency. Regarding overall currency, while it can have a significant impact on an individual quarter, our experience is that it tends to moderate over time. So over the past 5 years, including the current year's -- our current year forecast, the FX impact has ranged annually from a $0.04 benefit to a $0.05 hit. Clearly, not a significant factor.  And cumulatively, the EPS impact from foreign exchange movements over the past 5 years has been essentially neutral. So while we call out FX impacts and they have significantly impacted certain quarters, it hasn't been a significant factor to our overall annual or multi-year results in the past.  Finally, as a reminder, tables are available on our website, which layout the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results, as well as the results of our international businesses. And that will help you kind of understand the difference between reported and adjusted results for those businesses.  Turning now to guidance. As you can see from today's release, we provided fiscal 2012 guidance on both a GAAP basis and on an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidation, and also excludes a benefit from a nonoperating item in fiscal 2011. And details of all of this, along with the related reconciliation to GAAP financial information can be found on the table in the Investor section on our website, and I encourage you to refer to these. Today, I'm going to speak to the adjusted numbers.  So for the full year, we have raised the lower end of our previous range of guidance to reflect Q3 performance. The prior range for adjusted EPS was $3.89 to $3.97 for the full year. The new range is $3.93 to $3.97, which would represent a 13% to 14% increase over the adjusted $3.49 in fiscal 2011.  I'd also point out this increase would be on top of an adjusted EPS increase of 23% last year and 48% the year before that, so we're pleased with the sequential increases that we're seeing. This guidance is based on estimates for 3% comp store sales increase and adjusted pretax margins in the 10.7% to 10.8% range, which is up 10 to 20 basis points over the adjusted fiscal 2011 pretax margin of 10.6%.  The full year outlook assumes fourth quarter EPS in the range of $1.19 to $1.23, up 13% to 17% over the adjusted $1.05 last year, and this is unchanged from our prior guidance. So now I'll get into some of the details of the fourth quarter.  First, with respect to sales, we're estimating Q4 sales of approximately $6.5 billion to $6.6 billion, with comp store sales increases of 2% to 3% on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group.  As you can see from the release today, we have raised our comp sales guidance from our previous outlook which called for a 1% to 2% increase with the current outlook of 2% to 3%. The benefit of the projected additional sales, which reflects a stronger underlying trend in our business, is offset by foreign exchange rate and tax rate unfavorability versus our prior forecast. The underlying math here is that the extra point of comp would be worth about $0.03, while the increased tax rate would negatively impact us by about $0.01 and the movement in FX rates that are lower than our original guidance would negatively impact us by about $0.02 in the quarter.  As to monthly comps, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group, we expect comps to increase 3% to 5% in November; 1% to 2% in December; and 1% to 3% in January.  With respect to free cash profit margins, we now have them planned in the range of 11.4% to 11.7%, which is up 20 to 50 basis points versus the adjusted 11.2% last year. This represents an increase over our prior guidance and reflects the flow-through benefit from the expected incremental comp store sales.  We're planning our fourth quarter gross profit margin in the range of 27.2% to 27.4%; that's up 30 to 50 basis points over the prior year. And we expect SG&A, as a percent of sales, to be in the range of 15.6 to 15.7, which is flat to up 10 basis points over the last year and about what we'd expect on a 2% to 3% comp. For modeling purposes, we're planning a tax rate of 38.7%; net interest expense in the $8 million to $9 million range; and weighted average shares of approximately $381 million.  Finally, on guidance, our outlook for the remainder of the year assumes seems that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from their current levels. We'll now open the call up for questions. [Operator Instructions] So thank you. We'll take questions now, and Ellan will go and open it up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just if I could ask for a little bit more detail regarding your expectations for margin performance by division in the fourth quarter. Do you think Europe, in particular, is likely to show year-over-year improvement on an underlying basis in the profit margin? And maybe some guidance for the other segments too.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Daniel, we're not on giving specific divisions and the details, in terms of the margins by division. But maybe, I can give you some color on Europe. Europe for the full year, we're expecting between $95 million and $102 million, which implies a pretty substantial increase in the fourth quarter. So I think that reads to our confidence in Europe, going forward.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, we're also, Daniel, we're -- for the fourth quarter, we do think gross profit margins would be up 30 to 50 basis points. And a portion of that is merchandise margin, a portion of that is buying and occupancy expense leverage. And as I said, Europe is up against some big decreases last year so that is really helping drive a lot of that.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Is that marked down, in other words, is that reduced markdowns year-over-year, is that a factor in Europe or is it more?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: All of it.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, last year, we had a big mark down hit in the fourth quarter and -- I'll check it in my records. But I believe, it's sort of in a 350 to 400 basis point range with the decline in the merchandise margin in Europe. It's an opportunity to get some of that back.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, if I could, one other quick question regarding what you're seeing right now in terms of the ability to pass through cost inflation and maybe what that rate of inflation is doing right now, relative to 3 or 6 months ago?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as I said before, our ticket is trending slightly up. But it always comes back to us keeping the gap between us and everything one else. So we're very, very focused on just giving extreme, extreme value in the fourth quarter. So cotton prices are coming down. There is a variance by fabric going on, some are going up, some are going down. But we are seeing tickets slightly up. So we're planning traffic slightly up in the fourth quarter and ticket slightly up.
Jeffrey Naylor: And to be clear, traffic and ticket up slightly, but also we got a comp of 2 to 3 and we got the margin planned up slightly. So I think, we don't really see any kind of negative margin hit coming from inflation here, the way we plan the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Evren Kopelman.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about inventories. You mentioned at the end of this quarter, they were down on a per-store basis, and you're expecting them to be up at the end of, I believe you said, the year. Thinking about kind of inventory philosophy, is this a change in that, you're kind of done with -- being able to run positive comps with down store inventories or is this for next year? I know it's early, but can we still see in-store inventories down and continue to help the merchandise margins?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No. Far from it. When we say our inventories are down per store, our inventories will be down per store and they will continue. We still see opportunity, certainly going forward. But when we talk to total inventory, it's in the DC, and it's a combination of DCs, which is pack-aways. But it has nothing to do with our in-store inventory. In addition, our future on order, we have more open to buy than we had a year ago. We're less committed. We're in great shape going forward.
Jeffrey Naylor: Evren, just a thought. We may have confused you with some of the language in the release, so just to walk you through it briefly. So at the end of Q3, our inventory per store was up 14%. That includes the distribution centers. Our inventories that were actually physically in our stores was down, and the inventory that was in our DCs was up. As we look towards year end, we would see that total inventory numbers, that's up 14% per store as of the end of Q3. That being up in the low to mid single-digit percentage range, and which implies a reduction in our distribution centers, and we will continue to have inventories that are actually physically in our stores down year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Pak.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping you could dig into HomeGoods a little bit more. It was a pretty impressive margin increase. And I'm wondering what does that store model look like, relative to Marmaxx? How does it change as you open more in the Midwest, Central and West, which is sort of what it looked like on your expansion? And why are you saying HomeGoods long-term segment margin is only a high of 9.7% when it looks like they'll finish above that this year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Stacy, we actually change the model to above 10% segment profit. We changed that model a short time ago. And we're changing the number of stores. We moved it from 600 to 750. Is that the end number? I couldn't tell you today, as we grow and we learn and we leverage, and hopefully, we'll come back to you at some point and that number will get raised. But we have already raised the segment profit going forward.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, our four-wall -- not the four-wall, the segment profit margin for HomeGoods this year that's implied. We're happy to give full year guidance numbers here, by division. But HomeGoods is -- the segment profit margins for full year for HomeGoods is 10.3% to 10.4%, that's what our guidance would imply. So we're already above that 10%. And obviously, to the extent we can comp greater than 2% and if you can get leverage from these stores, you may be able to do better than that, but we'll prove that to ourselves over time.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is there a change, Jeff, if you go to some of these less-dense markets, in the central and upper United States?
Jeffrey Naylor: No, typically, what you find as you go through to these -- the less dense, we found with Marmaxx, our experience has been is that, that you typically have lower levels of sales but you also have lower rents. And on a percentage basis, your four-wall contribution is actually equal to or a little bit better than the chain. So no, I don't -- we don't see any margin dilution coming from that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We actually love our small-market stores and our single-market stores. They're terrific for us.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think -- and as you think about the margin potential -- I guess, just a final thought there, as you think about the margin potential of HomeGoods, the four-wall contributions are pretty comparable, little bit below Marmaxx because of just the up -- size of it and volumes we do per store, but pretty comparable. And the issue really becomes -- Marmaxx is a 13% business because it's also a $15 billion business. And so they get tremendous leverage on some of their SG&A cost in their distribution network. And we see a lot of potential for HomeGoods. We don't ever see it being a $15 billion business getting that kind of leverage. So the answer is probably somewhere between 10 and 13 over time, although, Carol's scowling at me right now. Maybe we can get it to $15 billion business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: What's exciting about HomeGoods this year, Stacy, is that for the first time, we're going to be on network TV, and you saw our tri-brand commercial hopefully. So that would go in markets that have never seen HomeGoods commercials before. So that's pretty exciting. And it also sets us up for the future as we start to go into new markets, new stores.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A question on inventory again. Just the level of pack-away as a percent to total and how you see that growing or becoming an integral part of your business. Or is it just a seasonal thing that we shouldn't expect to see ever again? And then I have a follow-on question for corporate expenses.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Let me start, pack-aways and then I'll have Jeff go through the corporate expenses. Our pack-away is really never more than 10% of our total purchases. So it's higher than last year, this year and we'll probably end the year slightly higher because we are seeing some terrific deals. So again, it depends on the season, it depends on the category, but we have no tremendous strategy of philosophical change in the business going forward.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. Jeff, just wanted to know about that general corporate expense increase year-over-year was surprising, and wondering where the money is going?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. What we've -- many of the investments that we're making, Richard, are being funded through the corporate -- that corporate line. So if you think about some of the investments that we're making in systems, which consists of new merchandise, investments we're making, Carol talked about before, new merchandising and supply chain systems. We are also investing in a new data center. Our existing data center is over 25 years old and so we are actually having to make some reinvestments there that are very meaningful. We're investing in talent in 2 ways: we have bench money available to bring executives in that we can develop before they go into assignments. We also have TJX University, which is our group that helps develop people in our organization, principally merchants. And then we are also making investments in e-commerce. So all of that is flowing through that, that corporate line. It represents -- the investments we're making represent more than 50% of the increase you're seeing year-over-year. But I think, the thing I want to point out is that, if you look at the G&A in Q3, we had a flat G&A ratio on a 3 comp with that increase. So we are more than covering that in other areas of our business through both cost reduction and end product today.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Absolutely. Can you just elaborate on your last point, I think the word was e-commerce?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, we are investing in e-commerce.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Any chance of elaborating on that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. I'll elaborate and I'll repeat what I said. We have a team in place. We're doing a lot of work. We are investing. As you see, our corporate expense in dollars is increasing. However, we do continue to remain with our model, going forward, with 10% to 13%, so we continue to invest, and E-commerce is certainly a big chunk of that. But we're going to take our time and we'll let you know as we get closer -- where we are. We've got Europe testing and helping us get some additional information, which is terrific. And I could say it in a million times, I want to do it right, and we want to make money and we want to leverage our brick-and-mortar. So that's really where we are with e-commerce.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, nothing imminent, Richard.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Morris.
John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk a little bit more about Canada, your progress there. I guess, I'm interested in where the sources of weaknesses, where the challenges have been other than weather, and what you're doing for the improvements? And kind of similar to that, you said you were encouraged towards the business, particularly in the U.K. where you've really focused quite a bit. And you've seen some improvement. So what is it that you're doing there that's working just beyond the easy comparison and easy markdowns to a year ago, so both Canada and the U.K.?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, I'm going to -- in terms of U.K., I'm going to have Ernie walk through the 2 divisions for you. The most important message I want to give is we're liking the mix. And that is absolutely key and the customer is voting that they like the mix. So that is the overview, and the same thing, in terms of working on Canada. But Ernie, you want to talk to the specifics?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, John, I think in Canada, you ask for specifically one thing besides weather, and I would tell you that the ladies business up there has been something we've been looking at very diligently. Our execution there has not been as strong as we'd like. As you know, our Lady's Apparel business is a key driver for our total business. So we've been making some progress there. We've been really taking a look at what we've been buying, and being more selective. We go through all of the things we do without getting too specific with you. Which is look at vendors, look at values, look at where we're buying the goods, look at how we we're retailing the goods, et cetera. So we're feeling better. Looking at being more and more of a solid track by the end of the year. But we still feel like there's work to do.
John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ernie, when Carol's talking about the mix, whether it is the U.K. or Canada, what is the mix between -- within apparel categories or between apparel and hardlines, or what's happening there?
Ernie Herrman: When she came to mix, she's referring to the quality, I think, of the mix throughout every category. Meaning the brand value kind of the fashion, the price, the quality. Not necessarily the mix of the departments of the categories within the store. But the actual quality level, the brands, the price, et cetera, within every department. And so in Lady's in Canada, that's really been a focus as getting the mix. In improving the mix in that area in Canada.
John D. Morris - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And of course, the buyers are helping you all there, have you changed up the buying talent, to help in that identification of the better brands for the mix?
Ernie Herrman: That's a piece. Sometimes, it's also a training and leadership thing, where we get in there and we try to regroup on what our strategies have been because sometimes it's not the people that need to be changed the strategy that needs to be changed. When we go to the U.K., it's a very different story, and we talked about this before. In the U.K., we probably grew too fast and we weren't ready for some of the growth as quickly as we grew. On the other hand, over the last 9 months to 1 year, I think we've made great progress, and really training some of the new people that were put in place figuring out some of the logistics involved between expanding in Germany. We talked about this at our Investor Day. So we have a lot of people in place that I think we're going to reap benefits. As Carol said, we like our mix there, I think that's accurate. We have been feeling really strong about what's been happening throughout the mix for all the different departments in Europe. And so I think, we're in a good position there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think what's key, too, is that in Germany, we have the German brands that the German consumer wants and the same thing in the U.K. And we sort of talked about in the past that when you grow into the next country, we were not country-centric enough. So the guys there are very, very focused on the right brands for the particular country, and that makes a very big difference.
Ernie Herrman: And I think, also, the right fashion is the other thing we've learned there, because that has varied between England and Germany, as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian X Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think -- I guess that's a great lead in. And I was trying to get a better sense maybe on the TJX Europe business, if you look at the full year, sort of operating margin guidance implied, maybe can you talk about sort of Germany versus the U.K. from a profitability standpoint? I know you've talked about how the Germany store maturity curve has weighed on the margins there. But just hoping you could break out where those 2 major countries are? And then second question on the Filene's and Syms liquidation, just how many centers do you guys have in common with them?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we don't talk about -- I'll come back to Europe in a minute. In terms of Filene's, obviously, we don't talk about our particular deals but we will certainly take advantage of everything that makes sense. We have -- our real estate group is looking at everything. I don't know the exact number that will overlap, but there's obviously could be potential there. So we're always excited about any new opportunity for us, in terms of real estate or destoring whether it's in the United States or in Europe. Brian, we really don't break out the countries, the same thing we don't do and winners -- we don't break out the different divisions. I can tell you that we have seen a real positive trend in the U.K. in terms of both sales and margin and we're starting to see that in Germany. So we are absolutely moving in the right direction in both countries. And that's obviously why we're giving, as I said before, for the full year $95 million to $102 million implies a pretty big increase in the fourth quarter in terms of the last 3 quarter trend.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I have a couple of clarifications. First, Jeff, did I understand this right? Versus your original guidance, ForEx and a higher tax rate, higher than you anticipated, negatively impacted earnings by $0.02. So have that not happened, EPS would have been $1.08. Am I understanding that right?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, and you can see that clearly, and what the tax rate was -- hang on with the tax rate.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: 38.8%
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, but that was versus 38 -- the expectation was 38.1%, so if you can do a math on that, that is $0.01. And then what happens is during the very end of the quarter, the Canadian dollar went basically surged from $0.98 up to $1.01. And when that happened, that meant that there were less gains in our hedges, Jennifer, so that's that other $0.01. Believe it or not, from the time of the investor event, until that -- 2 days later when we closed the books, we lost $0.01 because of the mark-to-market impact on the hedges of the higher Canadian dollar.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: If you look at FX, long term, over the last 5 years, it's equivalent to $0.04 or $0.05 negative or positive. So over time, it really doesn't impact the business.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Right, right, I understand. And then did you guys comment on merchandise margins in the U.S.?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we haven't. They have been relatively flat.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Will you?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I mean, they've been relatively flat.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of pack-aways, do you ticket those when you buy the merchandise or when you flow it into the stores? I'm just trying to get a sense on of higher ticket prices are factored in there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We ticket the goods according to the value of what we think our merchandise is. We will, if we have a pack-away, and if we feel time goes on and that pack-away is a different value, we will re-address it. So that's typically -- we look at the best value we can for our pack-aways.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, you're not locked in at the time that you make the deal.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right.
Operator: Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Carol and Jeff, just my question really relates to gross margin. You obviously have made great progress. Merchandise margin's flat, it sounds as if you're optimistic on ticket and sort of 30 to 50 basis points in gross margin opportunity in the fourth quarter. But in this earnings season, we're definitely hearing a consistent message from many retailers that it's costing more to get back customers' attention, everyone from JCPenney and Saks, it sounds as if perhaps it is a need to intensify their price investment. So if you could help us reconcile. You clearly are looking to maintain that value message and maintain that gap, with what potentially could be a more intensified environment heading into the holiday season. Help us think about the margin outlook.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think what you've got to -- again, realize about our business is that we still have tremendous open-to-buy. And so we have tremendous open-to-buy, and Ernie and I are shutting down this place because there is more deals. It is very, very plentiful. We're really in a situation where not only is it it plentiful, but plentiful with brands and fashion and everything that we absolutely love. So that will allow us to not only buy to the right value, but buy to the right value up to the last minute. And that is what our business is about. And it's the best way to explain it, that we are wide open.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And you would characterize it -- considering where you'd like to be at this point heading into the holiday season probably better, more encouraging, more open, more liquid than you probably would have expected maybe a few months ago?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We made sure that we stay very, very liquid. So we're very, very happy with the position that we're in today. We have also planned on shipping a higher percent of fresh merchandise, which is really critical to the newness, the excitement, and again, coming back to making sure that you have the greatest value. So we are up to the minute. We can price it up to the minute, we can buy it up to the minute. That's what's different about our business, in the flexibility.
Jeffrey Naylor: Adrianne, it's that flexible business model that we've talked about before. And this is what Carol is talking about is really the epitome of it. So this time frame when the environment gets difficult, there's a delayed effect we'd take advantage of that and we can flex with that. The other thing we've worked on, our logistics areas over the past couple of years so that when Carol was talking about we will buy to the last minute, we are more able to turn the goods through faster and that allows our merchants to actually pace themselves and stay open to be buying for the very last minute, more so than even a few years ago. And we said today in the release that our goods on-order are significantly below where they were last year at this time. So we've got a lot of flexibility.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: When we talk about our investments in systems on the supply chain, this is a constant goal for us to get better and better at it. And we definitely see opportunity. I talked a lot about getting the right goods to the right store at the right time. And this is a big part of now improvement and to the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Jeff, can you maybe talk a little bit about merchandise margins in the third quarter by division -- which were up, which were down. And I believe you said you expected fourth quarter merch margin to be up a bit. Maybe if you could just break that down for us, where you expect to see improvement versus any of the divisions that might be going the other way.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think, as you look at Q3, Marmaxx was essentially flat; HomeGoods was up; Europe was up; and Canada was down, and that all blended out to essentially flat for the quarter. I would expect a similar kind of profile, I guess, profile -- similar kind of profile for the fourth quarter, Paul, as we look forward. I think we get a little bit more lift because Europe is up against easier comparisons. We had much, much bigger markdown hit last year in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter for Europe. So with the continuing improvement there, I think, the magnitude of the year-over-year improvement for Europe will be much greater in the fourth than it was in the third, and on a consolidated basis that will help drive our merchandise margins up a little bit.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got you. And just quickly, did you guys see any impact from Ross's entry into the Chicago market if you might comment on that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Not really.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, Paul, it's not something that we really want to comment on. But I think when you look at our comps, and as we've been talking about comps, it's been -- they're pretty much have been following the trends that they have been following. So clearly, we haven't seen any impact on the regional comps as we report them.
Operator: Our next question is from David Weiner.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick question, and a lot of my questions have been asked. But I guess I want to follow up on Europe and Canada, and specifically in seasonality. I know that for both of those regions, seasonality temperature has been a problem over the last couple of months. Is that relative to the product that you have in the store right now, in both Canada and, I guess, U.K. and Germany? Are you starting to see the seasonality, the types of temperatures that you want to see kind of improve? So it's less of an impact on your comp?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, I mean, towards the end of the month, we definitely saw certainly, yes, in both divisions, when Europe did turn colder, absolutely trigger the business. The home to nonapparel areas were stronger, certainly, than in the apparel areas in Canada. Outerwear was down 22%.
Jeffrey Naylor: That was in Canada.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: It's just no getting around that. So that's absolutely a factor. But as we get into the fourth quarter, when you're a little more gift giving, the impact of the seasonality isn't as critical and it doesn't affect the business to the same degree that the third quarter is. And we always have more volatility in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Carol, it's clear that you're execution in Europe...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I can't hear you, I'm sorry. Could you be a little louder?
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sorry about that. It's clear that your execution in Europe and the U.K., in particular, is driving the improvement in your comps there. But I'm wondering if you can talk about your view of the health of the consumer, either in the U.K. or Europe. What are you hearing from your organizations on the ground there about the general health and are you seeing any signs improvement at all there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I mean, I think you hear the news that we hear every single day. This morning, they had a conversation about why the pound is still at $1.35. So every day is another story. I think the important point about Europe is number one, is we needed to fix our execution, which we're on the way. And that's really the key factor. Number two, there is de-storing going on in the U.K. There are many, many businesses that are closing, which bodes well for us getting a bigger piece of the pie. And as we do what we're supposed to do, is execute every day. We believe that we're going to get a bigger piece of that pie in the U.K. And we've talked about fixing that and then fixing Germany, and I really think that we're in a pretty good position going forward. Next year, we won't be adding a ton of stores. We want to make sure the infrastructure is really, really solid. And then we'll start to move from there. However, we will take advantage of any great real estate deal. We're seeing, certainly, in the London area some fabulous deals and we will take advantage of that.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Terrific. And just one clarification, on the 3% comp during the third quarter. I think you said ticket was up slightly and traffic was up slightly, I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Traffic was flat in the third quarter; ticket was slightly up. Going into the fourth quarter, we're planning both ticket and traffic slightly up.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Two questions real quickly, one for Jeff. Jeff, the growth in corporate expenses, can you give us a little bit of guidance of what we should expect in Q4? And then on a go-forward basis, have you pretty much year-rounded this new phase of investing and should we see a kind of a growth rate in corporate expenses more in line with inflation?
Jeffrey Naylor: I think, as you look at Q4, I think, we would expect -- I mean we're continuing to invest it at the same level and the things that we're investing in. So I think, you're thinking comparable year-over-year impacts, Jeff, Q4 versus Q3. And if I think directionally, that would be a good assumption as you build the model. And I think as we look at next year, we remain comfortable with our 3-year model of 10% to 13% EPS growth. And in terms of those components, I'd like to reserve the right to comment -- wait to comment on that till we get to our February call. We're still pulling some of our plans together. In any planning process, you have to make choices between things you want to do and things you don't want to do. But just -- feel confident that we have a model of 10% to 13% EPS growth. We're comfortable next year, we'll fit into that model, but as to the individual components to the plan that still -- we still have to finalize all that.
Jeffrey S. Stein - Northcoast Research: Got it. And you're just -- why are you modeling your December comps lower than November? Because you have an extra selling day in December this year, wouldn't that tend to give you a little bit more of a boost in December?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, it's a tougher comparison.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes.
Jeffrey Naylor: But if you look at Q3, 4 years back, Jeff, it all lines up at -- December has been a very, very strong month for us now for -- last year was 2 on top of 14 in the year before that, where the comparisons aren't as daunting in the November.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You raised your comp outlook to 2% to 3%. I'm just wondering how, if any at all, you've contemplated the Syms liquidation that's going on in November and December? And then as a follow-up, is that part of the reason why you feel that you're getting access to some of the -- what you called best products out there or can you just elaborate on what you're seeing and if that's going to become a bigger part of your strategy going forward?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, Roxanne. At Syms, it has absolutely nothing to do with our projections or any opportunity, which is running our business the way we run our business every day. Jeff went through why we raised the comp, you want to run through that one?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, we raised the guidance because we saw a stronger underlying trend and we're comfortable doing that. But we don't granularly build it up based upon our competition and -- that would be a very challenging modeling exercise, to say the least. So we look more at the underlying trends in our business, what's going with traffic versus ticket. Our thoughts on our mix, the comparisons that we're up against. And those are the kind of things that inform the estimates we make, Roxanne. But I think if a competitor -- particularly, a competitor with that size isn't likely to have a significant impact on our year-over-year growth, or the availability of goods for that matter.
Operator: Our next question is from Pamela Quintiliano.
Pamela Nagler Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just a few questions. I was wondering if I could get more information on your higher store growth opportunity, and when I think about real estate availability versus a larger addressable market, more sustainable availability of products with new vendors, just how should we think about it? And then if you could go through again -- I believe you have the stats on who's familiar with the brand? How many people are actually shopping at domestically and internationally, and where you see the opportunity there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Pamela, that was 4 questions. You're only allowed one. All right, Jeff, you want to go through the store growth?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, the store growth, we've got 2,300 to 2,400 stores at Marmaxx. We used to say 2,000. That's really a result of shutting A.J. Wright and the additional opportunities that we have in those markets. HomeGoods, we raised it from 600 to 750. Again, that's a function of the performance that we're seeing from the division, a bottoms-up assessment, in terms of the real estate opportunity based upon potential sites and in cities and markets, and also a comparison to where our competitors are on some of the store growth -- the store potential numbers that some of our competitors put out on the street really lead us to believe that there's an opportunity for HomeGoods. At Winners, we really haven't adjusted that. It's 240 stores. HomeSense, we think, has an opportunity of 90. So between HomeSense and Winners, 330 stores. Although, we have said that we think Marshalls Canada can be 90 to 100 stores and have 6 today. Our estimates for T.K. Maxx really haven't changed, that's still in that 300 to 325 range. Really, our estimates for T.K. and for HomeSense Germany and -- excuse me, our estimates for T.K. Maxx, HomeSense U.K., Germany and Poland really, really haven't changed. So really, the change to store growth estimates come from Marmaxx and from HomeGoods and from the incremental opportunity given us by Marshalls in Canada.
Pamela Nagler Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then just those stats. Again, I know, you've given them before about people who are familiar with your brand or have shopped, who haven't shopped?
Jeffrey Naylor: If we want that, in the U.S. ...
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right. Basically, there's 75% of adults in the U.S. that have not shopped with us, which is a much higher percent than typically the department stores, which really gives us a lot of opportunities for growth. So that's generally what we are going after.
Pamela Nagler Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And do you have those stats on international basis or your pricing?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I don't have that on the international -- again, the de-storing, what's going on in Europe is still a tremendous opportunity for us, and the additional brand of Marshalls. We are finding that in Canada, they're well aware of the Marshalls brand, so we're pretty excited about bringing the brand across the border. As far as product goes, Pamela, I mean, there's always abundance of product. I could say it a million times. We will get to $40 billion, and we would still have an abundance of products. It's not the issue. The issue is really us, actually, controlling it.
Operator: Our final question today is from Mark Montagna.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just my question is really more looking long term in terms of earnings. Carol, in the past, you have mentioned that you feel that TJX is a long way from getting the right merchandise in the right stores at the right time. You've obviously been growing your earnings pretty well. I'm wondering what are you doing to improve that notion? Is there some sort of systems upgrade or is it just training or how exactly are you doing that, or do you plan to do that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, part of our corporate expense is investment in systems. As Jeff said, we have a new data center, but along with that, we have a fairly aggressive plan in merchandising systems. As much as we have gotten better and better, you sort of wouldn't believe how much we have to do manually. So we really see that as a big rock, specially to the next 2 to 3 years. In addition to that supply-chain, where our plans will be another DC on the West Coast, and this is all in our model going forward. So we continue to see the opportunity to reduce our inventories to bring more freshness into the stores. But more importantly, again, to target the stores, to do the right goods at the right time, and the right stores -- right stores, right time, right product. Still lots of room there.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And are you going to target one division at a time to just kind of beta test the different changes?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, when we started slow, we have a test -- we'll actually test by category. It's a very detailed and very methodical progression and in terms of cost over time.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, it's designed to mitigate risk, Mark, so we're not -- there's no big thing in here. It will be one category, one division. We'll roll it out slowly. The downside is it will take us longer to get the benefit, but the upside is we don't put the business at risk. So that's what the way we we'll tend to deal with it.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We don't turn off anything until we know we can shut it off.
Mark K. Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just lastly on that, when -- have you already started that or is that something that we're looking for next year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We started to look at what it should be. We're probably looking at 2 years out for the benefit, but we also have some things in the next 2 years built in our plan that we still think we can take advantage of.
Jeffrey Naylor: [indiscernible] is not dependent on that.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone, and we're looking forward to the fourth quarter. And we hope you'll shop, for those of you that are near Wall Street, our store opens November 18. Please buy -- the 17th, excuse me, the 17th. I just got corrected. So have fun. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, all. We appreciate you joining us today and we'll speak to you soon.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-08-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Jeffrey Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG Jeffrey Stein - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, August 16, 2011. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Ellan. Before we begin, Sherry has some opening statements.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2011. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. In addition, that section of our website also includes reconciliations of guidance with respect to non-GAAP measures to guidance on a GAAP basis. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning. Joining me and Sherry on the call are Ernie Herrman and Jeff Naylor. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our second quarter results as our 23% adjusted EPS growth significantly exceeded our original guidance. This also marks the sixth consecutive year of second quarter EPS increases of 20% or greater. Our 4% overall comp sales increase was also ahead of plan, representing the sixth consecutive year that comp store sales have grown 3% or higher in the second quarter. It is very important to note that we continue to achieve these strong results year after year in both good economic times and weak ones, which speaks to the consistency of our business model and our ability to sustain top and bottom line growth through all types of cycles. Customer traffic continues to be up over significant increases last year, which tells us that our value continues to be as important as ever to the consumer.  Before I begin, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the second quarter results.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. So I'm going to just run through the numbers here. Net sales reached $5.5 billion for the quarter, that's an 8% increase over last year. And second quarter consolidated comp store sales were up 4%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.90. That compares to last year's reported $0.74 per share. However, last year's results included a benefit of $0.01 per share from an item impacting comparability. So if we exclude that benefit, diluted EPS in the second quarter was up 23% over last year's adjusted $0.73. This year's results include a $0.03 benefit from foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. So excluding this impact, the underlying growth would be slightly lower than the numbers implied, but still very strong. As a reminder, our guidance contemplated this impact.  Consolidated pretax profit margin for the quarter was 10.2%. That's above our original guidance and up 60 basis points on an adjusted basis over the prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross profit margin, partially offset by very slightly leverage in SG&A expense, which has been expected. Currency contributed 10 basis points of the increase. The gross profit margin improved 70 basis points versus last year, primarily due to buying and occupancy expense leverage, as well as the positive impact of mark-to-market adjustments on our inventory-related hedges. Merchandise margins were flat for the company against large increases the past 3 years, but merchandise markets are actually up approximately 10 to 20 basis points in our North American business. SG&A expense was up 10 basis points over prior year, which was better than we had guided on our first quarter call, with the increase entirely due to higher advertising expense.  Now you may recall that we expected SG&A to deleverage in the first half of the year, primarily due to the timing of certain expense items as we absorb certain costs from A.J. Wright and our other businesses, as well as deleverage from Europe. At the time, we said that these factors would moderate as we move through the year, which is exactly what we saw in the second quarter. We continue to expect SG&A rates to be up very slightly for the year on a 2% to 3% planned comp. As to inventories, at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventory on a per store basis, including the warehouses, increased 16%, up 15% on a constant-currency basis, and that's versus a 13% decrease last year. As we've discussed on prior calls, we really have been talking about all spring, this increase is primarily due to our having selectively taken advantage of much larger quantities of end-of-season branded packaway product compared with very low quantities in the prior year. And this packaway product doesn't start flowing to the stores until the third quarter. It's important to note that the overall increase is purely a timing issue as our forward purchase commitments for the back half are significantly lower than at this time last year. Additionally, the increase in inventory is all in our distribution centers. Our store inventories remain down versus prior year and are turning more quickly. Therefore, we feel like we're in an excellent position to capitalize on the opportunities we're currently seeing and believe we will continue to see in the marketplace. In terms of shareholder distributions, we retired 5.9 million shares, buying back $311 million worth of TJX stock during the quarter. Year-to-date, we have retired 13.1 million shares, buying back $673 million of stock. We continue to anticipate buying back approximately $1.2 billion worth of TJX stock this year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol. I'll provide details about our third quarter guidance and recap our guidance for the full year at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. So moving to the key points. There are 2 major things that I want to highlight. First, our strong second quarter and our ability to post EPS gains of 20-plus percent for the sixth consecutive year reflects the consistency of TJX. Second, we have many exciting opportunities for the back half of 2011 and beyond.  Beginning with consistency. Our strong top and bottom line results in the second quarter are yet another example of how the flexibility of the TJX business model succeeds regardless of the strength of the economy. To recap our divisional results, in the U.S., we are very pleased with Marmaxx and HomeGoods continued excellent performance. Once again this quarter, both of these divisions have strong comp and bottom line performance on top of very challenging comparisons last year. And Marmaxx comp sales increased 5% over 3% increase last year, and on top of a 4% increase the year before that.  Segment profit margin was 13.1%, up 50 basis points over last year's very strong performance. Marmaxx continues to excel through great execution, continuing to show gains in customer traffic. We have great confidence in the ability of our largest division to continue to grow successfully. Importantly, we will continue to evaluate the potential number of Marmaxx stores, given the strong performance of our new stores and our ability to trade across a wider income demographic. At HomeGoods, comps increased 3% over last year's very strong 8% increase and on top of a 9% increase 2 years ago. Segment profit increased 7% with segment profit margins down slightly, due to the increased advertising investment, as well as certain costs associated with the A.J. Wright store conversion. At HomeGoods, our success is also a testament to this division's sharp execution. If you've been in the HomeGoods lately, you know that the store looks terrific with fresh and exciting assortments from around the globe.  TJX Canada's second quarter results were disappointing. Cost decreased 3% versus a 6% increase last year. Cost is delevered on a negative comp, although much less than we would have expected due to the strong inventory management and expense control. We believe that we could have better execution, particularly in women's and the kids' -- and the children's business, both of which performed poorly. Importantly, our team in Canada is extremely focused on these issues, which we believe will be fixed in the back half. Further, our store inventories and forward commitments are well below last year's level.  While still early, we are very pleased with Marshalls in Canada. Customer response has been overwhelmingly good and the impact on nearby Winners stores has been much less than we had expected. We're especially pleased with how Marshalls dominant footwear assortment is differentiating the Marshalls brands from Winners. Moving to TJX Europe, we've had -- we have done a significant amount of work in this business and are where we expected to be in terms of our progress exiting the first half. For the quarter, comps were flat, which was in line with our expectation, and segment profit was $7 million, at the high end of our expectation, including a modern -- moderate currency benefit. Some merchandise categories are performing well, and we continue to work on improving others. We feel good about our inventory turns and liquidity, which positions us very well to pursue the plentiful buying opportunities in the European marketplace. We're also pleased with both the quality and quantity of the merchandise and the brands that we are seeing there. As we exit the first half, our comparisons in Europe become much easier, and we continue to expect greater improvement in the second half, which is when TJX Europe typically earns the majority of its profit. We're also confident that we understand our missteps in Europe over the last year, and have plans in place to get this business back on track. By slowing store growth in Europe this year, we're giving our team time to refocus on the core off-price fundamentals that helped build TJX Europe into a successful business. Importantly, the team is more seasoned and is now a year smarter. And we are focused on buying more country-specific goods. Fundamentally, we continue to have a very strong business model in Europe. Europeans love quality, they love fashion and they certainly love value. The vendor marketplace is very receptive and full of opportunities. We're the only major off-price retailer in Europe. And long term, the retail landscape there holds vast opportunities for our business. I'm sure you're all curious as to how the recent unrest in the U.K. has impacted our business. We did have a few days of business interruptions, but I'm relieved to say that we're back on track and operating normally since this past last weekend. Now to our opportunities in the back half of the year. First, let me say that while our comparisons become easier, we continue to plan conservatively, especially in the current environment, as Jeff will detail in a moment. At the same time, we are always motivated to surpass our goal. Here are some of the many opportunities that do get us excited. First, I feel very good about our inventories entering the back half. Our inventories are up again due to timing issue, due to high-quality branded packaway we've carrying all spring. Our forward commitment through the fall selling season are significantly lower than at this time last year. This puts us in a great position to chase buying opportunities in a marketplace that is quite plentiful right now. I believe that our best brand penetration gets even stronger every year, and we will be offering both brands and fashion at tremendous value.  Second, I have never been more excited about our back half marketing. I love our marketing plans and ideas, and I'm confident that these efforts will continue to drive customer traffic. While we're increasing our advertising spend slightly this year, we are gaining much higher penetration. We're deploying what we would have been A.J. Wright ad dollars to other divisions, and also doing a much better job of leveraging our spending across the company. I believe our marketing campaigns are stronger than ever, and you will be seeing a lot of us in the back half, including on television in Europe. Third, our investments to upgrade the shopping experience continue to pay dividends. We're seeing sales lift in our newly remodeled stores comparable to when we began the program. We're on track to complete about 370 store remodels across the company this year. In terms of Marmaxx, by year end, we expect we will have upgraded 2/3 of its stores as we began the program 3 years ago. We believe that the enhanced marketing, combined with our improved shopping environment and experience, will help us increase our customer base and our market penetration. We still have tremendous opportunities in the front of us -- in front of us. While we improve this year, our data tells us that there is still 75% of U.S. shoppers who have not visited a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls in the past 12 months.  Fourth, in terms of the macro environment, we see the economic volatility and confusion around cost and sourcing as a positive for our business. Historically, uncertainty in the marketplace has benefited us and to create very favorable off-price buying opportunity. Value continues to be more important than ever, and the key for us is maintaining our pricing distance from traditional retailers. We have enormous flexibility in terms of merchandise categories, zigging and zagging in many ways.  We're very good at shipping categories, and I believe that we can respond faster to pricing and fashion trends than just about any other retailer. So regardless of whether our other retailers raise their prices or absorb rising costs, our flexibility should allow us to buy into current trends, take advantage of the opportunity and drive merchandise margin. We are planning our average ticket to be slightly up in the back half, which should only enhance the value we are offering compared to other retailers whom we believe had -- have generally planned price increases. As always, we will remain focused on maintaining our value GAAP with traditional retailer. It's interesting to note that our average basket has been trending up, primarily due to the number of items customers are buying per basket. If this continues, it bodes well for the fall selling season and beyond. Tremendous value is our mission, and we believe that we are in a great position to keep bringing consumers through our doors and keep them coming back. Finally, we have many category initiatives underway across the company for the back half. As usual, we'll be extremely gift focused for the holiday, and believe our customers will be very happy and more wowed than ever this year. Before closing, I want to cover a couple of other key points. First, while still very early, the economics of our converted A.J. Wright stores are essentially in line with our expectations, and we remain confident in the short and long-term economic benefits to our business. Additionally, the cost to close and consolidate this division was much less than we had originally estimated. The important thing to remember here is that consolidating A.J. Wright has given us the opportunity to grow the Marmaxx space more than we had believed we could in the past. We are learning more about the customer demographic and really are just getting started to perhaps surface in terms of what Marmaxx can do in a more moderate demographic market. Second, our continued cost reduction initiatives are another reason for our confidence in our margin's sustainability, short and long term. We remain on track with our plan to reduce cost by approximately $50 million to $75 million in 2011, which should help protect our profit margin and offset other cost increases. Third, we continue to make significant investments to support the growth of our businesses. We remain focused on hiring and developing the best talent, which is key to growing our business. Investing in infrastructure, both at the supply chain and systems and building an e-commerce team for the future. So summing up, we're confident about our opportunities for the second half of 2011 and beyond. Our strong top and bottom line growth in the second quarter achieved on top of years of profitable growth clearly demonstrate the consistency of this business to both recessions and recovery. We have excellent opportunities to the back half of the year, when our comparisons become easier and our marketing really kicks in.  At TJX Europe, we are where we thought we'd be at this point and are beginning to see progress, and we are looking for greater improvement in the second half. We see the volatility in the macro environment and confusion around sourcing and pricing as playing to our strength. And we will use our flexibility to take full advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace. Our customer traffic increases clearly tell us that value remains the top priority in consumers' minds. And further, this business delivers superior financial return. Our strong operations generate enormous amounts of cash. And after reinvesting in our business, our management team is focused on returning excess cash to shareholders.  And finally, the thing I love most about our business is the flexibility of our model. At the end of the day, if we're on our execution gain I have every confidence that we will continue to grow and succeed. So now I'll turn it back to Jeff, who'll go through guidance before we open it up to Q&A.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks. I'd like to cover 2 items before I get to guidance. First, I'd like to speak to the impact of currency on our Canadian and European division's second quarter results, which are available on tables we posted on our website, but then we wanted to call out on this call given the pretty significant movement in currency rates during the quarter.  For TJX Canada, we report USD $92 million in segment profit compared with $82 million in the prior year, and a 40 basis point improvement in segment profit margin. Now if you exclude the benefit of currency, segment profit actually declined slightly by about $3 million and segment profit margin was down 70 basis points. That said, this is a very strong performance on a 3% comp store sales decline and much better than we would have expected and reflects very strong inventory and expense management.  For TJX Europe, we reported USD $7 million in segment profit for the quarter, compared with $2 million last year and a segment profit margin improvement of 70 basis points. Now if we exclude the benefit, currency segment profit declined very slightly by about $3 million to $5 million. So Europe was still profitable on a -- on the -- excluding the currency impact. And segment profit margin declined 70 basis points on a flat comp. That said, we are encouraged that Europe posted a profit for the quarter given our efforts to improve the performance at this division. And again, I would note that, that was on a flat comp for the quarter. Second item I want to cover before getting into guidance is to briefly recap the A.J. Wright consolidation, which is now essentially complete. Through the end of the quarter, all 90 stores have been converted, 74 to Marmaxx and 16 to HomeGoods. It's important to note that these conversions began in mid-March and ended in early June. So while it's still -- so while it's still very early to assess their performance, thus far, it's going as we expected. In terms of the cost to close the A.J. Wright division and convert the 90 stores, we came in significantly below our original estimates. First, to close the A.J. Wright business, we had originally estimated the after-tax cost will be $150 million to $170 million or $0.38 to $0.43 per share, of which $40 million to $50 million was cash. The actual after-tax cost came in at $170 million or $0.29 per share with an after-tax cash cost of approximately $20 million, well below our original estimates. Second, the cost of converting the 90 stores to Marmaxx and HomeGoods centers, which represents cost incurred during the go-dark period, as well as the cost to grand reopen the stores reduced EPS by $0.03 in the first quarter. And that was at the low end of our original $0.03 to $0.04 estimates. Finally, in terms of the benefits. We remain confident that the converted stores will, on a run-rate basis, generate $25 million to $35 million of after-tax profit, which was in line with our original estimates. Approximately $15 million to $20 million or $0.4 to $0.05 per share of this is incremental to what we were earning with A.J. Wright. So the economics of this action are very positive. We continue to expect that approximately $0.02 to $0.03 per share of this benefit will be realized in the current year, and this is reflected in the guidance. It's also important to reiterate that it's still early. Generally, the economics we're seeing from the conversions are in line with our expectations. But frankly, we need more time to properly read the impact. And of course, the larger benefit is going to come from the incremental profit of opening stores previously earmarked for the A.J. Wright division as Marmaxx stores as we go forward. So that's a quick recap on A.J. Wright. Now on the guidance. As you can see from today's release, we have provided fiscal 2012 guidance on both a GAAP basis and on adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of the A.J. Wright consolidations, as well as the impact of a nonoperating item in fiscal 2011. Details of our adjusted guidance, along with the related reconciliations to GAAP financial information, can be found in the table in the Investor section of our website. I encourage you to refer to these at your leisure. And I'll speak to the adjusted numbers in my remarks today. So for the full year, we are raising our outlook for adjusted earnings per share to $3.89 to $3.97, which represents an 11% to 14% increase over the adjusted $3.49 in fiscal 2011. This guidance is now based on a 2% to 3% comp store sales increase and adjusted pretax margins in the 10.6% to 10.7% range, which is flat to up 10 basis points over the adjusted fiscal 2011 pretax margin of 10.6%. The $0.04 increase at the high end of the guidance range is entirely due to the second quarter exceeding our original expectations, and we've left the back half guidance unchanged. As a reminder, for the back half, we continue to expect EPS of $2.22 to $2.30, up 13% to 17% over the adjusted $1.97 in the prior year. I should note that this guidance is based on comp store sales growth in the 1% to 2% range. And pretax profit margins up 20 to 40 basis points over last year's adjusted 11.0%. So that's the full year in the back half.  For the third quarter, we expect earnings per share to be the range of $1.03 to $1.07, a 12% to 16% increase over our diluted earnings per share of $0.92 last year. We are assuming third quarter sales of approximately $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion, with a comp sales increase of 2% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. As for monthly comps, for the month of August, which as a reminder, was the strongest month of the third quarter last year, we're planning comps to increase of 1% to 2% on a consolidated basis and approximately 2% to 3% at The Marmaxx Group. In each of September and October, we expect comps to increased 2% to 3% on both the consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. The pretax profit margin is planned in the range of 11.1% to 11.3%, which is up 30 to 50 basis points versus 10.8% last year. We are planning our third quarter gross profit margin in the range of 27.8% to 28.0%, up 30 to 50 basis points over prior year. We expect SG&A, as a percentage of sales, to be in the range of 16.5% to 16.6%, flat to up 10 basis points over last year. For modeling purposes, we're planning a tax rate of 38.1%, up 50 basis points over last year, net interest expense in the $10 million range and weighted average shares of approximately $385 million. Our full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $1.19 to $1.23 compared with adjusted EPS of $1.05 last year. Once again, this excludes the A.J. Wright segment from last year's results, which is again detailed on our website. This fourth quarter high-level guidance we're providing today assumes a 1% to 2% comp sales increase in the quarter. We will provide detailed fourth quarter guidance on our third quarter conference call. Finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels. So we'll now open the call up for questions. [Operator Instructions] So thanks, and Ellan, we'll turn it back to you know for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Evren Kopelman.
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I had an industry-level question. What do you think is driving the larger quantities of the branded and the seasoned products out there? And is it more concentrated in certain categories and brands, or is it more broad-based?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, I'm hoping today, it's not much different than any other day. There is plenty of goods out there, and there always is. So we don't see a big difference. We're targeting the categories that we believe are really going to drive the business. So we're always -- there's always a plentiful marketplace, and we are keeping our guys home. And we do see a lot of opportunities. But I think it's going to be a strong back half, but we're always seeing that. It's not a big change from the past.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just question on the gross margin, just wanted to make sure that we had it right. So did you say that merchandise margins were flat and the rest was occupancy leverage? And I'm just trying to understand, as you think about gross margins going forward, sort of which divisions have the best opportunity to improve inventory turns and where you think that could go from here?
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Brian for the second quarter, our gross margins were flat. In the America businesses, they were slightly up. In terms of going forward, in terms of opportunities for gross margin, Southern Europe is...
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I mean I think it depends. So I think Brian's question was probably talking to beyond this year. But I think if you look at the balance of this year, we would see the merchandise margins again up slightly with most of the opportunity coming from Europe, who had a 370 basis point decline in the gross profit margin and the merchandise margin last year, Brian. So I think there's a big opportunity to make up ground there. And all the other businesses we've planned essentially flat in the back half. And I think as we look out beyond that, we think there's continued opportunities for margin improvement. It -- I think it comes from investing in supply chains and systems that allow us to turn our inventories faster, get the right inventory to the right stores. But I would tell you, we have not put any gross margin improvement in our long-range model as we look at the 3-year model that we share at investor conferences and talk about in our one-on-one marketing meetings. There's really no gross margin further improvement baked in there. That said, we think there is opportunity to turn our inventories faster and to drive -- it drives further improvement. It's going to take some improvement in the supply chain and some investments.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just one more on the gross margin, again. I mean, one of your competitors talks about packaway inventory having higher gross margin but obviously, having distribution costs associated with it. How does your packaway flow through the P&L?
Jeffrey Naylor: Well, we have a significantly lower level. I think what you're referring to is that -- the competitor you're referring to, when they cap it -- when they have inventory increases, there's cost that gets capitalized in the inventory. As inventories get reduced, those costs flow through. For us, packaway is such a lower percentage of our business that it doesn't really register on our P&L.
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, we're under -- we're always under 10%. So it really doesn't have a major effect on our business either way.
Operator: Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Carol, just how do you think about it? Things do slow. It does seem as if TJX is better positioned to capitalize on it this time versus last time, given your ramped up marketing initiative and also the fact that 2/3 of the store base has been remodeled over the past 3 years. Just help us think about, how do you think that manifests itself in terms of share gains or profitability?
Carol Meyrowitz: Right. Well, Adrianne, I think we're planning our business appropriately, conservatively. We're looking at 3 -- 2-, 3-, and 4-year comps. Having said that, I sort of alluded to I'm pretty excited about our marketing plans. And as our stores continue to get remodeled, I think the customer experience gets better and better. But it just keeps coming back to how we execute. And as we just keep raising the bar and the level and the fashion and the value of our products, that's how we're going to build our business. And that's what we believe in. So you know our long-term goal is to get to be a $40 billion company. And I think that's the way we do it. It's detailed, vigilant and constantly upgrading our mix and getting better.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So then just the follow on is that the fact that the back half comp guidance of 1% to 2% unchanged despite the fact that the ramped up marketing, even the packaway, is starting to be unleashed in the third quarter. How should we think about that guidance in the context of some pretty exciting stuff hitting in the back half?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Again, it really comes back to being prudent in terms of the way we plan our business and to -- just looking at the 3- and 4-year comp history. And again, coming back to just planning our business and hopefully beating it. And that's our goal.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think, Adrianne, we look at the comps back. So I think if you look on a 2-year basis, you would say it's a very, very conservative plan. If you look on a 3- and 4-year basis, you would say that the numbers we have in for the back half really wind up with those trends. So It really depends. Are you -- does the business behave on more of a 2-year basis, or does it behave more on a 3- to 4-year basis? We're going to find out. But we think the prudent way to look at it is that -- look at that 3-year comps back and plan it that way. And if look -- if you do the numbers, you'll see that Q3 and Q4 really line up with the Q1 and Q2 trends. I said if you look on a 2-year basis, you'd say there's opportunity. I guess we'll find out. We're well positioned for it. We're very, very flexible. You heard Carol saying it's the level of commitment for inventory commitments this year is less than it was last year. So we've got a lot of open to buy and flexibility to chase, which is exciting.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's always market plan and chase.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Jeff, my question is on new store productivity, and I did just have...
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, one minute. We're just having trouble hearing you so... [Audio Gap]
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, sorry about that. My question is on new store productivity, which looks like it surged here in the second quarter. And we're just trying to parse through it and understand what the contribution was from those new A.J. Wright stores coming in. It looks like, relative to the old A.J. Wright store volumes, even a modest Marmaxx plan would put those store volumes up 10% or 20% relative to the legacy volumes. Is that correct.
Jeffrey Naylor: Well, yes. I think we're not...
Carol Meyrowitz: 74 stores, Kimberly, let's start with that.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, it's a relatively small piece, obviously, of the overall estate. And for that reason, we're not -- there's been a lot of interest that the investing public has had in the store economics for the stores, looking at average sales and contribution margins, et cetera. I guess all I can say is that we're pleased with what we're seeing. We don't really want to break out the economics for these stores separately given that it's a small piece of the overall estate. But we think there's clearly an opportunity there that's why we took the Marmaxx potential up to 2,300 to 2,400. We have seen productive productivity in all of our new stores, not just the A.J. Wright stores. It's interesting that over the last several years, our stores have consistently beat the pro forma models that we have, and then at or slightly under the level of cannibalization that we projected. So we've had a very successful new store program. I think that's what you're seeing. But again, we opened a lot of new stores. I don't want to get into sort of isolating this small segment.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, I think the key is we keep learning and we keep increasing the Marmaxx count. So we're today, we're very comfortably at 2,300 to 2,400 stores, which again, is very different from a year ago and hopefully, we'll exist in a year from now and we'll see more opportunity. But we're pretty excited about the Marmaxx chain.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: That makes great sense, Carol. And my clarification was just, I think I heard you correctly, you said in the second quarter with the 4% comp, traffic was up and the average value of a transaction was up as well, driven by higher units per transaction?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, correct.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So ticket's been running flattish, and you're planning for a slight uptick in the second half?
Carol Meyrowitz: Slight -- slightly. When I say slightly, I mean slightly.
Jeffrey Naylor: I think it was up slightly in the quarter, Kimberly, but the units per transaction were a bigger driver of the basket.
Carol Meyrowitz: We really, really want to read value.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Black.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: Carol, can you talk about Home? On a 2-year basis, it looks like HomeGoods came off a little bit at the end of quarter. What's going on there in terms of traffic and anything to note there in terms of ticket and/or promotional activity that would have accounted for the margin? I think you discussed some A.J. Wright noise in that margin?
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, HomeGoods business is very, very strong. Their traffic is up and their inventories are very, very lean. And if you look at the profitability, it's basically 100% the combination of A.J.'s and a slight uptick in advertising. So we feel very, very good about HomeGoods in the back half. We're planning it, I think, appropriately. If you look at, again, a 3 and a 4, even a 2-year comp comparison, we're up against very, very aggressive numbers. But I'm loving the mix, and I feel very, very good about this business in the back half. So the mix in terms of getting the margins to LY and better was strictly those 2 issues, very solid business.
Jeffrey Naylor: I just want to be clear here on the facts. So HomeGoods in the first quarter, it was a 6 on a 15, on a minus 1 if you look over 3. It's like 20%, 3 year. And in the second quarter, it was 3 on an 8 on a 9, which is the same. It's the identical trend if you're looking on a 3-year basis. And then, as we look at the back half, we're guiding you at 2 to 3 on top of a 2, on top of a 15, which is that same 20% 3 year stack. So the way we look at it, we think that the trend is entirely consistent in the back half, which we saw in the second quarter, which is entirely consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: And we are planning segment profits flat, slightly up for HomeGoods in the back half.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Patel.
Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a question on TJX Europe. You made some nice sequential improvement in that business. Can you just touch upon the geographical performance there and with the recent market volatility over there, I'm just curious which markets you're outperforming and how we should be thinking about the underperforming ones in the back half?
Carol Meyrowitz: We don't really talk to the different market in the U.K. I can tell you that we had a couple of days with the rioting, and we're back on track. But we don't really break out by regions.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: One clarification and one question, if I may. First, on the $50 million to $75 million in cost reductions, how much have you realized so far, or how much are you planning on realizing in the back half? And then, I was wondering, Carol, if you could talk a little bit about Canada, what you're seeing there? You said that Marshalls, I forget your wording, but basically, it's doing well. So could you talk about maybe what you're seeing at Marshalls versus Winners and maybe some of the trends in Canada?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. In terms of our cost reduction, we're very much on track through the total year. We're actually looking at what our initiatives for next year and trying to put that together because we still think there is opportunity, and we're going to keep doing this every single year. So we're very much on track for the year. And in terms of Canada, I'm going to have Ernie talk to that. We were both up there recently, and we are pretty excited about Marshalls and a couple of areas that he may want to talk about.
Ernie Herrman: Jennifer, I think Marshalls, we tried to -- again, this is something which has started a little while ago, so we do want to be too specific. We're bullish on the initial results. It looks good, so we're feeling good. I guess the way to sum it up is for an initial launch business, the way we opened it with a few stores and add another couple, we're happy with the way it's going. In terms of Winners overall, how does that compare? I think Carol mentioned a little bit earlier, we've had a couple of execution issues really centered around the ladies and kids businesses, and I think over the last few months, we're really happy with some of the content shifts we've seen there. I would tell you that I think we're a little shy on some of the fashion items that we could have been into a little bit better way in those areas. But we're really feeling better about it. Carol was just up there recently. We've been seeing some categories turning again better than they were in the past. So we're pretty feeling better about where we're heading about the Winners business, but we want to give a little time.
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Great. Are those 2 separate teams for the Marshalls in Canada and Winners?
Ernie Herrman: It's actually a bit of a, I guess, you would call it a hybrid. So the teams are, in some ways, the same teams but sometimes we have some focusing being done on one or the other. Primarily, they're the same team, but we do, as with every business, have a specific differentiation categories that we go after. So a little bit earlier, I think, we discussed our shoe business is pretty strong in Marshalls. So again, we have some focus on shoes in Marshalls, that's a little bit different than shoes in Winners, albeit most of the team is the same team.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's somewhat similar to the way we do Marshalls in that.
Ernie Herrman: Right.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Weiner.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a question on -- Jeff, just a question on Europe. I think last quarter, you gave some indication on kind of what your internal plan was on comps for the back of the year. So I'm wondering if you could update that? And also, just kind of related to that, as you talk about on the Internet in Europe, it looks like you've been running that -- I don't know exactly for how long, but if you could talk about if you're seeing any contribution yet from that to the overall business?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. I think as you look at the assumptions for Europe for the back half, it's pretty -- it's largely unchanged. We had -- we're still planning at 2 to 4 comps on top of the minus 4. So that hasn't changed. In terms of the profit margin, the reported profit margin would be 6.9% to 7.4% in the back half. But that would include a currency impact. And if you back out the currency impact, it would be up 7 4 to 7 9, so it's about 50 basis point impact there on the -- from currency. So adjusted for currency, 7 4 to 7 9. So it's really largely unchanged. I think the thing we would say is, as you think about the conservatism or aggressiveness of it, we've got a 2 to 4 on top of a minus 4. So on a 2-year stack basis, that's flat to down 2. That same 2-year stack for June and July ran down 3 and for Q2 it ran down 4. So there's a slight improvement that's baked into the comp expectations. And on the bottom line, we had a 370 basis point gross margin hit in Europe last year, and we're assuming we get back a little bit less than half of it this year. So I think we're being appropriately prudent. And I think as it relates to the Internet, not in the motive, that's not a big contribution, and it's not a big hit. It's -- we're really in the mode there of testing, of learning, experimenting, and learning what we can. So it's not a big operation at this point, but it's also not having a negative impact on profits.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: Are you doing that in -- are you running that and kind of managing that internally, or you kind of outsourcing that?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. We're running it internally, and actually, it's helping us learn to launch in the U.S. in the future. So we're getting a lot of information from it, but we're keeping it small and tight.
Jeffrey Naylor: Just because we're running it internally, the one piece that is outsourced is the platform. We haven't developed our own technology platform. We're using a third-party for that.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: And how long has it been up? Sorry, last -- the last question. How long has the Internet been up on T.K. Maxx?
Carol Meyrowitz: It's really not fully up. It's really in a...
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, it's -- again, we've had it up about 1.5 years now.
Carol Meyrowitz: It's very isolated in an isolated category.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. It's not the full board what we have in the store. It's some -- it's a handful of categories.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Pak.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: So I'll try not to kill you with my questions as I normally do. So I guess, the sort of big question is, what are you seeing in pricing to you from vendors? Does it seem more or less favorable? What are you seeing in pricing to your customers? Are you taking any pricing, whether it's through mix or otherwise? And did heard the discussion with Kimberly. And what are you seeing in the industry? And then I guess, on the T.K., I wanted to just follow up, and ask -- I guess, I thought I'd see a better margin this quarter because I thought you cleared the inventory. And so I'm wondering what -- could you just help me understand that a little bit better?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Europe -- first of all, Europe was very much where we thought it would be. And we're going to continue to see progress. So we're not surprised. As a matter of fact, going from where we went from first quarter to second quarter on a flat comp, we're pretty comfortable. And I think we're on our way to seeing better turns and on our way to start comping at a positive zone, which will read extremely well. We're also planning the back half, yes, fast improvement against a year ago certainly. But we're sort of trying to take it halfway and build. We still believe that it's going to continue to build and accelerate, and be a very, very strong business for us. So we're just, again, planning it conservatively. In terms of pricing, Stacy, I mean, we are -- again, we're in the mode of keeping our guidance back. There are a lot of goods out there. There is tremendous value that we think we can bring to the customer whenever there's volatility and it seems like every single year, there's something else going on. I think everybody knows about the cotton prices. The numbers are crazy. They accelerated beyond belief. And now, I think there's something like 50-something percent less than they were when it all started to hike up. So it's going to be very, very interesting. We love our value and what we did with cotton, cashmere, we think we are a tremendous value to our customer. And we're sticking to that. So we think we're going to have an exciting back half. But when things are all over the place, we love it.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: And then just as one last follow up, and I promise, that's it. The August number that you gave, the comp guidance looks lighter than I would have thought for the 3-year even, if my math is correct. Is that conservatism -- you know what I'm saying, conservativism or has there been a slowdown at all in August?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, say, what we did was we strategically are keeping our inventory, our in-store inventory very, very lean. Our clearance is way below last year. We're turning faster than last year. We're going to start to slow our packaways, not currently, but very shortly and we're in a great position going forward. But we are keeping our inventories very lean starting this season. And I think it's going to bode very well for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I guess just a follow up on that, aside from inventory being lean, have you seen any change in the purchasing patterns of the customers, aside from what you're doing internally? And then I guess a little more detail would be helpful on what has enabled you to continue to improve the merchandise margins in the U.S.? Is it mix, is it some of the inventory management initiatives you talked about earlier?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I mean, the merchandise margins, we are continuing to reduce our in-store inventories. At the end of the year, we will probably be flat in total inventory. Packaways will probably be equivalent to last year or slightly up, but we talked about it a lot. We are investing in our supply chain and a lot of our cost initiatives are -- we're doing so that we can reinvest that money. We're very, very far from really shipping the right goods to the right store at the right time. We still do quite a bit manually. So this is going to be a year-over-year process. It's probably going to take us 2 to 3 years to get through to where we want us to be. But our intent is to reduce our in-store inventories each year slightly, quickening the turn. So it's a combination of that. And obviously, the buying environment, and that changes all the time. So all of that allows us to feel like we can sustain and, hopefully, increase our margins.
Jeffrey Naylor: Dan, I think in terms of August, our guidance at this point in time would reflect -- obviously, we put our guidance based on what we're seeing with our business. As Carol mentioned, we are managing inventories very conservatively in-store and trying to turn them so that we start to see them leaner. And as we put ourselves in the position to chase in terms of having lower levels and forward commitments. So that's how we're thinking about in managing the business. The other color I'll give you is August is the more -- most challenging comparison versus -- comparisons get easier as we move through September and October in the quarter.
Ernie Herrman: Daniel, I'd just like to jump in on one thing on the goods. Some of these things become numbers discussions on the inventory levels, but I think the other thing that's been happening is the buyers have been doing an overall good job at getting the right goods at the right values. As Carol mentioned before, values has been key and top of mind. So obviously, turns have to be a function of the customer boding. They like the goods that are out there. So even if the inventories are lean, and they didn't like the goods, you wouldn't see the turns that we've been seeing. So I have to give our merchants actually, a fair amount of credit on really executing to good mixes. So I thought I'd throw that in.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. That's -- no, that's helpful. I mean, it's not -- I guess, just to paraphrase it, it sounds like maybe there's a little bit of inherent conservatism built in as well, not just in terms of how you're managing the inventory but also what the offtake might be, maybe partly because of the prior-year comparison in August. But maybe also because of the environment. Is that fair to say?
Carol Meyrowitz: I hope so.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. Free cash flow expectation for the year at this point?
Jeffrey Naylor: We expect we'll end of the year with $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which is -- that's the number that we gave you at the beginning of the year, and that's the number we still feel very comfortable with.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess just one bookkeeping question is to follow up and also the second, maybe we could dig a little bit more on the e-commerce. So first, bookkeeping, just profitability, operating margin and comps by division, your expectations? If you could detail the guidance a little bit more, that would be helpful.
Carol Meyrowitz: You want the back half guidance?
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, please.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. So the back half, always take it by division. So Marmaxx's for the back half is a 1% to 2% comp store increase. On that, we have segment profit margin at essentially flat. At HomeGoods, a 2% to 3% comp increase, segment profit margin anywhere from down 10 to plus 20 basis points. So for both Marmaxx and HomeGoods, really the segment profit lines up with the -- what we've expected with the comp range. TJX Canada, we're 0 to 1% on the comp. The segment -- the margin we would report is 70 to 80 basis points down. Excluding FX, it's down 160 to 170, that's year-to-date. We are down 120, so there's a little bit more baked in, but we're up against very strong comparisons in Canada, so we're being a little bit conservative on those numbers. TJX Europe, we have a 2 to 4 comp and we have segment profit margin up 220 to 270. On a reported basis, you just strip out foreign exchange, it's up 270 to 320. And again, as a reminder, we had a 370 basis point reduction in our merchandise margins last year. And we're assuming that we get a little bit less than half of that back plus leverage on a forward comp at the high end. So that's how you kind of -- the numbers kind of work there. And for the total company, we've got -- for the back half, I've already given you the EPS numbers. We've got an 11 -- where on sales, we've got $12.3 billion to $12.5 billion. And we've got a pretax margin that's up 20 to 40 basis points. And that's primarily driven by the gross profit margin. G&A is planned flat to 10 basis points of leverage. The balance of that, the 20 to 40 basis point improvement on the bottom line, is gross profit.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of e-commerce, and we are -- we have no set date. We want to do it right, so that a few times, we want to make money. We are absolutely hiring top talents and getting them involved in our business. And that's part of our bench and part of our cost that we are setting aside. We -- our intention is to really maximize both the brick and mortar and the Internet business and e-commerce to the future. So we're feeling pretty good about it. And again, we're not ready to say when our date is, but we're building the team. And our intent is to do it right.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And the other part of that, the Internet channel as a marketing or relationship building? Obviously, there's some of that going on. Is there opportunity to accelerate that or invest into it?
Carol Meyrowitz: We are doing a lot of -- again, in the back half, we are shipping a lot of dollars to social networking. I think we're being very smart on how we're handling our marketing dollars, and we're learning a lot about that. So the marriage, again, between the future of where we see the Internet and our business is going to be a combination of various things that we're doing to drive both parties. So we're pretty excited about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just one clarification on inventory. The total -- the per store number now that's up 16%, do you envision that coming down over the course of the rest of the year as you flow the packaway into stores, or will that stay up?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, that will be coming down.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. As we look at the end of the year, we think on a per store basis, flat to slightly up. It really depends on the quantity of the packaways that we have at year end, which is somewhat difficult to predict and really depends on the environment we see as we close out the year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, we always do packaways more than 10%, but we'll see. I mean, it could be 5%, it could be 10%. That will be the difference in the year end.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. That's the volatility of the environment right now that we think as a wildcard.
Ernie Herrman: Yes, to Jeff's point, sometimes as we get to the year end and based on what happens with everything around us, those packaway numbers are a little bit unpredictable. But when they -- if they do end up there, it's a good thing because it's buys that we felt were the right branded value.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Could you just tell us what the merchandise margin change was by division in the second quarter? And also, I just wanted to make sure I heard you properly earlier on -- did you say that you expected in the back half merge margin to be flat at all divisions except T.K., you expected up?
Jeffrey Naylor: We said, as a company, it's planned flat up in the back half. Clearly, we should get a big lift at Europe so that it would say that essentially, our other divisions in aggregate are planned essentially flat, Paul. So in terms of the second quarter, I think we've already broken it out pretty well. I mean, the -- We've got merchandise margins for the quarter that was flat. And we said, it's up roughly 10 basis points -- in a 10 to 20 basis point range for our North American businesses. So I think that's all the guidance we really want to provide at this point in time.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Does that include the mark-to-market in Canada?
Jeffrey Naylor: No, that's all excluding the mark-to-market. So the mark-to-market -- so if you look at the gross profit margin, we've got buying and occupancy leverage. You've got the mark-to-market and then excluding the mark-to-market, the merchandise margins were full -- the pure merchandise margin was flat.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And -- but specifically in the U.S., were we up in the U.S. and down in Canada? Is that how we should look at it?
Jeffrey Naylor: No, you're up in both -- you're actually up in both places. You're up slightly in Canada, which again speaks to the way they manage the inventory. They manage the inventory very lean up there with commitment...
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it's on a negative 3 comp.
Jeffrey Naylor: On a negative 3 comp, to have a merge -- again, it speaks to the flexibility of our model and how, again, as Carol said, zig and zag and respond to opportunities and stay flexible. Not unlike what happened in the fourth quarter of 2008 where you had Armageddon and our merchandise margins were flat. It's the beauty of the model.
Operator: Our next question is from Laura Champine.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Most of my questions have been asked, just a final point though on the European pressure in the merged margin, which I know you expect to improve. Is that business structured in a different way because of number of vendors or types of vendors that would keep its merge margin below Marmaxx over the long-term?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, not really, Laura, no.
Operator: Our next question is from the Jeff Stein.
Jeffrey Stein - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Carol, I'm interested in your comment regarding your pricing plans for the back half of the year. So are you going into the fall with lower initial mark-ups due to the fact that you're keeping your AUR up only slightly, or are you just buying better, which is allowing you to maintain your initial mark on?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, our mark on is pretty much -- pretty flat, pretty similar to where we planned it. And we see opportunity in mark downs. We'll see how the back half goes. But you got to remember that we're far from being bought up in the back half. So we've got a long way to go.
Jeffrey Stein - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: And your marketing spend for the back half of the year, is it planned to be up as a percent to total sales?
Carol Meyrowitz: No. It's flat in terms of percent, slightly up in dollars but much, much greater penetration. We have a completely different -- not a completely, but a different strategy from last year. So you're going to see it a lot more on TV, and we're pretty excited about it.
Operator: Our final question today is from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just a question about Europe and Canada. Europe struggled for about a year, Canada, for just about 6 months. And you had indicated your confidence in Canada for the second half. What's the difference between the 2 in terms of why so -- such confidence in such a short term on Canada versus how long it's up for Europe?
Carol Meyrowitz: Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Yes. I think a primary difference is, and we've talked about this before, in Europe, we grew probably too fast, all right? In Canada, we did not. So Canada's more of a short-term execution issue where we, I'd say, we took our eyes off the ball really in a couple of areas. In Europe, again, some of the infrastructure I'd call it was strained with the quick growth. So it takes a little bit longer to come out of that type of situation, I'd say at a high level, those have -- that's really the key difference between the with 2.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. As we've been talking about, as we've been talking about at the meeting with investors, it really is a function of kind of outgrowing the ability of the organization to support the growth, support the business. And whereas in Canada, that hasn't been the case. We've got a real experienced team up there, and we're confident that will -- can come back more quickly.
Ernie Herrman: Yes. And with -- and I think we talked about a little bit earlier, in Canada, again, we've already seen a little bit of life in 2 of the areas that were actually a bit of a struggle for us fairly recently. So I think a quicker turn than we even experienced out of Europe, where some of the things did not happen as quickly all over there. Now again, we're seeing some improvements in categories that in Europe were slow prior. So we're feeling good also in Europe. And we're also looking at the availability of what's happening with key branded goods over there. And that's looking pretty good for us going forward. But very different, very different issues to -- that started the problem, so are the execution issues. And so different ways of coming out of it.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter. Thanks, again.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your Conference Call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-05-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Jeffrey Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies First Quarter 2011 (sic) [2012] Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, May 17, 2011. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And before I begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2011.  Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com.  Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures we discuss today to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. In addition, that section of our website also includes reconciliations of guidance with respect to non-GAAP measures to guidance on a GAAP basis. Thank you.  And now, I'll turn it back to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning, again. And joining me is Sherry, who's on the call; and Ernie Herrman; and Jeff Naylor. Let me begin by saying that our overall first quarter performance demonstrates, once again, our ability to deliver consistent results year-over-year in economic upturns and downturns. Despite extraordinary growth in the prior year, we continue to deliver positive comps and earnings per share in line with our plan and on top of a 9% comp increase and a 63% increase in EPS last year. We believe that our first quarter sales would have been even stronger if it were not for the unseasonable weather that hindered apparel sales in many U.S. and Canadian regions. When we spoke with you on our last conference call, we said that we expected the first quarter to be the toughest of the year as we faced our most challenging prior year comparison, particularly for our European business, as well as timing issues related to certain expense items. With our most challenging quarterly comparison behind us and May off to a very strong start, we are looking forward to the second quarter and the rest of 2011. Going forward, we have many exciting opportunities, and we remain as convinced as ever that we will continue to drive steady top and bottom line growth regardless of the economic environment.  But before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap our first quarter results.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Again, I want to emphasize that we will be referring to adjusted results throughout today's presentation. Reconciliations between our GAAP reported numbers and the adjusted results are provided in today's release, and we've also put them up on our website.  Now to recap first quarter fiscal 2012 results. First off, net sales reached $5.2 billion. That's a 4% increase over last year. Our consolidated comp store sales increased 2% on top of a very strong 9% increase last year. That was driven by continued growth in customer traffic. And for the quarter, the ticket was essentially flat.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.78 compared with last year's $0.80 per share. Now these results include a $0.03 negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates due to a mark-to-market adjustment on our inventory-related hedges, which had not been contemplated in our original guidance. So our underlying results are a bit stronger than it would appear and, excluding the mark-to-market adjustment, towards the high end of our guidance. This item is expected to effectively reverse in subsequent periods, primarily in the second quarter when the inventory that weve hedged is sold.  Turning to pretax profit margins. Our pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis for the quarter was 9.6%. That's in line with our original guidance and down 110 basis points from the prior year. Now the mark-to-market adjustment represented 30 basis points of this decline, with the remaining 80 basis points primarily due to factors that were anticipated in our plan, and I'll cover in a moment. It's important to note that we expect these factors will moderate as we move through the year. And in the guidance I'll cover later in the call, we continue to plan for full year, that's full year adjusted pretax profit margins, essentially flat on a 1% to 2% comp sales increase. So what we're seeing here in the first quarter largely reflects a pacing or a timing item.  The gross profit margin decreased 40 basis points on an adjusted basis versus last year. 30 basis points of that is due to the mark-to-market adjustment. The remaining 10 basis point decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit margins in Europe, as we took significant markdowns to clear out inventories, and that was partially offset by improved buying and occupancy expense leverage.  SG&A expense increased 70 basis points, which was in line with our expectations, and reflected the factors impacting Q1 that we discussed on our last conference call. So in terms of the factors themselves, specifically, the increase in SG&A reflects the timing of certain expense items. One, we're absorbing talent and certain costs from the A.J. Wright division and other TJX divisions. Secondly, we have deleverage from our European segment. And finally, for most of the first quarter, we did not have the benefit of sales from the 90 A.J. Wright conversion stores, which negatively impacted our expense ratios. So again, these factors will moderate as we move through the year, and we continue to expect SG&A rates for the full year, that's a full year, to be up minimally on the planned 1% to 2% comp increase, which is about what you'd expected. So again, Q1 SG&A rates, we think, are more about the timing and the pacing of the year. Turning to inventories. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses, were up 12%. That's up 10% on a constant-currency basis, and that compares to a 12% decrease last year. This increase was primarily due to our having taken advantage of much larger available quantities of end-of-season branded packaway product, and that compares to very low quantities that we had of end-of-season packaway last year. It's important to note that inventory levels in our stores are down and turning faster, which bodes well for merchandise margins. Further, we entered the second quarter with a more liquid inventory position, with more open to buy than at this time last year, and we think we're in very, very good shape to buy into current trends and opportunities in the market. In terms of shareholder distributions, we retired 7.1 million shares, buying back $361 million of TJX stock during the quarter. We continue to anticipate buying back approximately $1.2 billion worth of TJX stock this year. We also raised the annual dividend to $0.76 per share, a 27% increase, and it's worth noting that this was the 15th consecutive year in which weve raised our dividend.  So now I'll turn it back to Carol, and I'll come back later to provide details on our guidance for the balance of the year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. As we've reiterated many times, our consistent performance over both the short and long term, as well as the strength and sustainability of our business, give us great confidence in the future. I intend to keep my comments brief today, leaving more time for Q&A. I'll start by highlighting the major themes in regard to the sustainability of our strong sales and margin and our exciting opportunities for the second quarter and beyond, beginning with sustainability.  The first quarter clearly speaks to the power of our off-price business model to deliver steady performance year-over-year. To recap our divisional results. In the U.S., we are very pleased with Marmaxx and HomeGoods, excellent first quarter performance. Both of these divisions achieved strong comps on top of very challenging prior year comparisons. On the bottom line, adjusted segment profit grew significantly across both businesses, and adjusted segment profit margin continued to improve over prior year level.  At Marmaxx, comp sales increased 4% over last year's very strong 10%. Adjusted segment profit was 14.4%, up 10 basis points on top of last year's record performance, and customer traffic continued to be up over significant increases last year, despite the negative impact of unseasonable weather in the Northeast and Midwest. This bodes well for our business when the weather turns warm in these regions.  At HomeGoods, comp increased 6% over last year's exceptional 15% increase. Adjusted segment profit was up 80 basis points versus last year, then highest ever first quarter profit performance for this division. HomeGoods' sharp execution is driving these strong results as we are offering customers great off-priced values on a fantastic assortment of goods from around the world.  TJX Canada's first quarter results were heavily impacted by weather. We believe that the negative impact of un-spring-like weather on demand for apparel drove the sales mix, while deleverage on the 3% comp decline hurt the bottom line. It's important to note that our home businesses in Canada performed well, which we believe underscored the impact of weather. We are excited about our launch of Marshalls in Canada, where our first 5 stores are now open. Although still very early, customer response has been very strong.  Moving to TJX Europe. As I mentioned on our year-end call, we don't expect to see improvement in this business until the end of the second quarter as we're still focusing on getting this business back on track. We've talked about how our rapid pace of growth last year put pressure on our organization and we lost our value proposition with a mix that was too moderate. As we knew we'd have to, we took aggressive markdowns in the first quarter in order to clear out and start a new fresh season. We have begun to see inventories turning a bit faster in the last several weeks than they were a year ago, and that's a good sign.  Further, I believe both our brands and values are definitely getting stronger, continue to expect that we will start to see progress by the end of the first half, with greater improvement in the second half when TJX Europe typically earns the majority of its profit. In the short term, we believe that we are making some progress and beginning to head in the right direction. And in the long term, we're confident that Europe continues to represent a significant growth opportunity for the company.  As we move into the second quarter, we have many exciting opportunities. First, customer traffic continued to be up in the first quarter over significant increases last year. Looking over the last 2-year period, customer traffic has increased enormously, up in the mid-teens percentage range. This indicates to us that value remains top-of-mind for consumers.  Second, while we have made significant gains in our U.S. market share and widened our demographic reach substantially, enormous opportunities still remain. Our research tells us that approximately 75% of U.S. shoppers have not shopped at T.J. Maxx or a Marshalls store in the last year, which translates to tens of millions of untapped shoppers in the U.S. log [ph].  Third, we believe that our more effective marketing is helping to grow our customer base. Our television network campaigns were very successful in the first quarter, and our increases in customer traffic tell us our messages are working. We will be making a bit more of an investment in our marketing this year.  Fourth, our store remodels are helping to retain the new customers we are attracting with our marketing. At Marmaxx, we will have almost 2/3 of our stores in the new prototype by the end of the year. We continue to see sales lift when we remodel store comparable to when we began the program. The returns are not diminishing. We are on track to remodel approximately 350 stores across all our businesses this year.  Fifth, on a macro level, we see the uncertainty in the marketplace of outsourcing and pricing as an opportunity for our business. Historically, disruption in the marketplace has created great off-price opportunity. We can utilize our flexibility to seize opportunity and react faster to the market trends than just about any other retailer. The key for us is relative value. If other retailers pass on costs to consumers and our pricing umbrella rises, this should allow us to drive merchandise margins while maintaining our value gap. If other retailers absorb rising costs, we typically have the flexibility to adjust our mix, which enables us to remain under the pricing umbrella while sustaining merchandise margins.  We are seeing tremendous opportunities for great brands and quality products in the marketplace. We enter the second quarter with very liquid inventory, which puts us in an excellent position to respond quickly to the current fashion and trend. We continue to open more vendor doors around the world as we expand our universe of more than 14,000 vendors. So you can see that we have many reasons to be excited about our opportunities as we begin the second quarter, and we will be utilizing our flexibility in the marketplace to its full advantage.  Before closing, I want to cover a couple of other key points that give us confidence in our business. We continue to invest and make improvement in our supply chain to run the business with even leaner, faster turning inventory. This has led to even fresher selections and sequential improvement in merchandise margin. We continue to see additional opportunities to reduce our inventory, as well as fine-tune our shipping of the right goods to the right stores at the right time. This is a major factor in our confidence in sustaining our top and bottom line strength. Further, we remain sharply focused on managing expenses with cost-cutting initiatives underway across the company. To recap our plans, we expect to reduce costs by approximately $50 million to $75 million in 2011, which will help protect our profit margin and offset other cost increases.  Although very early, I am pleased with the performance of our stores that have been converted from A.J. Wright. If this continues, it bodes extremely well for the possibilities of additional stores under both the Marmaxx and HomeGoods banners long term. As we learn more and more about these customers, we see several tactical improvements that we -- that can be made to make these stores even stronger.  In terms of our outlook for the second quarter. While our comparisons become easier than the first quarter, we will continue to plan conservatively. At the same time, as always, we are motivated to surpass our goal. Jeff will provide details on guidance in a moment.  Summing up, we have many reasons giving us confidence for the second quarter and beyond. We delivered strong sales in the first quarter despite exceptional prior year growth. Earnings were in line with expectations, and our comparisons get easier as we move through the year. We had sales momentum exiting the quarter and May is off to a good start. We expect the benefits from converting our former A.J. Wright stores into more profitable TJX banners to ramp up as we move through the year and beyond. We are looking for TJX Europe to begin to make progress towards the end of the first half with greater improvement in the second half.  Due to the uncertainty in the marketplace around costs and sourcing, it's an opportunity for our business as disruption in the market typically creates great off-price buying opportunity. We continue to invest in and improve our supply chain to run with even leaner in-store inventories, which drives faster inventory turns and merchandise margins. We have a strong consistent history of generating enormous amounts of cash, resulting in some of the highest financial returns in the retail industry, and we have a long track record of returning cash to our shareholders through our share buyback and dividend program. We have vast growth potential with the portfolio of 4 powerful divisions are -- and we are investing in our infrastructure to support profitable growth in the short and long term.  Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff to go through guidance, and then we'll be happy to take all your questions.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks. So before I get to guidance, I want to briefly touch on 2 items related to the quarter. One, first, let me speak to the Canadian performance. As we discussed upfront, our consolidated EPS in Q1 was reduced by $0.03 due to the mark-to-market adjustment. Virtually all of this adjustment was recorded in our Canadian segment.  So while segment profit and profit margin in Canada were down, the mark-to-market adjustment was a very big factor. Just to dimensional-ize that for you is that -- while we reported an $18 million decline in segment profit at Canada and a 370 basis point decrease in the segment profit margin, the numbers are actually $9 million down and 170 basis points, if you exclude this item, and that's on a negative 3% comp, which was -- basically be in line with what we would expect.  The second item. I want to briefly recap the A.J. Wright consolidation, given that we're essentially down at this point. Through the end of the quarter, all of the 162 A.J. Wright stores have been closed, and 79 of the 90 stores that we're converting to Marmaxx and HomeGoods banners have been reopened. So of those remaining 11 conversions, 9 have already been completed in May, to date, with just 2 more to go.  The costs to close A.J. Wright and convert the 90 stores to other banners are significantly below where we thought they would be. First, to close the A.J. Wright business, we estimated the after-tax cost would be in the $150 million to $170 million range or $0.38 to $0.43 per share. And of that, $40 million to $50 million was cash -- was cash. Our current estimate is that the after-tax cost will be in the $120 million range or $0.30 per share, with an after-tax cash cost of approximately $20 million, which is well below that $40 million to $50 million original estimate. In terms of the cost of converting the 90 stores to Marmaxx and HomeGoods banners, which represents the costs that we incurred during the go-dark period, as well as the grand reopening costs for these stores, the impact on EPS is expected to be approximately $0.03. And that's at the low end of our original estimates.  And then finally, in terms of the benefit. We remain confident that the converted stores, will, on a run rate basis, generate $25 million to $35 million of after-tax profit, which is in line with our original estimate. Approximately $15 million to $20 million, or $0.04 to $0.05 per share of this, is incremental to what we were earning with A.J. Wright. We expect that approximately $0.03 per share of this benefit will be realized in the remainder of the current fiscal year, with the balance picked up next year.  That said, the most important benefit of the A.J. Wright decision remains the improved profitability that we expect from opening stores that were previously designated for A.J. Wright and opening those as Marmaxx stores and the enhanced growth that'll bring the company. So that's just a quick recap of A.J. and the consolidation, where we've come out.  Now onto guidance. As you can see from today's release, we provided fiscal 2012 guidance on both a GAAP basis and an adjusted basis, and the adjusted basis excludes the impact of the A.J. Wright closing and the related store conversions, as well as the impact of a non-operating item in fiscal 2011. Details of our adjusted guidance, along with the related reconciliations to GAAP financial information, can be found in the table in the Investor section of our website, and I'd encourage you to refer to these. I'm going to speak to the adjusted numbers in my remarks today.  So for the full year, we now expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.81 to $3.93, which represents a 9% to 13% increase over the adjusted $3.49 in fiscal 2011. I should note that the high end of this range is consistent with our original guidance, while we've raised the low end by $0.03 to reflect Q1 performance.  Now the full year guidance continues to be based on a 1% to 2% comp store sales increase. We continue to project adjusted pretax profit margins in the 10.4% to 10.7% range, which is down 20 basis points to up 10 basis points over the adjusted fiscal 2011 pretax profit margin of 10.6%. And that's a little better than what we'd expect, given the 1% to 2% comp increase that we have in the model.  For the second quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.86, which is an 11% to 18% increase over our adjusted earnings per share of $0.73 last year. So in terms of the underlying assumptions, what are they? We're assuming second quarter sales of approximately $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion, with a comp sales increase of 1% to 3% on both a consolidated basis and up 2% to 4% at The Marmaxx Group.  As to monthly comps. For the month of May, we're planning comps to increase 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and increase 3% to 5% at The Marmaxx Group. And obviously, that's the month of May. May is our most difficult comparison of the quarter. In June, we expect comps to be flat to up 2% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. In July, we expect comps to increase 1% to 3% for both TJX and Marmaxx.  For the quarter, the pretax profit margin is planned in the range of 9.5% to 9.9%, which is down 10 to up 30 basis points versus the adjusted 9.6% last year. We are planning our second quarter gross profit margin in the range of 26.7% to 27.1%. That's up 10 to 15 basis points over the prior year. And we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the range of 17.0% to 17.1%. That's an increase of 20 to 30 basis points over the 16.8% recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2011.  This guidance reflects the moderation of the factors, which impacted Q1 SG&A rates, as cost ratios will benefit from a full quarter of sales from virtually all the A.J. Wright conversion stores. We'll be further along in absorbing A.J. Wright talent and certain other costs into our other businesses, and we will face easing comparisons at our European business. For modeling purposes, we're planning a tax rate of 38.1%, net interest expense in the $9 million to $10 million range and weighted average shares of approximately 389 million. Our full year and second quarter guidance both assume that currency exchange rates will remain unchanged from current levels.  Finally, a few comments on the back half of fiscal 2012 that's implied by today's guidance. We believe the back half will be relatively stronger as we will benefit from easing year-over-year comparisons, the cycling of negative trends in Europe, the profit impact of the A.J. Wright conversion stores and the moderation of the SG&A factors that were discussed earlier. So we're expecting EPS in the back half of $2.22 to $2.30, up 13% to 17% over the adjusted $1.97 in the prior year, and that excludes last year's fourth quarter charges related to A.J. Wright. I should note that this guidance is based on comp store sales growth in the 1% to 2% range. And for the back half, we believe pretax profit margins will be up 20 to 40 basis points over last year's adjusted 11%.  We'll now open up the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Jennifer Davis. [Lazard Capital Markets]
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: It must feel great to have comps positive against your strong comps against the second half of last year and the first quarter of this year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely.
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: So my question is, if you look at your Marmaxx segment margins, you keep exceeding record levels. Did you think if you kind of annualize it, a 13% to 13.5% is the right level? And will the converted A.J. Wright stores impact those margins? Are those lower margin stores or will they be similar to the chain average?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, in terms of the A.J. Wright stores, their profit percent is slightly higher and their dollars are slightly lower. But we are planning Marmaxx pretty conservative as we always do. And the likelihood, I always feel good that we usually beat our number. So I'm hoping to beat those numbers in the second quarter in the back half.
Jeffrey Naylor: Jennifer, for the full year, we've -- we're calling for the Marmaxx segment profit margin, which was 13.3% last year, to be basically flat on a 2% to 3% comps. So as Carol mentioned, the stores that -- the Marmaxx stores we have in the lower-income demographics, we actually see slightly higher four-wall contributions from those stores. So it doesn't hurt, that cannibalization can be a factor, but when you put it all together, it's basically flat year-over-year. And that's what we have baked into our 3-year model, by the way, when we look out 3 years its a flat segment profit margin for Marmaxx on a 1.5% to 2% comp.
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: All right, great. I'll limit it to one. I do have more though. So if you have time, I'll circle back.
Jeffrey Naylor: Just get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is from Evren Kopelman. [Wells Fargo Securities].
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I had a question on the -- your comment on the larger available quantities of the end-of-season branded packaway. Are you buying more, more because of the cost increases that are coming in the second half or more because the product is good? Because it's surprising that there'd be so much excess good product out there because we've seen, in general, strong retail sales over the past few months and quarters. So is this specific brands that have been underperforming or is it just because, like I said, you're just ramping up ahead of the cost increases?
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, our packaways, we only do packaways when we see wonderful deals. This isn't about mitigating costs, it's really about the product itself. And second of all, across the board, we're pretty excited about the amount of products. So it's really across the board.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. And a big piece of this, Evren, it's not just what we bought this year, it's also that the quantities of packaway that were available last year were very...
Carol Meyrowitz: Minimal.
Jeffrey Naylor: Very minimal. So a piece of this is more opportunity this year, particularly at the end of the season. There are a lot of cancellations -- there are a lot of late arrivals of goods in the fourth quarter. We were able to take advantage of that as we crossed over into this year, but that was up against very low levels of packaway last year. So that's part of what's impacting the year-over-year comparisons.
Ernie Herrman: And I would just jump in and say also the merchants have been selective through that process. So it's not like we just buy every packaway, but the availability was so plentiful. We stayed selective as we went through that whole list of packaways.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick. [JPMorgan Chase].
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess two quick ones. I guess, Jeff, I was surprised on your comment regarding the flattish Marmaxx margins over the next few years. It seems like, as you guys have talked about inventory turns, it seems like HomeGoods has been the number one focus, and that Marmaxx is still in the early innings. So why should Marmaxx margins be flattish? Aren't there still some decent markdown opportunities ahead for the Marmaxx division? And on T.K. Europe, what kind of margin expansion are you guys assuming in the back half? And is that more on the sales leverage returning or is that on the markdowns?
Carol Meyrowitz: All right. Brian, we'll go through all the Europe numbers, because I think it'll be very beneficial for everyone to understand how conservatively we are planning it and what the opportunities are. Again, we plan conservatively, and we will continue to do that in terms of Marmaxx and HomeGoods. And I like to end each quarter and each year being on the positive and beating our plan. So do we believe there's opportunity? Absolutely. Do we think it's prudent to just plan conservatively? Absolutely. And that's what we do and will continue to do. So yes, we do believe there is opportunity. You want to go through Europe?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. And, Brian, that's just -- obviously, that's what we're putting in. We've got a 3-year model that gets us to 10% to 13% EPS growth. Baked into that is a 1% to 2% comp. So we think that the conservative way to plan it is to -- flat profit margin on a 1% to 2% comp. It takes some SG&A cost reduction to get there. And there's probably gross -- but we think there's more gross margin opportunity than, to Carol's point, than there is risk, but I think that's the prudent way to plan it. So my comment is related more to the model. But I tell you the management view, obviously, we're striving to beat it. In terms of the assumptions for Europe, I'll give you the Q2 and the second half. So as you look at the comp, right now, we're calling for a 0% to 2% comp in the second quarter, and that's on top of a minus 4% last year and a 6% the year before that, plus 6%. In the second half, we're calling for a 2% to 4% comp. That's on a minus 4% last year and a 3% the year before that. So if you start -- and you guys can do this math off-line. But if you actually start looking at the 2- and the 3-year stacked comps for the second quarter of this year and the second half of this year, we do not have a significant -- we have a slight improvement in trend, but not a dramatic improvement in trend. I'd say, it's nothing that's -- that I would characterize as heroic. And we think those are makeable numbers. In terms of the profit, the thing to realize is that in the back half of the year -- last year, we came up against -- we had almost a 400 basis point hit on the gross margin line in the back half at Europe. Q1 this year was down pretty significantly, as well as, Carol mentioned, we took a lot of markdowns. But we were up against basically a flat margin last year. So what's happening here is we're going to -- as we move from Q1 into Q2 and into the second half, the margin comparisons get significantly easier. The comp comparisons get easier. And so we think as we look at the plan, that we planned it, what I would refer to as, prudently. And we've also planned it candidly below what our internal expectations would be for the business. But we think that's right way to do it, given some of the trends that we've seen over the last 9 months.
Carol Meyrowitz: And just a couple of comments on Europe. We've done quite a bit here, and we've really strengthened the team. We have a high-level team now and veterans, and we're feeling pretty good about the group. We became very liquid. We're absolutely focused on the right brands and the right values. We have this -- have had this in the past in our businesses, and we've certainly fixed them. We are more country-centric, and we've slowed the growth. And next year, we'll have a minimal number of stores. And we'll play it by ear, and we can react very quickly. We're certainly starting to see some positive signs. And Ernie was just over there, and I think he's feeling pretty positive. And what about the goods you've seen over there and the market?
Ernie Herrman: Yes, I was just there recently. I'm feeling better about the fashion as well as the brands that we have in the mix. So I think that's equally important in Europe. I think we're headed in the right direction, in terms of the overall values that we're delivering to the stores and to the customers. I think what's helping there is that the market in Europe has been yielding some very exciting opportunities. And our merchants have been able to, as Carol said, we're liquid, so they've been able to take advantage of these opportunities. And at the same time, they have really been focused on buying the best of the best. So I think throughout that process, I think the mix in the stores from a fashion and brand perspective is feeling a lot better than it did a few months ago. So again directionally, without being too optimistic, I want to stay balanced here, I would say the goods in the stores are feeling better.
Carol Meyrowitz: And as we've said, we're still planning it, within the total, very conservatively. Hopefully, there's upside.
Operator: Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira. [Goldman Sachs]
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I actually have one clarification and then a question, if that works. Just, Jeff, if you could -- on the guidance for Q2, I just want to be clear. Does that include -- the $0.81 to $0.86, does that include the $0.03 benefit related to the inventory?
Jeffrey Naylor: It does. So it would have a flip on the mark-to-market, Adrianne. That's worth, we think, somewhere around 30 basis points as well to the bottom line.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then, Carol, just as we're focusing obviously on Europe and Canada as opportunities in the back half. I guess, on Europe, the markdowns that you had to clear the goods, are we clean as we enter Q2 in Europe? And then on Canada, it sounds as if your commentary about May off to a good start, should we also read that the weather has gotten more accommodating in Canada and you've seen better trends in Canada as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, first of all, the -- Canada, we're -- we had a 10 point differential in terms of home product to apparel. So we are starting to see apparel get a little bit stronger in Canada. So I think that's going to bode well. And Canada is not an issue for us. We really believe that it was a weather issue. So I think going forward, we feel pretty confident in that.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: In Europe, are we clean?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. In Europe, we are clean. And as I said before, for the first time, we are starting to see turns faster than last year. We absolutely cleaned out first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Pak. [Barclays Capital]
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: So I guess just a follow-up on Europe, and then I'm hoping to get your opinion, Carol, on direct and what that means for T.J. But just on Europe, can you explain to us why you're confident that this -- your execution issue, and maybe if you're seeing differences in experienced buyers to less experienced, if that's the issue? Or you're seeing differences in countries? And tell us if you started TV and what you're seeing there. And then on direct, Carol, what does direct mean to TJX? Do you think you're going to start selling over the web? What do you think about the private sale opportunity? What kind of product could you sell? I'm just kind of wondering if you are going to start doing that.
Carol Meyrowitz: So how many questions is that?
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: Its really 2. It's a follow-up -- more clarification on Europe and then address direct. But I was just giving you...
Carol Meyrowitz: Let me get back to Europe, first. We really put the A players who are focused and mentoring. We are focused on the right vendors, on the right values. The guys know what turns the goods and what sells. We have a plentiful market. More importantly, Ernie has worked with the group, and they are very, very liquid and very, very focused. We're country-centric now, more so than we were a year ago. So all of the moves that had to be made have been made, and that's where our confidence level comes. Again, having said that, we don't want to overpromise. So that's where we are with Europe. In terms of e-commerce, we are using some of our bench. We have developed a team. We've done a lot of research in this arena. We look at e-commerce in the future in combination of a great marketing tool and tremendous leveraging of our stores. So the idea of having brick and mortar and e-commerce, together, is really where we see the future. So as I said before, we want to do it right. We see tremendous opportunities for us in terms of all of our brands, and we believe that we are slowly setting up a situation that will be very positive. But again, I want to come back to, we see the opportunity not just for e-commerce, in itself, but really using that to maximize our store traffic and leverage the top line of our business.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: Will you say when you'll begin selling online?
Carol Meyrowitz: We haven't said that yet.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger. [Morgan Stanley]
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: My question is on inventory. I'm wondering, Jeff, if you can just help us understand the magnitude of the increase at -- in the packaway levels. In other words, was packaway 2% of inventory last year and 10% this year? And so we can just try to figure out, excluding the packaway, what the inventory levels look like. That would be really helpful. And then just a clarification. I wanted to make sure that I heard your comp guidance by month correctly. It sounds like you're expecting the best comp in May, but that's the toughest comparison. So I'm just wondering what's happening in June and July that gives you pause in your forecast.
Jeffrey Naylor: So yes, on the packaway, it's never more than 10% of what we do, Kimberly. We were up against lower levels of -- very low levels of packaway last year. We're not specific on the quantity. I don't want to get into the mode of taking specific components of our inventory and quantifying it. But I can tell you, it's the lion's share of the increase that you're seeing year-over-year, and we feel, as Ernie said, very, very comfortable with that inventory. That it's -- it wasn't a strategy to manage margins in the back half, it was all about great values, great brands and just an abundance of available products. So in terms of the comparisons, I would tell you that May is reflective of what we're currently seeing, where I think the June, July guidance is more reflective of continued concerns about the economy, the economic environment, and frankly, being a little conservative.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Stein. [Soleil Securities]
Jeffery Stein: Carol, question, again, back to Europe. And I'm wondering if you've taken a look at, is there anything that has changed fundamentally, either with respect to the customer or even the vendors in Europe? For example, I know for years you've talked about the fact, there was just a myriad of closeout opportunities here in the U.S., but you have those same opportunities and those same relationships with the vendors in Europe, which give you conviction that maybe something may have -- may be changing there?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it's really about our focus. And when you grow too fast and you have less experienced group and you're bringing in a lot of new buyers, the tendency is to run to fill your open to buy. And what we did do is we filled it with more moderate goods, which obviously turned off the customer. And so today, we have it very, very focused on what's acceptable and what's not acceptable. We have the pros guiding the next tier and teaching. So it just keeps coming back to focus and execution. And that's why I believe it's very fixable. There is plentiful goods out there. But we are not allowing the buyers to buy things that are not up to a certain standard and level, and they know it and they understand it today.
Ernie Herrman: Jeff, and I would just jump in. Similar to what I said on the packaways is, even on the -- all the other goods that we're buying, they are being selective. And I think that's what Carol was just talking about. We are buying pretty balanced assortment now. I think we're a little too moderate prior. And so whether it's goods at the high end, goods on the middle level, the merchants are all in that page. And generally, that's what works best for us when we're buying across the board. So we're feeling much better about that.
Carol Meyrowitz: And I think the other thing we're learning is, which vendors work in which countries. And there's a big difference between the U.K. and Germany.
Operator: Our next question is from Roxanne Meyer. [UBS]
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank: My question is on inventory turns. You've mentioned that there's still an opportunity to improve there and generate margin gains over the long term. I'm just curious at the Marmaxx division specifically, what areas of the store do you think have the best opportunity to improve turns, and to what extent are systems necessary to recognize these improvements? I know you talked about getting the right product in the right place at the right time. So, just curious how those play out.
Carol Meyrowitz: Obviously, because we're off-price, we don't look at each specific area. We could be in a business that we're not necessarily in a year ago. But what we look at is we are investing systems -- into systems. This is going to be a short- to long-term process. And again, it's going to enable us to do some of the things that we do manually today. Systems will allow us to do it a lot quicker, a lot more efficiently. So that we're much more perfect in terms of our timing, in terms of our, what we call, the Sun Belt, the northern region, being store-centric. We've ranked each store. It will allow us to rank them more efficiently. So all of this will lead to more positive margins in the future, at least that's what we're hoping we will be able to achieve, faster turns, freshness and more excitement to the consumer.
Jeffrey Naylor: And I think in the short term, before we're in a position to deploy those systems, there's a lot of things that we can do manually and through spreadsheets that we're doing. And I think the one thing that gives us confidence is the variation in store-level turn across our businesses is pretty wide. And that tells us that with the businesses that are turning a little bit more on the slow side, that there is an opportunity. In fact, we talked about that in the last call.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin. [William Blair & Company]
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a -- I guess I'll first ask about the inflation picture, and I apologize if this was discussed at the beginning. I missed the first minute or so. In terms of cost inflation and how the degree to which you're able to pass that through and what sort of impact, if any, you see on unit sales. I know you price competitively with the marketplace with the umbrella. And I guess one final clarification question on Europe, if I could, regarding the results that you've seen the last few weeks. Would you attribute that to the early signs of improved execution, or is it kind of what Ernie described in terms of just really good availability of product?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it's really about execution. There's no doubt that if you're picking the right product -- there's always plentiful goods, and its about putting your people on executing the right vendors and the right value. So that's what we're beginning to see. The market-to-market, there's always again -- we're never shy on goods, in great goods. So many opportunities there. In terms of inflation, our average ticket is fairly flat today, and our intention is to continue to give the consumer just great, great value. And if we're at certain category and prices increase out there, well, we're going to keep our distance in terms of the value. You got to realize we have so much flexibility in terms of categories, zigging and zagging in many, many different ways. So we're pretty excited about the value that we're giving our customers. So it will seek its own level. If the world is out there at higher price points, then we have the ability to raise our price points. But again, we want to keep that distance between everyone else, and that's really what our job is.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Do you feel like the inflation picture is creating broader disruption that's benefiting you, broader disruption than the overall retail landscape?
Carol Meyrowitz: Probably because anything that changes or is unknown usually tends to benefit us.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Jaffe. [Stifel, Nicolaus]
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just a little bit more detail, if you could, on the operating margins by division. You broke out a comment on Marmaxx that you anticipate that being flat. If you could provide some detail on the others, that'd be great.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. On the full year, Richard, we're providing the guidance. So Marmaxx essentially flat on a 2% to 3%, with -- in the case of HomeGoods, we are planning that business up 20 to 40 basis points. So that would be 9.7% to 9.9%, which is a phenomenal, given where we thought the business - [indiscernible] be. And that's on a 3% to 4% comp. In terms of Europe, we're planning that business at -- the comp is flat to 2%. And that's $100 million to $110 million on a full year basis, which is 3.4% to 3.6% at a segment profit margin. And then in Canada, we're planning that business at a 13.2% to a 13.3%. And that's on a, essentially, a flat comp, and that's against the 14.0% last year. So there's some deleverage, given that we plan the comp flat. That's said, obviously, if we can beat that comp, then there's an opportunity to maintain the margin. So that's the all-in. As I mentioned, bottom line, we're planning a 10.4% to 10.7% on a pretax against 10.6% last year, and that's on 1% to 2% comp. So we're planning it down 20 to up 10 [basis points] on a 1% to 2% for the year. So we remain comfortable with that. That's essentially the same guidance that we gave you at year end.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And the German business continues to be a drag on the European business, as in, not yet breakeven?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think for the year, we, right now, we would project it slightly below breakeven.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Montagna. [Avondale Partners]
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: Quick question, just about marketing. You mentioned increasing your marketing spend this year. Is that also going to include Europe? And are you talking about an increase in dollars or a percent to total sales? And what exactly are you looking to increase?
Carol Meyrowitz: Mark, its about 10 basis points across the board. So we are getting a little bit more aggressive. Most of that is going to be Q4 driven, because we have a whole initiative going on there that we're pretty excited about. We learned a lot last year in terms of network TV. We learned a lot that we think will also help Europe, as well as Canada. So we're going to be continuing to accelerate some of those things that we tried last year that we think we have some pretty good numbers.
Jeffrey Naylor: If the other -- just the other comment there, if I could jump in. A.J. Wright consolidation really helps in terms of marketing because, in essence, we've got 90 stores that contribute marketing dollars. And so we were able to increase the Marmaxx and the HomeGoods budgets in line with the sales that we're getting from those converted stores, which gives them more money to spend. That's all -- it's about leveraging, right. So that -- there's a benefit to advertising as well.
Operator: Our next question is Paul Lejuez. [Nomura Securities]
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just wondering if you could maybe talk about merchandise margins by division for the quarter. And also just wondering, Jeff, what was going on in the corporate overhead line?
Jeffrey Naylor: Can we handle?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, go ahead.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. So merchandise margins, if you look at them by division in the quarter -- maybe I'll just break out the gross profit margins. So the G -- gross profit margin was down 40 [basis points], 30 of that was mark-to-market. So of the remaining 10 basis points decline, we did get some B&O leverage. So our overall merchandise margins were down in that 30 to 40 basis point range, Paul, and the majority of that was Europe. We actually had a little bit of an increase at HomeGoods, a little bit of a decrease, really slight decrease to flat at Marmaxx and a small decrease at Canada. So it's really -- the merchandise margin was really about Europe deleveraging almost 300 basis points. And again, our view is on the merchandise market. And our view is that, that will, as we go forward through Q2 and Q -- the back half, we start coming up against similar kind of decreases. So we think there's an opportunity, given the content and the turn we're seeing in the business and the level of a markdown that we had LY. That's a big part of what's driving the improvement in that business and in our forecast. Your second question?
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Corporate overhead.
Carol Meyrowitz: Paul, are you asking if that's lower?
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: No, corporate overhead was up a bunch this quarter. Just wondering what was behind that?
Jeffrey Naylor: On margins, Paul asked -- you're asking about Q2 on the margins, right, Paul?
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Correct.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, okay. So yes. So I think if you look at the expenses, I think the thing to call out here is that the G&A rates were up 70 basis points in Q1. The factors that drove it were deleveraged from Europe, the expense timing, as we absorb talent and other costs from A.J. And we're basically running at full staffing right now, so we have no vacancy. Typically, at any point in time you're going to have 2%, 3% of your headcount will be open. Right now, we have no vacancy, and we've been building a bench. We used some of the A.J. talent to build the bench, which we think is smart for the future. We also didn't have the full quarter of sales from the conversion stores, which impacts our expense ratio. So that's really what's driving the G&A rate. I think the other thing is to call out, and I get to corporate expenses, but the other thing to call out is again the G&A we're seeing for the full year, up 10 basis points to up 20 on a 1% to 2%, which is in line with our model. And 10 basis points of that deleverage is coming from advertising. So we think, overall, as we look at the year, we feel very comfortable with our G&A and our G&A leverage. So what about corporate expenses? Well, obviously, you have some geography here where we have some expenses that are hitting corporate. The first is on the talent, the headcount, the bench, much of that cost is hitting corporate. Some of this is related to initiatives. Carol talked about e-com and building a team there, we have TJX University that we're aggressively using to teach people going forward, building a bench, that's all hitting corporate. We also had about $6 million of onetime items. The largest of which was a write-off that -- we moved one of our buying offices and there -- a lease write-off. It was a movement within the city, but it was still a new premise that allowed us to expand to accommodate the growth. And then finally, we have some costs in corporate that are related to our data center. We're in the process of moving our data center. We have a data center that's many years old, and we're in the process of replacing it and there's some costs. And we'll see those as we go through the year. But all this, candidly, is all baked into the guidance that we've given you on G&A for both Q2, the back half and the full year.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Got you.
Carol Meyrowitz: And in terms of the university, we are funding both for Europe, so that we have teachers in Europe, and the United States and Canada. And this is all what we think is very positive for the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Marni Shapiro. [The Retail Tracker]
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I have one quick question. Can you give us an update on the Cube and the Runway? How they're doing here? And if there's a possibility -- it seems, just from store checks, that the merchandise there in those areas are very picked over all the time, and very shopped. So I guess is there an opportunity to expand them within -- putting it mildly. Is there an opportunity to expand them within the stores they exist? And then I was also curious if you have a similar aspect of this in Europe.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we do. We have Gold Label in Europe, which is pretty similar to the Runway, which is doing quite well. And in terms of being picked over, that's, I guess, music to my years, because it means that we're turning very quickly. Our junior business is very strong, and our Cube is working very well. It's in every Marshalls store. Do we have more upside? We probably do. And the Runway, we're careful that they are in our top, top stores. And as we do get access to more merchandise, sometimes we'll take a store out of it and shift it to another store. But we'll continue to grow that, but very slowly. But we do want to have flow.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Right, makes sense. And then can you also give us a quick update on some of the accessories business, like handbags and personal care, which I see flex up and down depending on the time of the year and the store?
Carol Meyrowitz: Both those areas are doing very well.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Excellent.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Black. [Citigroup]
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: Just two quickies. On the pricing environment outside of packaway, what are we seeing? And then what is the packaway inventory? Is it winter stuff that gets unleashed this coming winter? Is it spring '12 that gets unleashed in spring '12? Any clarity on that?
Carol Meyrowitz: Packaway is really throughout the seasons. So some of it is planned. It'll be coming at fairly current, and some of it is for October and November. So it really varies. And that's part of the increase in the store commitments, so it's really laid out by month. In terms of pricing, the pricing environment, as I said before, our ticket remains pretty flat to very slightly up, and we're just seeing fantastic deals. So we just keep looking at it and saying we want great, great value for the consumers. So we're just taking advantage of the environment, quite frankly.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin. [RBC Capital Markets]
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a quick question on in-store inventories. Can you tell us roughly how much they're down versus last year, and what the opportunities to maybe reduce them further going forward?
Carol Meyrowitz: They're closer to mid-digits down. And each year, we take a look at that. So we have some opportunities by division. And again, when I talked about the investment in terms of our systems and supply chain and that will be over probably a 2- to 3-year period of time. That hopefully, we'll be able to take advantage of that and further out, utilize the things that we do manually and, again, be able to reduce the inventory level and maximize the sales by store.
Operator: Our next question is from David Weiner. [Deutsche Bank] [Operator Instructions] We'll move on to the next question. Our next question is from Patrick McKeever. [MKM Partners]
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: What was the final split in terms of the A.J. Wright conversions between T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods? It looks like maybe just a handful of HomeGoods stores, and then the balance would've been kind of 1/2 and 1/2 T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. Just wondering if that was the case.
Carol Meyrowitz: HomeGoods store?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, 74 and 16.
Carol Meyrowitz: 74 and 16.
Jeffrey Naylor: So 74 Marmaxx and 16 HomeGoods.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: So what was the split in within Marmaxx and T.J. versus Marshalls?
Carol Meyrowitz: It was pretty, pretty similar.
Jeffrey Naylor: We don't have that here, maybe a few more Marshalls but not...
Carol Meyrowitz: A few more Marshalls but not many. It was pretty close to 50/50, might've been 60/40.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: And then just a related question. How many vendors were you doing -- how many vendors did you stop doing business with when you -- with the shutdown of the A.J. Wright change. I mean, is that a big number?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, it's not a big number. But we don't discuss vendors.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: But I'm just curious with the continued growth in the number of vendors, I was just wondering if the -- it's at 14,000. I'm just wondering if the A.J. Wright vendors would've -- the unique A.J. Wright vendors would've represented a big number now that the...
Carol Meyrowitz: I can tell you that the unique A.J. Wright vendors were taking full advantage. And some of the things that worked in A.J. Wright, we have kept it in some of our other stores. And there are areas, vendors, categories, items that have done very well, that we're taking full advantage of it in the Marmaxx chain. So again, as I said before, we're just learning a lot. And so we're just hoping that this opportunity just keeps growing and growing. We're seeing some interesting results, but it's very early, very early on.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: Got it, got it. Okay, well, the converted stores look great to me. So it looked like real home runs.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. We're happy with them.
Operator: Our next question is from Laura Champine. [Cowen and Company]
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just had a question about the gross margin guidance. Implied in the back half, have you modeled for product cost increases, or is the way you buy this so different from full priced that it won't touch you?
Carol Meyrowitz: Your second is correct.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, I think -- again, much of what we buy, we buy close to the time it's in our stores. So we really have the kind of flexibility to respond to markets. And I think the evidence of that is if you go back to the fourth quarter 2008 post-Lehman, our merchandise margin was almost flat. I think we were down 10 basis points. So this shows the ability of our business to course-correct and take advantage of opportunities and respond real time to what the market's giving us and telling us. So I think we haven't priced in any margin compression.
Carol Meyrowitz: And we are more open to buying than we were a year ago. So we actually have more liquidity.
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes. That said, we also haven't priced in any -- if you look at the margin guidance and our guidance, we haven't -- we have assume sort of a flat to maybe very slight increase in the average ticket. So I -- we think we've been appropriately -- appropriate in our -- in the assumptions we've made about the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone, and we look forward to reporting on our second quarter. Thank you again.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - Chief Executive Officer and Director Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President of Global Communications Ernie Herrman - President Jeffrey Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Stacy Pak - Prudential Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer for the TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Holly. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Sherry has some comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2010. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise, without prior consent of TJX, is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release in the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. In addition, we have posted in that section reconciliations of guidance with respect to non-GAAP measures to guidance on a GAAP basis. Thank you and I'll turn it back to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call is Ernie Herrman, whom as you know was promoted as President of TJX last month. It's terrific to have Ernie take on a bigger role with the company. I couldn't be more pleased with this new management structure, which further strengthens our leadership team to continue to grow TJX successfully. Also joining me with Ernie and Sherry is Jeff Naylor.  I'm proud to report that we delivered a 23% increase in adjusted EPS in 2010, particularly because it was on top of an adjusted 48% increase in the previous year. This marks the 15th consecutive year of EPS increases. We drove this profit growth on a 4% annual comp increase over a very strong 6% increase last year. What continues to give this company the ability to post these increases year after year in good, bad and in-between times and even over very tough comparisons is the extraordinarily flexibility of our business model.  One of the most impactful ways we used our flexibility in 2010 was to run with leaner inventories than we ever have in the past. This gave us fast returns and growth in merchandise margins over large increases the year before. We believe that there is still room for further improvement in running with even leaner inventory, as well as fine-tuning our shipping of the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We will continue to invest significantly in our infrastructure for both the short and the long term.  In addition, our customer traffic was up mid-single digits over huge increases last year, as our great brands and values continue to attract new and existing customers. This tells us that whether we are in recessionary times or recovery, value remains a constant top-of-mind priority with consumers.  I will keep my comments brief today. I'll focus on the sustainability of our strong top and bottom line growth, as well as our long-term vision to grow as a global off-price retailer. Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap our full year and fourth quarter results.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Again, I want to emphasize that we will be referring to adjusted results throughout today's presentation. Reconciliations between GAAP reported and adjusted results are provided in today's release, and are also on our website.  So now to recap full year fiscal 2011 results. Net sales reached $21.9 billion, which is an 8% increase over last year. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4% on top of last year's very strong 6% increase. The growth, as Carol mentioned, was driven entirely by continued growth in transactions with the average ticket down slightly for the year.  Adjusted earnings per share were $3.49, which is a 23% increase over last year's adjusted 48% increase and this underscores the sustainability of our profit growth even over challenging comparisons. Foreign currency rates positively impacted full year EPS by $0.02 this past year, compared with a neutral impact the year before that.  Consolidated pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis was a 10.6%, and that represents a 100 basis point increase over the prior year. This increase is primarily due to significant improvement in gross profit margins, which were up 90 basis points on an adjusted basis due to strong merchandise margin growth as well as buying and occupancy costs leverage. Pretax profit margins also benefited from SG&A expense leverage, which improved 10 basis points on an adjusted basis.  As the inventories at the end of the fourth quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses were up a 4% versus a 10% decrease last year. As we have discussed in our recent monthly sales calls, per store inventory levels are impacted by higher levels of pack-away this year compared to last, which reflect some great opportunities for branded goods at the end of this year. It's important to note that pack-away still represents a relatively small portion of our overall inventory, less than 10%, and that we planned our per store inventory levels to be down again us of the end of this coming year. And we're also, obviously, very comfortable with our open to buy position, which continues to be in great shape as we enter the spring season.  In terms of share repurchases for the year, we bought back $1.2 billion of TJX stock, retiring 27.6 million shares. During the fourth quarter, we bought back $355 billion of TJX stock, retiring 7.9 million shares.  Now I'll recap the fourth quarter results. Net sales were $6.3 billion, that's a 7% increase over last year, and our consolidated comps were up 2% over last year's very strong 12% increase. Adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.5, which is a 12% increase on top of last year's 104% adjusted increase. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates on year-over-year comparisons were neutral in the fourth quarter.  And then finally, our consolidated pretax profit margin on an adjusted basis was 11.2%, which represents a 50 basis point increase over last year, and on top of last year's 440 basis point adjusted increase. This increase was due -- the 50 basis points this year was due to continued improvement in gross profit margins, which were up 30 basis points on an adjusted basis, with the balance of the improvement coming from SG&A expense leverage.  So that's it for the wrap up on the numbers this year. Let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll come back at the end of the call to recap first quarter and full year fiscal '12 guidance.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. The major themes I would like to highlight today are the sustainability of our strong top and bottom line growth and how we are in an even stronger position today to achieve our long-term plans for global growth.  Beginning with sustainability. Clearly, as I've mentioned, our strong fourth quarter and full year 2010 performance demonstrates the power of our off-price model to deliver year-over-year growth on top of challenging comparisons. I'd like to highlight some of the elements that led to our success in 2010 that we believe will continue to benefit us.  Let me begin with why I believe TJX will continue to be a retailer of choice for consumers. First, throughout 2010 and as we enter 2011, customer traffic continued to be up, significant increases over the prior year, which we believe indicates that value continues to be uppermost in the consumer's mind.  Second, our more powerful marketing is working and driving customer traffic to our stores. Our U.S. network TV push was very successful in the fourth quarter. In 2011, our ads will continue to reach out even more aggressively to consumers who have not yet shopped our stores, there's plenty of them, and emphasizing the great fashion and value that we have to offer. Third, we saw sales lift in our 700 neatly modeled Marmaxx stores in 2010 and we'll continue our aggressive store upgrade program across the company to enhance customer shopping experience and drive sales. In 2011, we expect to do about 350 across all our banners, which is about what we did last year. Fourth, we continue to open vendor doors in 2010 and now source from a universe of over 14,000 vendors. Our vast vendor universe allows us to offer customers better brands, more excitement and continuous freshness.  There's a plentiful marketplace out there, and we see many exciting opportunities for 2011. In the same way we are a retailer of choice for consumers as we expand our global sourcing, grow our store base and build mutually beneficial relationships, we're also a retailer of choice for vendors. As long as we continue to offer the combination of great brands, fashion, quality and values that we do and continue to execute, we believe consumers will not only continue to choose our stores, but new customers will turn to shopping the TJX brand. In fact, that's what our customer research is telling us.  Now let's move to running with even leaner inventories and our further opportunity to improve our supply chain, a major factor in our confidence in sustaining our top and bottom line strength. In the last two years, we have made significant improvements in our supply chain, which has enabled us to reduce inventory, which we've operated the business to historically low levels. As we run even leaner, we are turning inventories faster, buying closer to need and driving even more excitement to our stores. This has reduced markdowns, leading to sequential improvement in merchandise margin. I believe that we can continue to reduce our inventory levels, and we are investing in our supply chain to run even faster and even better.  Over the next few years, we have meaningful opportunities to become more precise in getting the right goods to the right stores at the right time. In addition, we will continue our cost-cutting initiative. In 2010, we exceeded our plan to reduce costs. And in 2011, we are again planning cost reductions in the $50 million to $75 million range, which will help protect our profit margin and offset other cost increases.  The second major theme that I want to highlight is our outlook for successful long-term global growth. I believe that our actions in 2010 position us even more strongly to prioritize our most profitable businesses, all of which have major store growth potential. I am certain that our decision to consolidate A.J. Wright, while a very difficult run because it affected so many people, was the right action for TJX as a whole. This move significantly improves our economic prospects in the near and long-term and enables us to focus our managerial and financial resources on fewer, larger businesses with higher returns.  To recap the key points, as we convert A.J. Wright stores and lever the efficiencies of our more profitable banners, we expect the benefit to earnings to grow. We expect the move will negatively impact EPS in the first quarter with an increasing benefit over the last three quarters of 2011, and that we will see the full benefit to annual earnings in 2012. In subsequent years, we expect the annual beneficial benefit will be even greater as sales in our converted stores grow.  Now, I'll review how we're prioritizing growth. In 2011, our plans call for growing square footage by 4% or netting 115 stores, excluding the A.J. Wright closing. This is slightly less than our original plan for 2011, reflecting our slowing the pace of growth in Europe a bit, which I'll discuss in a moment. At the same time, we are investing in Marmaxx, HomeGoods and TJX Canada, which are all achieving consistently strong performance.  Let's talk about Marmaxx, which delivered another outstanding year in 2010. Comps increased 4% over last year's exceptionally strong 7% increase and segment profit was up 18% over record results last year. With Marmaxx outperforming our expectations once again, we will maintain the higher level of new store openings that we established in 2010. Long term, we believe Marmaxx has the potential to grow to 2,300 to 2,400 stores, which is 300 to 400 more stores than we originally envisioned. Over the past two years, we have widened our customer demographic reach significantly and T.J. Maxx and Marshalls have been very successful in markets with similar demographics to A.J. Wright. This gives us confidence in our increased expectation for Marmaxx's long-term store growth prospects. I should note that we have excellent visibility into the level of cannibalization from new Marmaxx stores and are achieving solid ROIs after reflecting that effect.  HomeGoods also had a terrific year in 2010, achieving strong sales and profit increases over record results in the prior year. With HomeGoods' consistent performance, we also see opportunities to expand this store chain beyond our previous thinking. We will pick up the pace of growth in 2011 and over time believe that we can nearly double the number of HomeGoods stores to at least 600. It's worth noting that many home businesses with higher average tickets in HomeGoods are close to or over 1,000 stores.  TJX Canada had an excellent year in 2010 as well. We are very excited about bringing Marshalls to Canada this spring. We achieved our highest returns in Canada, so we are thrilled to launch another vehicle for growth in that country. We are opening our first stores in the Toronto area in March and long-term, see the potential for Marshalls to be 90 to 100 store chain in Canada. And overall, we expect TJX Canada's long-term store growth potential to be around 425.  Now to TJX Europe. We were disappointed with the TJX Europe's results in 2010. But I can assure you that in the short term, we are very focused on getting this position back on track. With 54 store openings in Europe and the complexities of adding a new country in 2010, we lost our focus on execution. When this happens, inevitably, we give up some of our value proposition and our customers see it. This is exactly what happened at TJX Europe. So in 2011, we are slowing the pace of growth in Europe to give our team time to refocus on the basics of our off-price model: Great brands, great fashion, great quality and great value.  We are also strengthening our European organization with some TJX veterans. Further, through our TJX University, we are leveraging the knowledge of seasoned TJXers across the company to teach the new talent in our buying right. Our expectation is that we will begin to see progress in this business towards the end of the first half, with greater improvement in the second half when TJX Europe typically earns the vast majority of its profit.  There is no doubt in my mind that we will get this business back on track this year. When we have stumbled at other businesses in the past, we have fixed them and I am confident that we will fix this one too. It's worth noting that TJX Europe has been on a successful 15-year trajectory through the first quarter of last year. I would like to make it perfectly clear that we are as confident in our long-term growth opportunities in Europe as we ever were. Further, I believe we were right to have taken advantage of the European real estate opportunities that we had in 2010. I am convinced that the stores we opened in Europe last year will benefit our company in the long term. The competitive landscape in Europe is fertile ground for us, and we continue to believe it holds enormous growth potential for TJX. Long term, we see the potential for TJX Europe to grow to 750 to 875 stores in just our current European markets and many more beyond.  Wrapping up our long-term growth, we see TJX growing from 2,700 stores today to over 4,300 stores long term. We are also investing in our infrastructure for both the short and the long term, and believe we have enormous future growth in front of us.  In terms of our financial plans for 2010, we'll continue to plan conservatively as we did in 2010. At the same time, I can assure you that this management team is motivated to surpass those goals as we have done successfully many times. Jeff will provide details on our guidance in a moment.  Before I sum up, I want to briefly mention how we see the current retail environment playing into our strengths. We all know that there's a lot of confusion out there about forcing and pricing. Historically, disruptions in the marketplace have benefited our business by creating great off-priced opportunities. We entered the first quarter with very liquid inventories, which affords us the flexibility to respond quickly to market trends. If the retail-pricing umbrella rises, we have an opportunity to raise our average ticket while maintaining our value gap and drive merchandise margin. If other retailers do not pass costs on to consumers, we've proven our ability to buy right, remain under the pricing umbrella and sustain merchandise margin. Either way, we will watch the market around us and adjust and believe that for us, the net result of the product pricing issues will be positive for us.  Summing up, our strong top and bottom line performance in 2010 demonstrates, once again, the power and flexibility of our off-price model to deliver consistent growth in both weak and strong environments. As we begin a new year, we have great opportunities and I am convinced that our strong sales trends and profits are sustainable. I believe that value is more important than ever in the consumer's mind. We see ourselves as a sourcing machine with a vast vendor universe. This affords us enormous flexibility to capitalize on disruptions in the marketplace and shift categories swiftly as consumers' tastes change. Our marketing is driving new customers to our stores and our upgraded shopping experience keeping them coming back. We are running our stores with even leaner inventors and turning them even faster, which leads to exciting selections and higher merchandise margin. We are offering consumers great brands, fashion, quality and value. It is this combination of elements that I believe position us to continue to be a retailer of choice.  As we work to achieve our goals, I'm very pleased with our exceptionally strong management team. In addition to Ernie taking on a larger role, Michael MacMillan and Nan Stutz have also been promoted and are now Group President. They join Jeff, Jerry Rossi and Paul Sweetenham as Senior Executive Vice President. With a management team with many decades of combined retail experience and years of working well together, I'm confident that TJX will grow to be a $30 billion and then a $40 billion company.  Now, I'll turn the call back to Jeff to go over guidance and then we'll take questions.
Jeffrey Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Before I get into the guidance for fiscal 2012, let me iterate our continued confidence in our three-year growth outlook, which calls for compound EPS growth of 10% to 13%. This remains unchanged from our prior outlook.  As you can see from today's release, we provided fiscal 2012 guidance on both a GAAP basis and an adjusted basis, and the adjusted basis excludes the impact of the A.J. Wright closing, the costs we're going to incur to convert and rebrand open 90 A.J. Wright stores to other banners and the impact of a nonoperating item in fiscal 2011 [ph].  So all the details of this adjusted guidance, along with the related reconciliations to GAAP financial information, can be found in the table in the Investors section of our website, www.tjx.com. That's up there right now, and I encourage you to, sometime today, as you march through the guidance to look at these. And I'm going to speak to the adjusted numbers in my remarks today, because we think those best represent the underlying trends in our business.  So let me turn to fiscal 2012 full year guidance. For fiscal 2012, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $3.78 to $3.93, and this represents an 8% to 13% increase over the adjusted $3.49 in EPS in fiscal 2011. Our EPS guidance assumes consolidated top line sales of about $22.6 billion to $22.8 billion and a consolidated comp store sales increase in the 1% to 2% range on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group.  For the year, we expect adjusted pretax profit margins to be 10.4% to 10.7%. This represents a 20 basis point decrease to a 10 basis point increase over the adjusted fiscal 2011 pretax profit margin of 10.6%, and it's a little better than we'd expect, given the 1% to 2% comp increase. We are planning adjusted gross profit margins to be 27.1% to 27.3%, which is flat to up 20 basis points over the adjusted 27.1% in fiscal 2011. This improvement is primarily due to merchandise margins, which we are planning slightly up as we continue to reduce inventories and drive faster turns.  We expect adjusted SG&A to be 16.4% to 16.5% as a percent of sales versus the adjusted 16.3% in fiscal 2011. This represents 10 to 20 basis points of deleverage and that's about what we would expect on a 1% or 2% comp.  Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, are expected to add approximately $0.02 to full year EPS growth. For modeling purposes, we're planning net interest expense in the $40 million to $42 million, a tax rate of 38.1%, which is consistent with fiscal 2011, and a weighted average share count of 386 million shares.  Capital is planned in the $800 million to $825 million range and we are planning to buyback at approximately $1.2 billion. The increase in capital spending is driven primarily by a greater number of remodels, which includes investments to convert former A.J. Wright stores to their new banners. It also includes replacement of the company's existing data center, as well as additional distribution capacity.  We anticipate our cash balance at the end of 2012 after this increased capital spending and increased shareholder distributions to be approximately $1.5 billion, which provides significant financial flexibility.  Now let me turn to Q1 guidance. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.82, a 6% decrease to a 3% increase over last year's very strong $0.80 per share, which in turn represented a 63% increase over the prior year.  In addition to challenging year-over-year comparisons, there are several other factors that impact the first quarter. First, we are planning further deleverage from our European business, as Q1 was the strongest quarter for Europe last year. Second, for the majority of the first quarter, we will not have the benefit of sales from the A.J. Wright conversion stores, and this impacts expense ratios and our bottom line in the first quarter. Finally, we will run with heavier headcount earlier in the year as we absorb talent from A.J. Wright into our businesses.  So combined, these factors represent about 50 to 60 basis points of deleverage in the first quarter, but will moderate as the year progresses. In contrast, today's guidance implies adjusted EPS growth for the second through the fourth quarters, so for the balance of the year, up 12% to 15%. And it also implies adjusted pretax margin improvement for the balance of the year of 10 to 30 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp for that period. So we view the Q1 guidance as being heavily impacted by the timing issues that I discussed.  Now with some details in Q1 guidance. We're assuming a first quarter top line in the $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion range. This is based on comp sales in the range of down one to up two on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group on top of last year's very strong 9% and 10% increases, respectively. As the monthly comps for February, we are planning comp sales increases of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and 3% at the Marmaxx Group on top of last year's increases of 10% and 11%, respectively. So the year is off to a strong start.  For the combined March-April period, we are planning on comps in the range of down one to up one on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx over last year's very strong 9% increases at both. This year, the March-April period is impacted by the Easter shift, with this holiday falling in April this year, compared with the March selling period of last year. Consequently in March, we're planning comps to decrease 2% to 4% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. In April, we are planning on comp increases of 2% to 4% on both a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx.  For the first quarter, adjusted pretax profit margins are planned in the 9.5% to 10.1% range, and that's down 60 to 120 basis points over the prior year. At the high-end of the range, the decline in adjusted pretax profit margin of 60 basis points is adversely impacted 50 to 60 basis points by the factors I mentioned earlier. So those factors really explain the decline in the pretax profit margin at the high-end of the range.  At the low-end of the range, the decline is driven by these factors as well as deleverage from the 1% comp decrease. We're anticipating first quarter adjusted gross margin in the range of 26.8% to 27.2%, down 10 to 15 basis points versus prior year, primarily due to buying and occupancy deleverage, which is about what you'd expect on the up two to down 1% comp sales guidance.  We're expecting adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in the 16.9% to 17.1% range, up 50 to 70 basis points versus prior year. Again, this is due entirely to the factors mentioned earlier. Although at the low end, there are obviously some deleverage on the negative 1% comp.  As a reminder, full year SG&A rates are expected to deleverage only slightly on a one to two comps. So again, this is principally a timing matter. For modeling purposes in the first quarter, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.1% and net interest expense to be in the $10 million to $11 million range. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately $393 million.  So I'll wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal 2012. There's a lot going on here, so let me break down the components. We entered fiscal 2012 with 2,859 stores. We have since closed the remaining 142 A.J. Wright stores and we'll reopen and 90 of these as Marmaxx and HomeGoods stores. 81 of these 90 conversions will be incremental to the store count, with nine of these representing relocations of existing Marmaxx stores. We will also add 115 net new stores during the year. So between conversion stores and new stores, we will add 196 stores on a consolidated basis, ending the year with an estimated at 2,913 stores. This represents 2% square footage growth on a reported basis, but 4% if we adjust for the A.J. Wright closed stores.  One final comment. In the past, we provided and discussed the detailed divisional breakdown of our guidance for the current quarter, but have not provided it for the full year. Going forward, we intend to discuss the detailed divisional model for the full year with investors in the street, as we think this provides useful insights into the growth and economics of our individual businesses. That said, we will no longer provide this divisional detail for the current quarter, as we already provide guidance for all the P&L elements and we'd like to keep our conversations more strategic.  We will now open it up to questions and ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. To keep the call on schedule, we're going to continue to enforce our one question limit and we appreciate your cooperation. Thanks, and we'll open it up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Kimberly Greenberger [Morgan Stanley].
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Carol, I'm wondering if you can take a look at Europe. I know that you're taking a pause in the growth rate there this year. But how do you envision the path back to the appropriate operating margin structure throughout the year this year? And how would you think about reaccelerating the growth? What would you like to see out of the business before you tried to do that?
Carol Meyrowitz: So Kimberly, we obviously stubbed our toes and I can reiterate it in terms of we grew too fast and complexities. We had 57 stores and opening new countries and a fairly new talent -- a team that needed a lot of learnings in terms of time in their jobs. So I feel at this point, we've slowed the growth. I think we are building our foundation and making it much stronger. We're much more country focused in terms of getting the right fashion to the right country. We've injected strong veterans of high levels and given people smaller jobs so that they can have time in jobs. We're really levering the corporation. So I see this year as I think we're going to -- towards the back half and towards the end of the first half, I think we're going to see some terrific progress. And I think that we're doing the right thing by slowing the store count down. And my gut is, by the end of next year, we're going start to feel pretty good and look at next year to start accelerating it.
Jeffrey Naylor: Kimberly, just to expand on that a little bit. We think we planned Europe relatively conservatively this year. We're planning a two to three comp for the full year on top of a minus 3% last year. And we think if we achieve that, we'll have a profit margin back up to the 4.5% to 5% range versus 3% last year, but also versus a peak of over 7%, which by the way at that time the U.K. was almost 9%, so we're starting to make some progress. We're planning some progress candidly, not as much as we hoped to achieve this year into the numbers. The store count for this year for Europe is up 27 stores, significantly below where we've run the last couple. And I think to Carol's point, I think we need to see a little bit more before we make a decision on the reacceleration.
Carol Meyrowitz: The real key is the team is getting a lot more solid and we have three very high level executives that are now in the business that weren't there a year ago, which is, I think, going to make a very big difference. So again, we don't have to push these buttons too hard. We got time. We'll fix it. And we didn't have too dissimilar an issue with HomeGoods years ago. So I believe we will come back roaring, and we're going to take this year carefully.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Pak.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Question for you, I guess, on the whole marketing side of things, Carol. I was hoping that you could expand on what you're seeing in your customer research findings, particularly with regard to attracting new customers. And if you want to share at all, kind of what you are seeing in existing customers. And also within that, can you comment, Jeff, on the advertising dollars or percent plans in '11? And if there's any big changes by quarter and maybe weave in TV.
Carol Meyrowitz: So, Stacy, our dollars are not way up, but our impressions are. And we're fairly aggressive in the first quarter in that we will be on Network TV that we weren't on a year ago. And we have a fairly aggressive plan in terms of things that we learned last fourth quarter for our December Gift-Giving business, which will get us a lot more pointed. And I think we have a terrific program again for the back half. So our customer research is very clearly telling us that our customers -- our new customers like shopping us. New customers are planning on coming back. We keep increasing the percent of new customers and reaching out into the universe. It's just that we still have an enormous, enormous percentage out there that we haven't tapped yet. But our messages are getting out there very loud and clear and our educational message is getting out there. So the positive news is when they get into the stores, they want to come back and that's very clear. So I think we have a lot of growth rate in the future. So we're pretty excited about it.
Operator: Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Carol, this is the first time in a long time that we're living through an inflationary environment from a cost perspective. What do you think needs to change about how you run your business, if anything? And then maybe just, specifically, does your mix in upfront versus in-season buys need to change in this new environment?
Carol Meyrowitz: So I'll start with absolutely not. Our business model does not have to change. We are in a fabulous, liquid position. And as I said, it's usually the gap between us and everyone else. Ernie, you have some insight to this also as we're all dealing with these increases in prices?
Ernie Herrman: Well, I would say, and I think Carol alluded to it further in the script, the model of our business has generally worked for us in the past. Any time there is like unknown or confusion in the market, that usually works to our advantage. So our goal is really simply to show relative value, better value relative to the competition. If during that, by the way, the average ticket goes up, well as long as we're still offering better relative value, I think that's only good for us as well. But again, because of our opportunistic business model, I don't think we need to change anything. And I think when the environment changes like that, it usually bodes well for us.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Moving to a lot of retailers managing inventory units down, does it need to change when you order goods in terms of upfront versus in-season? Waiting for in-season?
Ernie Herrman: Well, you know, first half all, and this usually comes out in a different question. Availability is not an issue. If anything, we're having to hold the merchants back from buying too much too soon. I don't see that pattern changing amidst this whole pricing discussion that's going to be in the marketplace. So I would say we'll just stay the course and maintain the relative value. I don't see our upfront, closeout percentages or any of that happening to be toyed with to any significant degree.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Paul. The increase in our inventories today is really strictly some pack-away deals, which were just great brands. Last year, we were lean on pack-aways. But we're still in the same percentage. So that's really the only difference in the inventory. We're just as open to buy as we were a year ago. We're actually a little bit even more open. So we're in a great position.
Operator: Evren Kopelman [Wells Fargo Securities].
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you talk about the 115 net new store additions? Which divisions will they be in? How many Marmaxx in there? Also along -- within that of the ones you are converting from A.J. Wright, do you plan to merchandise them differently from a core Marmaxx, maybe more comparable to the urban brands that A.J. Wright was carrying, or are they going to look more comparable to your average Marmaxx?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, first of all, I'll have Jeff run through the numbers. But in terms of the conversion, we have an overlay of many stores that live in that demographic. We know -- we're very clear on how to merchandise those stores, so we're pretty comfortable. Our mix will say similar. We do not have the same mix in every store in Marmaxx. And this is all part of what we strive in terms of getting the right goods to the right store at the right time, and focusing on enhancing our supply chain. That all comes around that messaging and the dollars that we're putting into systems is all about improving that. So we have many stores, again, that overlap, so we're pretty clear on what that needs to be. And Jeff, you want to break down the stores?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, so we have a 115 new stores, that's 1-1-5. In terms of the store openings, we have 51 planned for Marmaxx, and that compares to 50 last year. So we're maintaining a very similar place at Marmaxx as we've been on. HomeGoods, we have 22 stores. And last year, we opened 13 net. So we're accelerating the pace at HomeGoods. We think that's appropriate given the terrific performance out of that division, strong comps, strong profit and just really phenomenal performance. In Canada, we have 15 stores. Last year, we had seven. The primary driver there, obviously, is opening Marshalls -- with Marshalls opening this year that's driving a little higher store count in Canada. Very happy about that, since Canada is our highest return business. So happy to be investing in that country. And then in Europe, we have 27 new stores versus 54 last year. Breaking that down for you, 10 are in the U.K., 10 are in Poland and seven are in Germany. So that's the break down on the new store count. And obviously, we retain flexibility to do more if we choose to do so, and a lot of that Canada, just depends upon real estate opportunities in North America.
Operator: Adrianne Shapira [Goldman Sachs Group].
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My question is how you mentioned the first being really discussed the sustainability of your results. And it seems as if you're confident of that ongoing merchandise margin expansion with inventory turn continuing to improve. So it seems as if, looking at the average turn, doesn't really tell the whole story on the opportunity. Jeff, perhaps you could share with us differences across the divisions to give us the confidence that there's more room to improve and where we can learn from those divisions that are turning faster and what some of those lessons are.
Carol Meyrowitz: Adrianne, I'm going to turn over to Jeff in a minute. But part of it comes again back to shipping the right goods to the right store at the right time and your freshness percentages. There is a lot of detail in this. And that helps lean up the inventory and drive sales harder. So Jeff will go through by division, but as we get better and better at that, we don't know how low we can go or how quickly as we increase this supply chain to get the stores faster in number of deliveries. So it's going to change over time, and we're going to keep learning more. Jeff?
Jeffrey Naylor: I think overall for TJX, our store turns have improved significantly over the last two years. And I think, when you peel it back, Adrianne, what you see is that we've taken the inventories down more aggressively at our smaller divisions because, obviously, in the larger division you want to be very careful. And so, I think if you looked at it, you'll still see fairly meaningful variances between our smaller divisions and our largest division, Marmaxx. So I think when you look at that, that suggests that there's still opportunity. We're going to continue to, obviously, be very, very careful on it because we don't want to sacrifice sales and profit for turn, but we do believe that there's opportunity in them. The other thing that I should point is that none of this is plugged into the model. So if you look at our three-year model, we talked about hitting 10% to 13% growth. We are plugging merchandise margin improvement into that. So that would be upside to the model were we able to achieve that.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Could you talk about what some of those meaningful variances are? Give us a ballpark in terms of what the differences are?
Jeffrey Naylor: No, we'd rather not be public on that.
Ernie Herrman: Adrianne, I just wanted to jump in for a second and say that I think in Canada, which again, I've become pretty familiar with over the last couple of years, I think there's still opportunity out there. As Jeff alluded to, a couple of the business is Marmaxx in Canada. I think we have opportunity to lean up a little further over the next couple of years and make improvements on the markets -- merchandise margins.
Operator: Brian Tunick [JP Morgan Chase].
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Ike calling in for Brian. I wanted to ask a question on the A.J. Wright convergence to Marmaxx. When we think about those stores that are converting to the Marmaxx format, how should we think about the profitability of those locations? I guess, meaning, could they earn similar Marmaxx four-wall profitability despite their real estate?
Carol Meyrowitz: Absolutely. They should and they will. We put in the right cannibalization factors. We're probably going to start out being conservative. But we have no doubt that they should, because we already have stores in the those demographics that clearly have very strong operating income.
Jeffrey Naylor: And when you look at the four-wall contribution of Marmaxx stores that are already in those demographics, it's very similar to the Marmaxx, overall four-wall contributions. So I think for the individual stores, we're looking for similar profit dynamics as we would in base Marmaxx stores.
Operator: Todd Slater [Lazard Capital Markets].
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I guess my question, Carol, is as you move to more pack-aways, if you could give us sort of an order of magnitude. It sounds like maybe you can go from single digits now more to your low double digits or something. And if so, what are the implications on inventory currency and relevancy on markdowns? Because in the past, your decreased impact rates has self improved, but the turnover as well as the product currency and lower markdowns and therefore margins. So as this increases, sort of, how do you see that affecting margins or risk margins going forward?
Carol Meyrowitz: Todd, the pack-away, honestly, the number is so irrelevant, it's not funny. I mean it's well within our normal. We're not even near double-digits nor will we be. Last year we were just a little bit lean. We're probably somewhere in the middle of where we have been in the past. We're going to be current. We're going to be great value. We're going to be the most current in fashion and brands and that is our business and we will continue to run it that way.
Ernie Herrman: Todd, if I could also jump in. At this point in time with the inventories which again holds some of the incremental pack-aways, which is not really in the scheme of things a significant number, we are pleased with our inventory position going to the year though. We have more accounts payable leverage than last year and our EPS as a percentage of inventories are up, which is telling us that our inventories are even fresher than last year to what Carol just said. So that validates that. And also, our absolute inventory turns increased during the fourth quarter. So again, we're still turning very, very fast and we're very lean and flexible.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Hofkin [William Blair & Company].
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just, I guess a question regarding inflation and listening to your comments about cost versus the retail-pricing umbrella. Can you discuss just kind of what you're seeing right now in terms of the competitive pricing environment and also kind of the what rate or roughly rate of cost inflation you're seeing out there currently? And are you seeing retailers thus far passing it along or choosing to absorb a little bit in maybe in their margins?
Carol Meyrowitz: Right now, the retailers are not really passing a significant amount. And I think that's going to start to happen probably towards the end of the back half, middle to end of back half and possibly into the following year. So we'll see. Again, I'm thrilled if our average ticket goes up. It's fantastic for us, but I can guarantee, we'll keep the distance of great value. And that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Richard Jaffe [Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.].
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you go through the individual divisions in fiscal 2012, how you see them contributing both in terms of sales and operating margins?
Carol Meyrowitz: Total model?
Jeffrey Naylor: Yes, we're happy. So overall in the comp, we're planning one to two. Right now, we'd be looking at a one to two for Marmaxx, one to two for Canada, one to two for HomeGoods and, as I mentioned earlier, two to three for TJX Europe. So pretty consistent planning other than a little bit heavier comps for TJX Europe for the full year. As we look at it by business, we would see Marmaxx at 12.9% to 13.1%, that's down 40 basis points at the low end and down 20 basis points at the high end. So we have it planned down 20 basis point at the high end on a two comp. That's going to be reflective of cannibalization from those -- we've got 74 of those 90 stores are opening as Marmaxx's. The cannibalization impact that has a bit of diluted impact on Marmaxx for the year. That said, overall, the exited A.J. Wright business is worth 30 basis points to the consolidated company. So the economics here all work very well. In the case of Canada, last year was 14%, we're planning it 14% to 14.2%. In the case of HomeGoods, last year was 9.5%, we're planning it 9.1% to 9.4%, again at the high-end we've got a two comp. So it's a little bit of deleverage on a two comp, 10 basis points. Again, nothing unusual. In Europe, we had a 3% margin last year, we are going from 4.6% to 5.0% for the current year and then those are really the major items. I commented on tax rate interest. They are elements that are really in our asset. So I just have to be [indiscernible] the detail that you need. And we're happy, obviously, to follow-up and talk further about it in the follow-up calls.
Operator: Next question comes from Dave Weiner [Deutsche Bank].
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: Just another follow-up question on Europe, if I could. Carol, I think you talked about potentially seeing progress by the end of the first half of the year. I guess, could you give some specifics on what that's based? Is it largely on just easier compares and so that makes running the business easier? Or are there other kind of specific catalysts that you plan to come into action at that time? And then also Jeff, I think you had talked about 17 new stores in between Poland and Germany for the new year. I think that's the number 10 and seven. Didn't hear anything on productivity of those countries. Could you give a little color on how those stores are doing versus the U.K. stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, it's completely based on what I'm seeing in terms of the mix and the leveraging the corporation and better focus. So, I think we're starting to see where we'll turn the corner. There are specific categories that are trending in a positive direction and there are specific categories that we're very, very focused on to do a better job in the value and the mix. So it really all comes back to based on execution and that's where I'm sort of laying out the time frame.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: Is that a result more from maybe the training of some of the buyers gotten or...
Carol Meyrowitz: It's training, it's the brand focus and it's the fashion focus. And there are things that work in the U.K. that don't necessarily work in the Germany that we have learned that we're much more focused on, where to ship, again coming back to the right goods to the right store. So there is a lot of we've learned from this past year. And understanding the pure value equation. In the long-term, I hate to say it, when you skip a beat like this, you usually get a lot stronger.
Jeffrey Naylor: As you look at the pacing too, we've, the first quarter, we would rough against the one comp. If you look at the remaining three quarters, we're up against a down four. So clearly, the comparisons do get easier. So if you look at Europe, we planned it up three and up four -- up three to four against the down four. So again, we think that's the realistic plan and, as Carol mentioned, lots of plans and actions in place to achieve that. In terms of Germany and Poland, 17 stores. Poland last year, the performance was in line with our plan in terms of the bottom line. Generally, we're seeing stores that are performing above where we thought they would be. We had some phenomenal openings, particularly in Warsaw, really just some terrific openings. So we remain very, very confident in terms of continuing that plan in Poland and the performance of the underlying store base in line with what our expectations were. Germany, in the back half of the year, the stores fell off their trends, just as they did across all of our European business. So we ended up with a sales miss at Germany and some compression in the margin rate. That said, I would tell you when we look across the portfolio of stores that we have and the relative productivity and relative four-wall contributions versus the U.K., they're just a little bit below the U.K. Likely, were trending earlier. So we remain very, very confident that as we improve the mix and take some of the merchandising actions that Carol talked about, that we'll see strong improvement there, which gives us the confidence to go ahead and continue to invest. Now, obviously, it's seven stores in Germany versus 24, 25 last year. So we're slowing it down there considerably and we think that'll help benefit that business.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other factor in Germany is we got hit very hard in the fourth quarter and we did, I'm saying that it's truly -- we own it in execution. But Germany really did get hit by an enormous unusual weather pattern of snow. And we did see some day-to-day tremendous hits by that. So that was a little bit unusual. So I think there is just some base opportunity there also.
Operator: Howard Tubin [RBC Capital Markets].
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Maybe just a quick question on the remodeling program. Can you give us any color on the lift you see close to remodel, maybe relative to a store that hasn't been remodeled?
Carol Meyrowitz: We really don't talk to that, Howard. Not a number we give out. Nice try though.
Operator: Laura Champine [Cowen and Company].
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: The pack-away inventory is usually not enough to move the needle at all, and we're seeing it throughout the closeout industry. What's driving that increase? It's not as if full-price retailers are missing. Why is there suddenly such a great availability of branded product?
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, you've got to understand it's versus last year, we were down 10% last year. And we were chasing a little bit. But we had very little pack-away last year. This year, there just happened to be a bunch of brands that we liked very much and we went after it. And that's really the whole story there. There's no big change here.
Ernie Herrman: And part of it is the wholesale market. Some of those vendors were a little more aggressive, maybe based on what was going on out there. So that combination yields more goods.
Operator: Jeff Stein [Soleil Securities].
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Carol, you mentioned at the beginning of the call that you're now dealing with 14,000 or so vendors and that's a fairly large jump if I'm recalling the prior year's number which I...
Carol Meyrowitz: I think we were being a little conservative in the past, Jeff. I don't even want to tell you what we think the real number is.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Obviously, there's been a big jump. And I'm wondering, is most of the increase, one, coming from Europe? And two, if you can just kind of segment it between higher-end vendors and just kind run-of-the-mill kind of moderate vendors.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, first of all, it's both. And we are -- again, when I talk about the different stores and the different demographics, we've pushed the high-end and we'll continue to do that. Part of that is some interesting new countries. There's a lot going on in HomeGoods. There's some changes in apparel. There's a lot of new contemporary guys out there. So we're seeing a vast increase in many, many new areas. Poland, Germany, and we have offices now. When we talk about Germany and we talk about Italy and even in China, we have many, many people on the ground. We just opened another new country in terms of having a buying office -- so it's a combination of upgrading countries and then having more feet on the ground also in terms of moderate vendors. So it's really across the board. And you want it across the board so that you have that tremendous reach. So that if we're converting an A.J. Wright store, you have a fantastic mix appropriate to that type of environment and then when you're opening in the middle of New York City or downtown Boston, again, you want a mix that's different. So it's really across the board.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Montagna [Avondale Partners].
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: The store openings for next year. If you're reducing the amount of inventory in the stores, turning the inventory faster, are you able to open smaller square footage stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: I mean, we have. We still have our Mega Shoe stores. But it's a advantage to us. Again, it has to do with the real estate and the shape of the real estate, the size of the real estate. So we always look to -- we can do a $7 million to $20 million store, if that's what we would rather do.
Ernie Herrman: One of the beauties of our business model is we don't have a defined footprint. So what we can do is we can open -- we can start a 20,000 square foot store, we can start a 40,000 square foot store. So really we are opportunistic in many ways and take what the market will give us.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: So you don't see the average store size decreasing by the different...
Carol Meyrowitz: No. As a matter of fact when we can put a HomeGoods with a Maxx or HomeGoods with a Marshalls, it's terrific for us. So, again, we go with the deal, the right deal. I want to thank everyone. Thank you, Holly. And we look forward to giving you the results of our first quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q3  (2010-11-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' third quarter fiscal 2011 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, November 16, 2010. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Elan and good morning, everyone. And before we get started, Sherry has a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2010. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, rebroadcast, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com in the Investor Information section. Thank you and now Ill turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry and good morning, again and joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with our 14% EPS growth in third quarter on top of 40% EPS growth last year. We drove this growth on a 1% comp increase over 7% increase last year demonstrating the power of our business model to deliver sustainable margins even at a lower level of comp. Our customer traffic was up over huge increases last year and we achieved these results despite average tickets still being slightly down. We continue to run the business with lower levels of inventory, which is driving faster inventory turns and stronger merchandise margin. We are very confident that this is sustainable. Further, we delivered these strong results despite unfavorable warm weather in September and October. We entered the fourth quarter with very lean inventories and even more open to buys for the quarter than we had at this time last year. This set us up extremely well to buy into the exciting opportunities we are currently seeing from great brands and fashions in the marketplace. I'll keep my comments brief today starting with the recap of our third quarter performance. First, I want to spend a moment on why we believe in the sustainability of our margin and how our supply chain improvements play into that. Next, although we are not going to get specific until our year-end call in February when we have finalized our plans, I will share with you some of our thinking about growth for next year. We continue to look for 5 to 6% square footage growth but currently plan to get there a little differently. I'll wrap up with our outlook and opportunities for the holidays and the fourth quarter. Before I continue let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the third quarter.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, thanks Carol. Good morning, everybody. Let me recap the third quarter results. Net sales reached $5.5 billion, that's a 5% increase over last year. Third quarter consolidated comp stores sales were up 1% on top of last year's strong 7% increase and as Carol mentioned the increase was driven by growth in the number of transactions with the average ticket slightly down. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.92. That compares with last year's $0.81 per share and again, that's a 14% increase on top of last year's 40% EPS growth. Foreign currency rates negatively impacted our year-over-year EPS comparisons by two pennies. However, EPS comparisons were favorably impacted by a lower tax rate and reduced interest expense which, together essentially offset the foreign exchange impact so all those items in aggregate were neutral to the overall consolidated performance. Our consolidated pretax profit margin was 10.8%. That was unchanged from the prior year. However, if you exclude the impact of foreign currency, primarily a mark to market adjustment on the companys inventory related hedges, our pre-tax profit margin was actually up 30 basis points. And we're very encouraged that we've sustained last year's significant increase in profit margins and that we've seen continued improvement in our merchandise margins over last years large increases. The gross profit margin, as we reported today, it was flat to last year. Higher merchandise margins, as well as buying and occupancy expense leverage were offset by the impact of mark to market adjustments on the company's inventory related hedges which, as I mentioned earlier significantly benefited last years results. I think the key point there is that our merchandise margins continue to be up and these merchandising margins were achieved. The merchandise market gain was achieved on top of a 240 basis point improvement in the third quarter of last year. Turning to SG&A expense for the quarter it was also flat to prior year. If you peel it back the benefit of cost savings initiatives and lower incentive compensation expense were basically offset by deleverage from the 1% comp store sales increase as well as increased preopening costs associated with a larger number of new stores this year versus last year. That said, our overall expense ratios if you include buying and occupancy costs, along with SG&A, decreased during the quarter compared to last year. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis including the warehouses were down 6% on top of a 5% decrease last year. Again, we're extremely happy with our inventory levels and our greater open to buy position as we enter the fourth quarter. Now to financial strengths. Our stores generate substantial amounts of cash, which we deploy with a careful balance between reinvesting in our businesses and distributions to shareholders through the buyback and through the dividends. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back $256 million of TJX stock during the third quarter, retiring 6.0 million shares. Year-to-date, we have bought back $845 million of TJX stock. We now expect to repurchase between 1.0 and 1.2 billion of TJX stock in Fiscal 2011, more than we had originally planned. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap the guidance for the fourth quarter and full year at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. Now to some comments on the third quarter, which again clearly demonstrates that our strong margins are sustainable even on a lower level of comp. First, I want to discuss our disappointing results at T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland and how we are addressing the issues there. As we discussed in our last conference call I believe that the weakness of T.K. Maxx is entirely about execution. Our merchandise mix got a bit too moderate and we lost some of our value equation. We did take aggressive markdowns in the third quarter which is what we do when we misstep. We clear out and move on. We're on a learning curve at T.K. Maxx mostly due to the newness within our buying ranks, as we are adding and teaching our new talent to support the growth of the business. In short we have gotten off track and need to get back to basics. The great quality, great fashion, great brands and great values this division is capable of delivering. I expect that we will continue to experience some of these growing pains in the fourth quarter and we are looking for improvement in the first half of next year. Our U.K. and our Ireland business is fundamentally very strong and over the four preceding years has driven comps in the mid to high single-digits and grown segment profit margins over 8%. I have every confidence that we will get back on track. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our new European businesses. T.K. Maxx in Germany and Poland and HomeSense in the U.K. In the aggregate, these businesses were close to breakeven in the third quarter and we expect to be profitable in the fourth quarter and the back half. I want to emphasize that we remain very confident in our European business and the opportunities that Europe presents to us for enormous growth for the future. Continuing on the third quarter with our U.S. businesses, Marmaxx achieved a very strong 13% segment profit margin, up 50 basis points over last years record results. Marmaxx drove this profit growth on a 1% comp increase versus the strong increase last year, demonstrating our margin sustainability even on a lower comp. Merchandise margins were up 40 basis points in the third quarter, over last years strong 270 basis points increase. Merchandise margins at Marmaxx have increased steadily in the last 10 years, largely due to the structural changes we have made in our business to run at substantially lower inventory. We believe we have even further room to improve in this area, which I'll discuss in a moment. HomeGoods continues to deliver strong top and bottom line increases over record results last year. It's important to note that this division lowered its inventory level more than any other division in 2009, which changed the face of this business in a very positive way. Operating with lower inventory has continued to pay dividends this year. Our mix is more exciting. Our values are sharper and our margins are stronger than ever before. Additionally, this organization is doing a great job with marketing the HomeGoods brand. HomeGoods is reaching record segment profit with profit margins that are well above what we initially anticipated for this business. While A.J. Wrights third quarter performance was disappointing, we believe it was predominantly due to the negatively impacted weather. With its heavy concentration of stores in the Northeast, A.J. Wright was disproportionately impacted by the warm weather in September and October. To illustrate this, less weather sensitive non-apparel comps were 10 percent points higher than apparel costs. And outerwear, which is a significant category for A.J. Wright, was down 21%. I should also mention that this division was up against an l1% comp increase last year. We took aggressive markdowns in the apparel areas, which left us with a very liquid position as we enter the fourth quarter. Moving to Canada, TJX Canada continued its excellent year with comps up 3% and segment profit margins up 200 basis points, excluding the impact of foreign currency. I should mention that Canada also had unseasonably warm weather during the quarter and their results were driven by exceptionally strong comps. Customer traffic has been very strong in Canada. The continuation of strong trends at Winners and HomeSense bodes very well for our previously announced plans to bring Marshalls to Canada next year. Now let's talk about how important lean inventories are to driving sustainable margins and what we see as further opportunity in our supply chain. The improvements we made to our supply chain last year to run our business with historically low inventories is leading to sustainable strong margins as evidenced by our third quarter performance. As we continue to run leaner we are turning inventories faster and buying closer to need, which is reducing markdown and leading to sequential improvement in our merchandise margins. But while we hear a lot of discussion out there about the favorable buying environment benefiting us last year, we believe that our strong 2009 merchandise margin performance is far more a function of our improved inventory and management. In addition, as lean as we are I still believe we have opportunities to bring inventories even further down and deliver fresh goods even faster to our customer. One of our big rock initiatives is investing in our supply chain to enhance our planning and allocation capability as I discussed on prior calls. While we're already very good in this area, I believe we can become even more precise at getting the right goods to the right store at the right time. We see a lot of opportunity in this area in the next few years, which is an important reason for our confidence in our ability to provide continued top and bottom line growth. I mentioned at the top of the call that I'd share some of our thoughts about growth for the next year. We're still planning on a 5 to 6% square footage growth but we believe will achieve it a bit differently than originally planned. We intend to slightly slow growth in Europe to give this business time to get back on its very solid track and give new talent time to season. By year-end we will add a net of 54 stores in Europe this year and we took advantage of amazing real estate opportunities that we are confident will benefit our business long-term. While slightly slowing the pace in Europe we intend to accelerate growth a bit next year at Marmaxx and HomeGoods, which are achieving consistently strong performance. With increased store profitability with Marmaxx, we now see opportunities to open more stores at this division than we originally thought we could. Therefore, we intend to pick up the pace of growth slightly at Marmaxx next year. It's important to note that we have excellent visibility and for the level of capitalization from new stores and are achieving sold ROIs after (inaudible). We're also very excited about our store openings in Manhattan this fall, which I'm sure most of you have seen and been in. They were superb and they demonstrate the potential for more stores in urban locations. With HomeGoods consistent performance and strong profitability we also see opportunities to grow this store chain. Long-term we believe we can roughly double the number of HomeGoods stores. So at HomeGoods we intend to accelerate growth next year as well. We remain confident that we can ultimately grow over 2,800 stores today, over 4,300 stores long-term. This growth reflects only our current concept in our current markets now, including Marshalls in Canada. It does not capture the addition of new countries or new concepts. The areas of our business will be our prioritizing investments are performing very well and we're very confident in our long-term growth plans for TJX. Now to our outlook and opportunities for the fourth quarter. Like the third quarter we are up against extremely strong comparisons in the fourth quarter that are much more challenging than those facing most other retailers. We are guiding our comps in the fourth quarter to decrease 1% to 3% and EPS to be in the range of $0.89 to $0.94, which would be flat to down 5% versus last year. There are a number of factors that give us confidence in this fourth quarter performance. As always, we will strive to beat our plan and there are a number of factors. First, we just reported a very good third quarter on top of a 40% EPS growth last year despite unfavorable weather. Second, we entered the fourth quarter with very lean inventory. I like the quantity and the quality of the product we're seeing in the marketplace, which is superior to last year. I believe our brand and fashion penetration is even higher than it was a year ago. Third, our marketing will be even more powerful than last year with higher penetration and heightened campaigns. We are on network TV this month compared to no network TV in November last year. In the fourth quarter, we will be upping our presence on network TV and in addition we are showing triple branded commercials for the first time for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods. You'll be seeing them very shortly and we're very excited about it. Fourth, we now have about 700 Marmaxx stores in the new prototype. We are seeing sales lift in these stores, which bodes very well for the holiday season. And lastly we have lots of merchandising initiatives for the holidays but of course I cannot share with you for obvious reasons. We have great opportunities to drive sales and margins this holiday season and we will be pursuing all of them. In closing, our strong third quarter overall results demonstrates our ability to deliver sustained sales and profit growth. We achieved 14% EPS growth over record results last year, which is in line with our long-term annual EPS growth model. Importantly, the factors driving this profit growth are sustainable. We have significantly improved our inventory management capability and are investing in the supply chain to run even faster and even better. Further, we have reduced our cost base and have additional cost reduction opportunity, which we believe will enable us to maintain our cost leverage point at a 2% comp. I feel very good about our business as we enter the fourth quarter. As the weather cools down in November sales momentum picked up. Our inventories are lean and clean. I am sure that we are one of the very few retailers out there that is buying in November and December for the holiday and we love it. We believe that value will continue to be uppermost in the consumers mind this holiday season and we will be flowing exciting gift giving selections in many categories throughout the season. Additionally, we plan to deliver more freshness this December than we ever have in the history of the company. We have many initiatives to drive sales and margins in the fourth quarter, including heightened marketing and upgrading our sales. We are planning our business appropriately over challenging comparisons to last year and at the same time I like the trends that we're seeing. TJX has proven year after year in good and bad economies that we do deliver. This year we expect to continue our record of only one negative comp in over 30 years and are sustaining profit margin growth. I'm excited about our opportunities and very confident in the continued successful growth of our company. Now, I'd like to turn it back to Jeff to go over guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. Thanks Carol. Before I cover guidance, a quick comment on Canada. As you can see on the reconciliation tables that we provide on our Web site, the segment profit margin in our Canadian business this quarter was reported down 140 basis points. It would have increased 200 basis points, excluding the impact of foreign currency primarily due to the mark to market adjustment that they benefited from last year. In segment profit growth for Canada, which was reported essentially flat to last year in the quarter would have been up 18% on an invested basis. Okay, so with that out of the way let me now turn to the details of our guidance. First thing I want to make a point of is we havent adjusted the fourth quarter outlook that was implied in our prior guidance but we have raised the full year guidance to reflect the above performance in the third quarter. We now expect full fiscal 2011 EPS to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.40, excluding the non-operating item, which we detailed in today's press release, the estimated range of EPS is $3.33 to $3.38, an increase of 17 to 19% over last year. In terms of the underlying assumptions the range is based on an expected comp store sales increase of 2% to 3% for the full year. It also assumes reported pre-tax margins of 10.2 to 10.3%. Now if we exclude the non-operating item I just mentioned the adjusted full year pretax margins are planned at 10.1 to 10.2%, up 50 to 60 basis points over prior year and that's primarily due to continued strength in merchandising margins as well as some buying and occupancy expense leverage and SG&A ratios that are flat to slightly favorable to last year. So that's the full year. Our full year outlook assumes fourth quarter EPS of $0.89 to $0.94, which would be a flat to a 5% decrease versus last year and again is unchanged from our prior outlook. In terms of the underlying assumptions we're assuming a fourth quarter top line of 6.1 to 6.2 billion with comp sales planned to decrease 1% to 3% on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group. Again, we're up against very challenging comparisons to last year when consolidated comps increased 12% and Marmaxx's comps increased 13% during the quarter. We're looking for average tickets to be flat to slightly up in the fourth quarter. As to monthly comps, in November we expect comps to increase 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis and 3% to 4% at the Marmaxx group. In both December and January, on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group, we expect comp sales decreases in the ranges of 3 to 5%. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 9.6% to 9.9% range, down 80 to 110 basis points over last years very strong 10.7%. We're anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be 25.4% to 25.8% compared to 26.6% last year. It's important to note that we're up against a 410 basis point improvement last year and are planning this appropriately with the reduction evenly split between buying and occupancy de-leverage on the negative low single-digit comp and our merchandise margins which are slightly lower than last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 15.7% to 15.8%, which is a flat to a 10-basis point improvement versus last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.8%, net interest expense in the 8 to $9 million range and corporate expenses in the 51 to $54 million range. Finally we anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 399 million. We'll now open it up to questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to keep the call on schedule. We're going to try to continue to enforce our one question limit and we appreciate your cooperation. Thanks. We'll take questions now. I'll turn it back to Elan.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question today is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just on the acceleration of the Marmaxx square footage, maybe Jeff, if you could give us a little bit more quantification on the cannibalization you're seeing, maybe some of the new space productivity, kind of give us the confidence that there is, that makes sense in terms of the acceleration there to get to the 5 to 6% next year. Thanks.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, on the cannibalization, we aren't public on the level of cannibalization Adrianne, but what I can tell you is that we estimate cannibalization for every new store, every new store we do a pro forma analysis of that new store. We estimate the sales, we treat the lease as capital and then we estimate the cannibalization of surrounding stores and we put all that together to calculate or turn on ROI, which typically is in the low to mid teens. So within those ROIs we make sure we can afford the level of cannibalization on the surrounding stores. And then we go back and we measure that level of cannibalization and what we've found is that our estimates are actually very, very good. We tend to be very close to the level, to the cannibalization estimates are very close to what we actually incur in that first year where the new stores impacting the existing stores so we feel that between charging cannibalization to the new store pro forma, making sure that we're getting a low to mid teen ROI including that cannibalization and then going back and measuring the cannibalization to make sure our estimates are on track. That gives us the confidence that we are growing our business profitably and preserving our financial returns.
Adrianne Shapira: So could you perhaps break that in terms of the 5 to 6% square footage growth? How much will be coming from Marmaxx, HomeGoods acceleration versus the slower rate European growth next year?
Jeff Naylor: Yes, we're not ready to do it at this time because we are still developing our plans for next year but we will be doing that on our February call later.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. Just wondering about your outlook for A.J. Wright? Has anything changed in terms of your long-term view in terms of the number of stores you think that concept can have and is there anything you can share I think us on the growth plans for A.J. for next year or your outlook for the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Paul, whats important with A.J.'s is now I want to see more consistency and so we're going to take it slow and we can afford to take it slow so I think we want to get, we want to see consistency quarter by quarter and then we'll start to accelerate. So we still believe in the same number of stores that we put out there but we will be conservative in terms of number of stores.
Jeff Naylor: Okay and if I could just touch on the guidance briefly? For the fourth quarter we are planning A.J. comps flat to plus two. That's on an 8% last year so like every one of our businesses they take some tough comparisons and on that we're planning profits essentially flat year-over-year. You know when you look at the full year for A.J. we think we've got profits planned up roughly 3, 4, $5 million versus LY for the full year continued increased in profit margins. It'll be about a 2% total profit margin compared with break even two years ago so we're continuing to make progress with A.J. although as Carol said, it's been a little bit uneven and we want to see some consistency before we really ramp up the investment.
Paul Lejuez: So does that mean no store growth at A.J. next year?
Carol Meyrowitz: We'll probably keep the number probably around 10, in that range.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, keep consistent with what we did this year.
Paul Lejuez: Gotcha. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick: Thanks, congrats. I guess two quick ones. Jeff, just trying to understand 300 basis points swing at Winners? Can you just maybe help us understand it a little more on the off margins segment and sort of give us some color on how you're thinking upon Q4? And then on product cost inflation talk about how you think that impacts your business as we look at next year, it doesn't really feel like on the cost side but can it help you if department stores take up pricing under your umbrella?
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, let me answer your second question and then Jeff can go on to the Winners numbers. Everybody's hearing huge increases in cost and prices and everything else and we are moving from a slightly down ticket to a slightly up ticket, which is, we're certainly positive. We look at all of this as a positive because we're all about the consistency between us and everybody else out there. So we take the inflation piece again as a positive move for our business and what we need to do is just make sure that we're competitively priced correctly and we will be. So we see the effect in our business more of a positive than a negative.
Jeff Naylor: Yes and Brian, where it was a question about the third quarter, that swing?
Brian Tunick: Yes, exactly. What's happening? I didn't see the currency move?
Jeff Naylor: No, the issue was it wasn't so much in translation. Its two impacts, two international businesses. One is translating the results from the local currency into U.S. dollars. The other of these mark to market impacts where we hedged, we hedge our inventories so when we place an inventory buy it's based upon evaluation and we hedge it to lock in our margin. At the end of the year, each quarter under the accounting rules we have to mark those hedges to market. So, you may have a gain or a loss in the derivative but you also have an offsetting gain or loss in the margin of the goods. We only recognize one side of that for accounting purposes. So last year in the case of Winners we had $19 million of benefit from mark to market adjustments. That was last year in the third quarter. This year it was essentially diminutive. So basically we had $19 million of benefits last year that we did an anniversary this year. So that impacted both the profit growth and has had a significant impact on the operating margin. So that's how you get from 140 basis points decline this year on a reported basis to a 200 basis point improvement because there was almost a 3.0 points of margin last year that benefited to Winners that came from this mark to market adjustment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evren Kopelman. Great. Thank you. Question if you can get into the issues a little bit more in Europe? So, one question there is the terms there is, the turns I believe, the inventory turns are very quick which makes me wonder why maybe you don't anticipate some of the issues to be fixed a little more quickly? And the second question is your inventory strategy has worked so well at Marmaxx, at HomeGoods and maybe have you, not implemented there, maybe talk about the inventory strategy as well for the U.K. business? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually Evren I'm very happy with the inventory strategy in Europe and it's really not about our turns. It's truly about the mix and we got off-track and we got very moderate, our average ticket was way down and this is definitely fixable but I'm certainly not going to look at the month of November and say that we can turn this business around on a dime because it does take a little bit more time than that. They know what they've done wrong. I think there's tremendous clarity. I think they have a great strategy in place. We can certainly afford to take the period of time that we need to take to get this organization to where they need to be but I think next year is going to be a good year and I feel good about it but it doesn't turn on a dime.
Evren Kopelman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeff Stein: Sure, wondering if you reallocate capital and open more units domestically? Are there enough locations available to meet your plan and can you also talk about the kind of lift you're getting from the remodels and how many you have yet to go?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay, well Jeff we don't really talk about our list so I'm not going to go into that but we're certainly happy with it. In terms of the real estate we feel we are semi ready to lay our next years plans. The acceleration in both Marmaxx and HomeGoods, we have absolute locations and we are in very good shape. We don't accelerate until we know we can. So we're pretty pleased with the real estate and we're in very good position to again, move that up a bit and then just be a little more conservative on Europe. We're in a very good position.
Jeff Stein: And how many, Carol, how many remodels do you have yet to go in Marmaxx?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well we have 700 to date but those are big remodels. We'll continue next year with the fairly aggressive remodel program. Some of it will be full store, some of it will be just painting and cleaning up but we'll continue to make this chain a top-notch chain.
Jeff Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine.
Laura Champine: Good morning. It looks to me as if you're comp guidance is better than what I would have expected for November, a little worse than December and January? Can you talk about what's happening? I know your comps get tougher but is there anything else that's pressuring the comp expectation in that December, January timeframe?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well Laura, I mean December in Marmaxx were up against the 15 comp so I think it's prudent for us to plan the way we did. In January I think we're up against 13 or is it 14, Jeff?
Jeff Naylor: Just checking. We're up against 13 I believe.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, now is there an opportunity on a two year basis possibly, but quite frankly we've never gone up against comps like that before so we will do our absolute best to beat them but I think it's smart to plan that way and to keep our inventories nice and lean.
Jeff Naylor: Yes. We're up against 14 and a 12 in TJX and a 15 and a 13 in Marmaxx in November and December respectively and I think, if you look on two and three year stack bases you'll see it's a pretty consistent in terms of how we laid it out Laura. And there's nothing else that (inaudible), there's nothing else under; it's really just a factor of what we're going up against in terms of how we accept the plans.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly? Hello?
Operator: Kimberly, please either lift the handset or check your mute feature?
Operator: We'll just move on to the next question. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much, guys. A couple of quick questions. In the past you've spoken about acquisition opportunities, could you comment on that, where you stand on that subject and also the Internet initiative that we've heard about overseas?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well Richard, we don't talk about acquisitions and the Internet overseas is going quite well. We're pleased with it. We're moving slowly. Again we have three countries Internet, we have a lot going on there but we're very pleased with what we're seeing. We're learning a lot about the consumer. We're learning a lot about what categories sell so this to me is fantastic in terms of our learning and our knowledge and maybe some day we'll bring to the States.
Richard Jaffe: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin: Good morning. Just I guess a question particularly given your strong track record doing better relative to guidance. For the fourth quarter if coming out of the quarter if there's one or two key things that might enable you to end up ahead of your EPS guidance, would it be do you think customer traffic, continued merchandise margins coming in better than your guidance, what do you think would be one or two key things that?
Carol Meyrowitz: I think it's really our inventory positioning right now. We're very lean. We love what we're seeing and as I stated before our percent of freshness in December and January is much higher than last year, which just creates a lot of excitement. Our merchants are still in the market. We're going to be in later than we've ever have before so I can't answer all your questions because who knows whats going to happen in the next three months, in the next three weeks even before the Christmas season starts but I love the position we're in so those are really the two factors.
Daniel Hofkin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Slater.
Todd Slater: Hi, it's actually Jennifer for Todd. A couple of quick ones. First, Jeff could you talk about, I think you said you were planning fourth quarter average ticket flat to slightly up so are you already starting to see that? And then secondly could I get a little clarification on guidance? Carol, you talked about that sustainability of margins and I mean we clearly believe that and I think that third quarter results prove that and you're planning inventory down and it is down going into the fourth quarter but yet I think you're planning merchandise margins down so is that just based on being conservative or I guess maybe could you address how should we think about Marmaxx margins in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jennifer, I mean we're planning the margins, again we're up against huge, huge numbers a year ago so I'm just going to come back to I like to plan prudently, carefully, conservatively and we certainly hope to beat those plans. I just think it's a smart way to plan our business.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think on the, in terms of planning the tickets flat to slightly up, obviously we try to plan based on what we're seeing and we have visibility into our on orders of some of the trends and our plans kind of do reflect what we're seeing. So I think we're reasonably confident in that flat to slightly up and it is reflective of trends we're seeing in the business.
Todd Slater: Okay, great. Good luck.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Glick.
David Glick: Yes, good morning. I just wanted a follow-up on the T.K. business. I was just wondering if you could give us some, help us understand how your trend there is performing across different parts of the U.K. and Ireland and then are you succeeding in Germany and Poland despite some of these execution issues or are they also being impacted by the assortments? I'm just curious if that's been, had any impact or do you think you can do better in those new geographies?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well actually our business again, we're pretty pleased with Germany and Poland and HomeSense. And in the aggregate all three of them are going to end you making money in the back half, which were very, pleased about. Again, having said that I still think there's much opportunity there and as we get the overall mix to a place where we feel terrific that's only going to accelerate Germany and Poland and HomeSense. Europe, it is pretty much across the board and I'm going to come back to, we know what we did wrong, we know what we need to do and I was just over there this past week and the guys know how to fix it. So I think we've just got a little bit off track and I think we were running a bit too quickly to fill (inaudible) and they now know exactly what to do. We have a lot of people who have been there for many years. Theyre spending time with the new people and I feel very confident that this team will turn it around.
David Glick: Okay. Carol, if I could follow-up on your comment on inflation being a positive? Can you help us understand here which elements for that environment make you feel optimistic? I mean is it the higher, potential higher average tickets? Can you maintain a merchandise margin in that kind of environment or is it just value becomes more of a premium as the pricing umbrella lifts in the department store channel?
Carol Meyrowitz: Again, we keep coming back to our job is to keep the distance between us and the department stores and obviously as pricing goes up, the consumer is still going to want value. It's not like we're looking at an economy that's getter 10 times better so it bodes well for us because it's, everyone else goes up in price and we go up proportionally in price. I think it's really going to drive the customer to us. Average ticket going up obviously is a benefit to our comp and it's certainly a benefit to our costs. So, that's all we focus on is making sure we have that great value versus everyone else and this entire organization is very aware and very much on board. The other element of our business again, I just keep coming back to flexibility is that we can move categories faster than anyone else can. Move our floors around faster than anyone else can so we take advantage of all those elements. Any disruption or change in the marketplace usually tends to benefit us and every year there's usually something else going on and our job is to take full advantage of that for TJX.
David Glick: What's driving the improvement in Q4, you know, product availability or quality and quantity? Is it late shipments from China? Is it the inventories have gotten a little bit, not out of whack, but a little bit higher in the department stores? What do you think the drivers are?
Carol Meyrowitz: It's a piece of it. That's a piece of it. Another large piece of it is that we continue to invest in our supply chain; our number of buyers are all over the world and our relationship with the brand. So all of those elements make us keep, we're always raising the bar in our mix and that's what our job is.
David Glick: Thank you very much. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin: Thanks. Carol as you look out to 2011 in terms of inventory, do you think there's still opportunities to reduce inventories or should we expect inventories to maybe flatten out next year?
Carol Meyrowitz: No we think there's opportunities to reduce inventory. We absolutely do. There are two elements to this. We're speeding up our supply chain at the same time as decreasing our inventory levels and creating more freshness so we're investing where we need to invest. In addition we will get better at shipping the right merchandise to the right store at the right time so. I don't know how many years we have of improving but it's not a one-year pony as they say.
Jeff Naylor: And there's still variability between our divisions Howard. Not all divisions are turning at the pace of the fastest division, which tells you there's probably a little bit of opportunity left.
Howard Tubin: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mami Shapiro.
Mami Shapiro: Hey guys, congratulations.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Mami Shapiro: I have a marketing question. You talked a little bit about the multi brand marketing. I was curious where that leaves A.J., are they included in that or are they their own entity and if you could update us on European marketing?
Carol Meyrowitz: A.J.'s is separate and the demographics of Marshalls, Maxx and HomeGoods is really a sweet spot to triple brand together. So we're testing that. You're going to see that very shortly. We're very excited about it. That'll be on network TV. What we're also hoping is that it really brings the consumer closer to being aware of the HomeGoods brand as we improve, as we increase the numbers of stores in HomeGoods, I think this is really going to be beneficial if we hit new markets. So that's the game plan there. As of today, we dont have A.J.'s as part of that campaign, but hey, you never know.
Mami Shapiro: Well that makes sense. Well good luck for the holiday and any opportunity does it mater at all, what happened to Loehmann's for you guys or do you feel guilty about putting them out of business again?
Carol Meyrowitz: There's always real estate opportunities. There's always opportunities but I have no comment.
Mami Shapiro: Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone and congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about, you've had, going into the holiday season in past years you've talked about the increased emphasis on marketing spend? What opportunities do you see in marketing spend in this year and then next year and the other element on expenses you've talked in the past about reduction opportunities in procurement? Is that still the case and is there a change in the comp increase you need to leverage expenses? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, Dana in terms of expenses, we're slightly above where we thought we would be. I think we gave you 50 to 75 million, we're probably half way through some of the initiatives but we're always adding initiatives so we're going to continue on our expense reductions. Our marketing spend, again we'll, we look to get greater and better penetration so we haven't laid out our plans. We're certainly not going to be looking at our marketing budget and saying let's increase it dramatically. We just hope to get smarter and smarter which is what we believe we've done this year. So we'll continue that, we'll continue that path and where we believe we need to up (inaudible), we will but its not a matter of looking at a tremendous increase in spend for next year.
Jeff Naylor: And Dana in terms of our three-year model we have on the street right now. We're assuming at 2% comp leverage point and we believe we have enough cost saving initiatives to allow us to do that for the next several years. So as Carol mentioned beyond that we're trying to put some seeds in the ground now that will take us beyond three years out and give us the ability to continue to leverage at a two comp. We really like setting up our model on a low comp, putting in enough cost reduction to allow us to maintain our  profit margin and then, if and when we beat the sales you get tremendous flow throughs and we've seen that each of the last three, four years. So we want to continue to plan that way.
Dana Telsey: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from John Morris.
John Morris: Thanks. My congratulations as well. Drilling down a little bit deeper on the marketing spend, Carol I'm just wondering is there much of a mix or can you give us the mix shift between TV versus Print and other, are you spending a lot more on TV? I'm kind of wondering what's going there and then on A.J. Wright, you know you talked about the weather disappointment, I'm wondering is, it sounds like it was hitting A.J. a little bit more than some of the other businesses, excluding T.K. obviously separate issues? Is not the other business sort of have the same kind of weather component to them, is it that much of a geographic difference but also weather aside for A.J. where are you seeing the progress and where are you seeing the improvement at A.J.? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: I'm going to answer a couple of questions and then Ernie's going to chime in.
John Moore: Great.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all when we talk about Winners, which probably had weather. They had an opportunity in their home business because they had a fairly weak home business a year ago. So that increase was fairly substantial in Home up at Winners. And as I said in A.J.'s the outerwear business, which is a bigger part of A.J.'s business was down substantially over 20%, which was a big hit and there are some other factors there that Ernie will go into. In terms of our marketing we don't discuss that, that's really not our strategy. So I'd rather not comment on our percent of mix. What I an tell you that we continue to increase on network TV and we continue to increase the penetration. It is increasing in traffic and we do see the needle moving every single year that more customers or more people that have never shopped TJX that is increasing every year so that that is our goal.
John Moore: Yes, that's what I was getting at.
Carol Meyrowitz: Do you want to talk a little bit about A.J.?
Ernie Herrman: John, real simply on A.J. one of the things that happened there was obviously based on where we're Northeast Chicago driven on the real estate locations we did not do a good job on transitioning so we had I think, we were a little too deep in some categories, a little too dark and the weights weren't really as appropriate as they should have been and I think Carol actually mentioned some markdowns in apparel so really that's the gist of what I think was a self inflicted execution issue at A.J. We did take our markdowns, we're in a better position now for the fourth quarter and we're going to learn from that.
John Moore: Yes. That's great. That's great. But Carol, also the progress in improvement, you guys clearly have made a good degree of progress at A.J. What are the elements that you're particularly happy about?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well we like the remodels of the new prototype. They're working very well. I think the guys are understanding what the mixes and I think they're understanding the demographics better and the Hispanic customer.
Ernie Herrman: I think we beginning to get the fashion more right, more food and hair, most of the merchants are learning over the lat year.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes and I think they're really understanding what brands this customer likes.
John Moore: Great. Thanks a lot. Good luck for holiday.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. We look forward to the next call and everybody have a great holiday. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q2  (2010-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to The TJX Companies' second quarter fiscal 2011 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded Tuesday, August 17th, 2010. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning. And before we begin, Sherry has a few comments to make.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2010. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com in the Investor Information section. Please note that the EPS results we discuss that includes the second quarters of fiscal 2011 through fiscal 2008 have been adjusted to exclude an item impacting comparability in those quarters, which is reconciled on our website. Thank you. And now, I will turn it back to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. Let me begin by saying that we are very pleased with our second quarter performance, as our 20% adjusted EPS was at the high end of our previously raised expectations. We believe it's important to point out that this was achieved on top of successive EPS increases over the prior year, 27% last year, which was on top of 26% the year before and 27% the year before that. Also noteworthy is that we drove these year-over-year results in both strong and weak retail climate, which points to our consistency and ability to grow the top and bottom lines in various economic environments. This continues to reinforce the power of the TJX model. I will keep my comments brief today, beginning with a recap of our second quarter performance. Then I will share our outlook for the back half of the year and why we are confident in the sustainability of our top and bottom line growth. Finally, I will reiterate our long-term goals for our global growth. Before I continue, let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the second quarter.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, thanks Carol. Good morning, everyone. So let me recap second quarter results. Our net sales reached $5.1 billion, that's a 7% increase over last year. The second quarter consolidated comp stores sales increased 3% and I should point out that's on top of 3% to 4% increases in each of the past four years. Diluted earnings per share were $0.74 compared with last year's $0.61 per share. EPS benefited from a reduction in the provision related to the previously announced computer intrusions, which positively impacted EPS by $0.01 per share during the quarter. And if were to exclude that benefit, diluted EPS was $0.73, which is a 20% increase over last year. Year-over-year EPS growth for the quarter was positively impacted by foreign currency rates by approximately $0.01, but a higher tax rate adversely impacted EPS by $0.02, so that's a little bit on quality of earnings. Consolidated pretax profit margin was 9.8%. That's up 110 basis points over prior year and that includes a 20-basis point positive impact from the intrusion provision benefits that I mentioned earlier. On an adjusted basis, excluding that benefit, pretax margins were 9.6%. That's up 90 basis points over the prior year. These were also  I should mention that pretax margin was also above the high end of our original guidance and that was primarily due to merchandise margin favorability. Turning to the gross profit margin, that increased 100 basis points above last year during the quarter, reflecting strong merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy leverage. SG&A expense increased 10 basis points, which was in line with our expectations. And you will recall on our Q1 conference call that we told you we expected SG&A to slightly de-lever and that was due to the cost of opening more new stores, we have 33 new stores this year versus last year; the impact of our younger European businesses on cost ratios; and increased spending in our stores organization to enhance customer experience and support our growing customer base. And essentially, that's what we saw. If we were to exclude these factors, SG&A leveraged 10 basis points, which is about what we would expect on a 3% comp. As to inventories, at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per-store basis including the warehouses were down 13% on top of a 4% decrease last year. Clearly, the lower inventories and faster turns are driving lower markdowns, resulting in higher merchandise margins. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was down versus last year on a per-store basis. Finally, let me talk briefly to the financial strength. As many of you know, our stores generate substantial amounts of cash, which we deploy with a careful balance between reinvesting in our businesses and distributing excess cash to shareholders through the buyback and the dividend. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back $356 million of TJX stock during the second quarter, retiring 8.2 million shares. We continue to expect to repurchase between $900 million and $1 billion of TJX stock for Fiscal 2011. Now, let me turn the call back to Carol and I will return at the end to recap our guidance for the full year and the third quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. I would like to get straight to my major points. First, as I just discussed, our strong second quarter results, year-over-year growth demonstrate the consistency of TJX. Second, we have excellent opportunities in the back half of the year and we will utilize our extreme flexibility to capitalize on them. And third, we have tremendous long-term global growth potential. First, some comments on our second quarter. In particular, I want to address the results of T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland, which were weaker than we expected and we know have been a question on peoples' minds. I want to be clear that the miss at T.K. Maxx was our own doing, even though the low customer confidence in the U.K. has not helped. As we have previously mentioned, the issue began early in spring when we did not transition into warm weather products as well as we could have and the unfavorable weather patterns exasperated our own issues. We then did not execute well in a few categories. I attribute this issue to minor growing pains [ph]. Our merchant organization in Europe is growing and learning, and typically when newer buyers are added, there are some missteps and some overcorrection. It's important to understand that this is nothing we havent seen before and addressed before at our other businesses. In fact, we used the first half of the year to add talent in Europe which included moving the COO of TJX Canada to lead the U.K. and Ireland business, as well as several planners from the U.S. to Europe. In addition, we have our TJX University in Brussels up and running in order to train our associates in Europe. But also we are pointing out that historically the back half drives about 85% of TJX Europe's annual profits and our comparisons to last year of this division does become easier. I also believe that our merchandise mix will be more compelling. TJX Europe is fundamentally a very strong business. We are very encouraged that our growth vehicles, T.K. Maxx Germany and Poland and HomeSense in the U.K. continue to outperform our expectations and we expect these businesses in the aggregate to generate meaningful profit in the back half of the year. While we planning TJX Europe back half comps to be only flat or up slightly, we expect to deliver approximately 15% to 20% segment profit growth. We still very much believe in Europe. Now, to some other callouts in the second quarter. Marmaxx, HomeGoods, and TJX Canada all delivered exceptional sales and profit growth. A.J. Wright strategically ran its business with very lean inventories in the second quarter versus much higher levels of clearance last year. And although we did not get out of summer very early  sorry, although we did get out of summer very early which caused us to miss some sales, our segment profit for the second quarter improved over last year and has doubled year-to-date. Importantly, we are very clean going into the fall season. Lastly on the quarter, customer traffic was up significantly over large increases last year as our great values and great brands continue to attract customers and increasingly numbers from a broad demographic spectrum. Importantly, our customer research indicates that most of these new customers are continuing to shop our stores. In addition, we will be spending a large portion of our marketing dollars in the second half of the year when we face challenging comparisons, which represents a substantial increase over last year's spend. Let's move to our outlook for the second quarter  for the second half of the year. As we outlined at the beginning of the year, comparisons to last year become more challenging in the back half when we are up against a 10% consolidated comp store sales increase. These comparisons are also much more challenging than those at most retailers. We expect comps to be flat to slightly down in the back half, while we still expect EPS to be flat to up 6%. At the same time, we have many initiatives underway and as always, we will strive to beat these numbers. Let me recap some key differences in our businesses versus a year ago, which should help us in the back half. First, I am very happy with the quality and quantity of our inventory. Although our inventories are very lean and planned down versus last year, the quality of our inventory and our brand penetration is substantially better than last year in nearly every category of our business. In addition, I am very excited about the fashion trends that we believe will make the back half really exciting. As always, we will stand for tremendous value. Second, in terms of marketing, we will have significantly higher penetration in the back half and even stronger campaigns than last year. We are increasing our television impressions on a global scale being on TV in Europe for the first time in several years. And we will significantly increase our media spend in the U.S. market versus a year ago. Third, we have many customer-facing initiatives underway to retain and attract new customers. Over the last year and a half, we have been remodeling and opening Marmaxx stores in the new prototype and will have about 700 stores completed in the new prototype ahead of the important holiday selling season. This is great as we are seeing sales lift in the remodeled stores. Fourth, on a macro level, we are hearing about late merchandise deliveries to other retailers, which typically benefits us. We will stay very liquid in order to capitalize on all of these potential opportunities. This is great as we are seeing our average ticket begin to flatten out which could be meaningful to our business. As always, we will remain laser-focused on maintaining our price gap with traditional retailers so that our values are as sharp as they can be. And finally, we believe we have opportunities to further improve our markdown levels versus the first half. We enter the back half with inventories significantly lower than last year, turning even faster, giving us the ability to reduce the markdowns and drive merchandise margins. I want to reiterate that we are planning our in-store inventories leaner than last year. So you can see that we have many exciting things happening across all of our businesses and we will be positioned to take advantage of the great opportunities in the marketplace. Now, I would like to recap the elements of our exciting long-term global growth plan. As we recently announced, we plan to bring Marshalls to Canada in the spring of 2011. Our Canadian business unit achieved our highest financial return. Further, the success of operating T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in the U.S. demonstrates the concept can be effectively differentiated and work very well in the same market. And we have already had success in rolling out HomeSense in Canada. We know the Canadians level of price and many certainly know the Marshalls brand. We believe that Canada could probably ultimately support 90 to 100 Marshalls stores. We remain confident that we can ultimately grow from our nearly 2,800 stores to date to over 4,300 stores long term. This now includes Marshalls in Canada, but importantly, does not include the addition of new countries or markets or the launch or rollouts of new concepts. As we stated, we are prioritizing investments this year in Marmaxx and TJX Europe. HomeGoods and A.J. Wright continue to have excellent long-term potential and we may accelerate growth at these divisions next year. Note that HomeGoods will deliver a segment profit of over 9% this year. Before closing, I want to cover a couple of other points. First is our flexibility. We believe we can react faster than just about any retailer of our size to changing customer tastes and macro trends. For instance, you may be surprised to learn today, on a consolidated basis, approximately half of TJX's business is non-apparel in categories like footwear, accessories, home, and many others, which is a significant shift from five years ago. This is no accident. This is what we do and why we can achieve such consistent success. We think very strategically, we anticipate market trends, and go after opportunities with very short lead times. Our no-walls business model enables us to rapidly adjust our merchandise mix, our categories, and our store floor. This aspect about our company is very often underappreciated, especially for a company of our size. Further, we are working on many new initiatives to make us even faster and we still have ways to be more flexible for the future and expand margins. One of our big rock initiatives is improving our supply chain and further elevating our planning and allocation abilities. As good as we are in this area, we are very focused on becoming even sharper and more precise in shipping the right goods to the right stores at the right time to drive inventory turns and merchandise margin. I still believe we have plenty of room to improve over the next few years. So in closing, our strong second quarter and consistent sales and earnings growth over time demonstrates the power of our business model to deliver multiple year-over-year increases on top and bottom lines in both strong and weak economies. While we expect comps in the back half to be flat to slightly down, we always strive to exceed our expectations and we plan to capitalize on our many opportunities. The differences in our businesses versus a year ago give me great confidence in our ability to drive results. I am convinced that our increased brand penetration, heightened marketing, customer-facing initiatives will continue to attract and maintain new customers from a wide demographic reach. Additionally, we see macro factors that should play to our strength. We continue to run the business with extremely lean inventories which could drive merchandise margins. Longer term, we have tremendous opportunities to grow our brands at home and internationally. I believe that the retailers that will win both in the short and long term are those that can truly offer the consumer the best value with the right product and the best fashion and brands. This is what we at TJX pride ourselves in doing and we will continue to work even harder at pleasing our current and new customers. Now, I would like to turn it back to Jeff to go through guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Jeff Naylor: Great. Thank you, Carol. So now to our guidance. As we noted in our press release today, we raised the guidance for the full year. The new guidance calls for EPS to be in the range of $3.28 to $3.38  $3.28 to $3.38 and that's up from our previous guidance, which was $3.24 to $3.33. This raise in guidance is driven by a couple of factors. One is the improved pretax margins that we are expecting. The second is a greater benefit from the buyback than we originally planned in the back half. Additionally, the revised guidance includes the second quarter reduction in the provision related to the computer intrusions, which will have an estimated $0.01 per share impact. So if we exclude that item, the new estimated range of EPS is $3.27 to $3.37 and that's an increase of 15% to 19% over last year. This range of EPS for the full year is based on comp store sales in the 2% to 3% range and reported pretax margins of 10.2% to 10.4% including the intrusion provision benefit. So if we exclude the intrusion provision benefit, the adjusted full year pretax margins are planned at 10% to 10.2%. That's up 40 to 60 basis points over prior year. In terms of the components, we now expect gross profit margins to be up 40 to 50 basis points over prior year, primarily due to strong merchandise margins, as well as some buying and occupancy expense leverage and SG&A ratios that are flat to slightly favorable. Let me now discuss the back half guidance. As Carol mentioned and we have discussed on prior calls, our comparisons to last year become more challenging in the back half. So accordingly, we are planning comps in the back half to be flat to down 1%. However, we do expect earnings per share for the back half to be $1.75 to $1.85 and that's flat to up 6% over last year's $1.75. It's important to note that foreign exchange rates are assumed to negatively impact year-over-year EPS growth in the back half by about $0.30. So the growth rate is actually a bit better on a constant currency basis. Now, I will shift to the third quarter. For Q3, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.86 to $0.91. That's a 6% to 12% increase over the $0.81 per share that we earned last year. Again, it's worth noting that this assumes foreign exchange adversely impacts year-over-year growth by $0.02. Some of the components. We are assuming a third quarter top line of approximately $5.5 billion with the comp sales increase of zero to 2% both on a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps, on both a consolidated basis and at The Marmaxx Group, we are planning comp sales to be up 1% to 3% in August, down 1% to up 1% in September, and flat to down 2% in October when we have the most difficult comparisons. Pretax profit margins are planned in the 10.4% to 10.8% range, which are flat to down 40 basis points compared with the 10.8% last year. This guidance includes an anticipated 20-basis point negative impact from mark-to-market currency adjustments on the company's inventory related hedges. We are anticipating third quarter gross profit margin in the range of 27.1% to 27.4% and that's down 10 to 40 basis points compared to last year. Gross profit comparisons are adversely impacted by 20 basis points due to the hedges I just mentioned. Merchandise margins are assumed to be slightly up and buying and occupancy expense is assumed to slightly de-lever on the flat to 2% comp increase. In terms of SG&A, we are anticipating that, as a percentage of sales, it will be about 16.4% to 16.5%, which is a flat to 10-basis point improvement versus last year. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.3%, which is essentially in line with last year. We are also planning net interest expense in the $10 million to $11 million range, corporate expenses in the $44 million to $46 million range, and weighted average shares of approximately $404 million for the quarter. We will now open it up for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to keep the call on schedule. We are going to continue to enforce our one question limit and we appreciate your cooperation with that. So thank you and we will open it up for questions now. Go on.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). One moment please for the first question. And the first question today is from Stacy Pak.
Stacy Pak: Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Stacy.
Stacy Pak: Hi, guys. How are you?
Carol Meyrowitz: Good.
Stacy Pak: Carol, a question just on the industry in July. I mean, it seemed like as the industry got more competitive you guys didn't compete quite as well and I am hearing about weakness in some other off-price businesses. And I am just kind of wondering what happens going forward here? We have got rising inventories in the industry. I know you can benefit from that, but you also want to maintain a differential versus the industry. What can you do? Are you going to cut prices more? What are you seeing? And if you could weave in also some commentary on apparel, where you are seeing strength and maybe where you are seeing some weakness that would be great. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: How many questions was that?
Stacy Pak: One big one.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all, Stacy, I think in terms of July, I am actually very pleased. I think we strategically kept very lean, we didn't keep summer too long. In most of our divisions, we may have lost a little bit of sales, but I think that our profit was pretty strong. We drove our home business and we certainly did keep our apparel business pretty lean, and that was the strategy. So in terms of going forward and what's going on in apparel, we think that we are starting off feeling pretty good. We got a lot of areas that are working, we have a strong dress business, a strong career business, we are certainly seeing a lot of fashion going on. So we are feeling pretty positive about that. Our concern about our values versus everyone else, I think we are in pretty shape and I think our inventories are in fabulous shape and we will take advantage. We competitive shop every day, it's part of our life and what we do, and I think we are feeling pretty good about our values. And Ernie, you want to comment on that?
Ernie Herrman: Stacy, I would just I guess focus in on the  what's going on. I think with the inventories, you were talking about are on the board. We are just looking at that as potentially an opportunity later to ensure the values, because generally we buy in relationship to the inventories that are out there. So I think that will be another opportunity probably about a couple of months away.
Stacy Pak: Okay. Well, good luck, you guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evren Kopelman.
Evren Kopelman: Great. Thank you, good morning. You commented on the merchandise mix that over the years it has changed where half is not apparel any more. Can you talk a little bit about how that has impacted your merchandise margins? How do the merchandise margins for accessories or home or footwear compare to apparel?
Carol Meyrowitz: Now, we don't break it down. But the real point is the flexibility of our business. So if tomorrow all of a sudden there were categories in apparel that were very strong, we would be shifting our mix. And really the concept here is again  is being open, the flexibility of our floor, changing our floor, changing our mix, and going after what the consumer wants. So again, we take advantage of the margins by buying closer to need and focusing on the customer and turning our inventory quickly.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, the  if I could just jump in, the margin differential between categories within our business just isn't that great. It's not like department stores where you make up very significant variations between categories. Our categories tend to be not that different from one another, so mix shift usually don't impact margin to the extent they might other retailers.
Evren Kopelman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeff Stein: Okay. Carol, a little bit of pushback on your comp store sales assumption. You are  you consistently have been talking about the fact that average ticket is beginning to kind of level out and at the same time you are talking about the significant growth in traffic year-over-year. So when you put it all together, how do you come up with flat to negative comps?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, Jeff, as you know, we certainly will strive to beat that. We always are fairly conservative. It helps us keep our inventories very lean, but I can assure that we will attack this as vigorously as we always do and hopefully, we will beat those numbers. But I think it's very smart and prudent to go out on a more conservative note.
Jeff Stein: So it would be more for planning purposes rather than what you hope will eventually produce positive comps?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we always try to plan a little bit conservative. But having said that, we are certainly up against tougher numbers. I mean, we see some areas such as traffic that we think can increase. We certainly see opportunities, which I sort of outlined in my speech, marketing  we are doing a lot of things to drive the business. But again, we think it's smart to plan this way.
Jeff Naylor: Jeff, if you look at a two-year stacked comp, you would say the back half pretty much aligns up with the front half. On a three-year stack, you might say there is a little bit of opportunity. So we will see. I think Carol is right, there is a lot of things we are doing to beat the numbers. But I think when you look at two and three-year stacks, they are crazy numbers in the back half. They may look a little on the conservative side, but we are also up against big numbers, as Carol said, and there is a lot of potential volatility in the economic environment, right? So I think we are just  I think it's safe to be a little bit cautious and position inventories and costs around numbers that you have a level of confidence in.
Carol Meyrowitz: And hopefully, we are conservative.
Jeff Naylor: We won't know until the end of the  year whether we were or not.
Jeff Stein: Jeff, one question on the mark-to-market hedges. How much did that help Winners during  or Canada during second quarter and how much do you think it will hurt in Q3?
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think if you look at the mark-to-market for Winners in the second quarter, it helped them by  I just want to give you the basis points here  by the way, if you look at the web table, that will  the table that we have out on the web, that will help. But I think we were up 410 basis points roughly on a reported basis. I'm sorry, we were up 440 basis points on a reported basis. We would be up 270 basis points currency adjusted, so it was about a third of the margin improvement. I should point out it negatively impacted T.K. though. So T.K. Maxx, where we reported  TJX Europe where we reported $2 million of profit, it would have been $9 million profit if it werent for currency. So it helps the comparisons in Canada, but it hurts them in Europe, but again about a third of the profit declines we saw year-over-year in Europe came from currency in the second quarter. As we go forward, in the back half of the year, last year we had  generally speaking, we had mark-to-market gains in the back half. So we are not going to repeat those gains. So it ends up being a little bit of a headwind in the back half, Jeff. But that's just built into our number. I think we said currency was going to cost us roughly $0.03 in the back half.
Jeff Stein: Got it.
Jeff Naylor: And most of that's mark-to-market gains we had last year that won't repeat this year.
Jeff Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin: Good morning. With regard to the average ticket, I guess, where are you seeing the greatest change? It sounds like it hasn't been a major difference, but moving toward flat, it  is it more units per transaction, is it number of items per basket, if you will, or is it price or mix playing into it? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, it's basically our transactions. Our basket was slightly down, our transactions have been slightly up. But obviously, the ticket is reaching a little bit more of a flattening out. So it remains to be seen in terms of transaction and average basket in the back half. But our ticket flattening out, which is usually positive for us, in addition obviously on the cost structure, it's positive, because it  again, it will certainly help our DC costs and our OPH. So it's only positive for us, we think, going forward. It remains to be seen, I don't know if the basket will continue to be slightly down. We still think we have room to transaction.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. I guess my question was just even within the average ticket change, to the degree that it's getting toward flat, what's driving that?
Carol Meyrowitz: It's really across the board. And again, it's not a change so much in mix, but it's across the board. Now, remember, last year we were dramatically down.
Daniel Hofkin: Right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira: Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Adrianne.
Adrianne Shapira: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the marketing. Perhaps you could share with us, it sound like increased penetration, increased impressions. Perhaps some quantification in terms of the ramp and spend there. And then, Jeff, if you could reconcile, it sounds like on the SG&A you are planning for flat to some leverage in the third quarter so help us think about when this stepped-up marketing spend will hit the back half. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, the marketing spend, it's about 20 basis points, Adrianne. But again, qualitatively, we think it's much stronger. Not only are you going to have a lot more impressions, but the quality of what it is, is a lot stronger than last year. In addition, what I am really excited about is the last time we were on TV in Europe was in 2006. So that's going to be very positive for us.
Adrianne Shapira: Thank you. And then 
Adrianne Shapira: Okay. So in terms of some of the puts and takes that you described in the third quarter that will continue into the fourth?
Jeff Naylor: Yes. Adrianne, if you look at Q3, I think there is a couple of factors that are going on here. First of all, the  we get a benefit, because you'll recall we had incremental bonus expense last year, so that becomes a benefit to the SG&A, and we also have cost savings. And then those are partially offset by deleverage that you would expect on a zero to 2% comp, as well as some investments that we are making in our bench and in our stores organization really to try to continue to improve the customer experience to retain all the new customers that brought into the stores. So you put all that together, we are flat to up 10. On advertising, most of the impact is in the fourth quarter, as Carol mentioned. We have a slight uptick in the third quarter, most of the increase is in the  into the fourth quarter. But that's a third quarter reconciliation you are looking for.
Adrianne Shapira: Thank you.
Jeff Naylor: And it's a similar story by the way if you look at the full back half. The only difference being is that you have that advertising deleverage.
Adrianne Shapira: Okay. So in terms of some of the puts and takes as you described in the third quarter, that will continue into the fourth?
Jeff Naylor: Yes. If you look at the  as you look at the fourth quarter, the same puts and takes. You actually get a little bit bigger bonus  benefit from the bonus. We also had a contribution to the TJX Foundation last year that we made. So you get a bigger benefit there and you have costs savings and those are offset by the natural deleverage and on a minus 1 to minus 2, as well as a higher level of advertising spend.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Slater.
Jennifer: Hi. It's actually Jennifer [ph] for Todd. Congratulations on another good quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jennifer.
Jennifer: A quick question on the U.K. I guess, could you talk a little bit more specifically about the issues there? I mean, I get that you didn't transition well into warm weather categories in the spring, but I assume that that would clear up in a couple of months. So then what happens? And when should we expect that to turn? Did you say that comps would be flat to slightly up in the second half and did you say margins  sorry, go ahead.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Now, we are planning the comps fairly conservatively for the back half. And as I said before, you got to remember that more than 85% of their profit is done in the back half. So we feel stronger about the mix. There is some growing pains in the U.K., but we feel very, very strong. We've got to be balanced about this business. I mean, they have had four years of very, very strong track record. And I think this is the period of time that I think we are going to certainly see a positive in the back half. This is a business that is still going to do 6% to 7% segment profit. And, again, I think we are being prudent in conservative  in conservative comps and planning. But again, we are going to do everything to beat those comps. So I think they are just going to get stronger and stronger. A lot of new people in place, we have the University up and running. So they have some growing pains. Having said that, if I  someone said to me, would you have done the number of stores you did, would you have done it the same way. I would say absolutely, because not to take advantage of the real estate deals that we did and we will continue to do would be a mistake for the medium and the long term for TJX. So  again, I want to be very careful to keep this balance. We have got three new concepts that are certainly going to be making money in the back half and that's  we are talking about a three-year period of time.
Jennifer: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick: Hi. Congrats as well. So trying to look beyond the second half of 2010 here, it looks like Marmaxx is going to end the year around a 13% segment margin. You look back at your Analyst Meeting in October, I think you said your targets were around 11%. So just curious, what do you think are the permanent margin gains that you have made over the last few years? Obviously, some of that is from the comp leverage, but you are clearly running an inventory strategy that's different today than it was. So just curious, will you update your margin target for Marmaxx now that it's above? And then also looking beyond the back half, is your footage plans for Europe changing given the near-term execution? I think we have 65 new stores for next year. Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Brian, in terms of Marmaxx, we are learning  all of TJX is learning every year how to run our inventories better and I have set a big initiative in shipping the right goods to the right store. And we do have a big investment in the supply chain. So I don't know what the ultimate is. Again, I think we have been very, very good on  in the way we handled and improved our business year-over-year. But I still think that we have opportunity. So we will look at Marmaxx and we will certainly look at the model and every year  Marmaxx has run over the last  many, many years flat to up in margin. And we will continue to do so and hopefully, there is some more opportunity there. But I believe that there are places that we can still get better. In terms of Europe, we still want to be aggressive with Europe. We have got most of our heads in place and we have got our infrastructure in place and we will continue to enhance that. But the basis there, we still see tremendous real estate deals. Poland is off to an exceptional start. Germany's average store does what the U.K. does, which is phenomenal. Our four-wall contribution in Germany and Poland are well exceeding plan, as well as HomeSense. So we are going to continue on track to be very aggressive for next year and probably be around the range of the 65 stores.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, we will give you all of that, Brian, on the  when we put our plans in place. We are currently developing them and we will provide those, as we always do on our end-of-year conference call. And I guess just one point of clarification. We are not at 13%  if you do the math, it's about 12.5%, Brian. I think, it  part of the way we got there was by comps, you leverage your G&A down. Those G&A ratios don't go back up unless you comp below a 2%, 2.5%. And we have gotten a lot of improvement in merchandise margin. A lot of that's come from markdowns and lower inventories and we are going to maintain those lower inventory levels and continue to turn them fast. So I think the things we have done are largely sustainable. So we feel pretty comfortable. We will have to figure out what our formal guidance is here. Every time we put a range around Marmaxx, it exceeds it. So more to come there. But I think very comfortable, we can hold the margins  the pretax margins at the current rate.
Carol Meyrowitz: I think the other thing is that we have added more stores and we do see Marmaxx as having over 2,000 stores, which was not probably the way we were thinking several years ago. In addition, where we are opening real estate, like we had seven stores in New York City, those are big volume stores. We are seeing opportunities to go in places that we may have thought possible, not as easily obtainable in the past. So that is also an advantage going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Weiner.
David Weiner: Yes, hi. Good morning. Just to follow-up on the European question in terms of  just a two-parter. In terms of the beneficial rents that you are seeing, is that mostly in the UK or is that in Germany? I think you have talked about that as in Germany as well on department store rationalizations and things like that. Just the second part of it would be, I think as a secondary reason for the weakness in the U.K. T.K. Maxx, you have called out that the U.K. consumer may be showing some weakness. Have you seen that weakness in the German or any other European countries as well? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. No, we really havent seen it in Germany and the real estate opportunities are truly all three countries, in the U.K., Germany, and Poland. And that's why we want to continue to take advantage of it. Germany and Poland are very, very healthy. But again, I think Europe, we can do a better job. So a piece of it is certainly we own and I think we can do a better job with it. We don't really like to look at the economy and use that as an excuse for our business. It really hasn't been in the past and shouldn't be in the future.
David Weiner: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a great first half of the year and good luck in the back half.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Marni.
Marni Shapiro: You are welcome. Could you talk a little bit  I am very interested in this non  in the non-apparel. Are you seeing this trend across just the United States in Marmaxx or is this true for A.J. as well, is it true in Europe? And are there any non-apparel areas that have surprised you to the positive that are worth digging deeper into?
Carol Meyrowitz: The trends are pretty similar across the different divisions and in terms of non-apparel areas, you know I won't talk about that. You will have to yank out my teeth.
Marni Shapiro: Thought I would ask. (Multiple Speakers)
Carol Meyrowitz: Quite a few interesting tests going on and as you know, we are a great laboratory of 2,800 stores. So we will continue to maximize our categories today and certainly new ones that we are testing.
Marni Shapiro: And a quick follow-up in Canada for Marshalls. Are you using the same team for Marshalls U.S. to buy into Canada or are you leveraging off of Winners? How is that working as far as the team from Marshalls Canada?
Carol Meyrowitz: Ernie?
Ernie Herrman: Marni, we will be leveraging off of the Canadian TJX associates out there. So there would be really executing. But at the same time, like we do with everything, we always talk about no walls. Our merchants partner up here with the Marmaxx team, the vendors. I mean, there is a lot of collaboration. But it is driven by the Winners team up there.
Marni Shapiro: Great. So it doesn't have to  it doesn't necessitate an entire new team? That's fabulous. Great, guys. Congratulations.
Ernie Herrman: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine.
Rob Simone: Hi, guys. This is Rob Simone in for Laura. She is out of the office. You guys gave guidance for Q3 in terms of your merch margin and your B&O leverage. Do you  can you comment further on what you are looking in those areas  looking for in those areas in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, sure. So if you look at the back half of the year, we would expect our gross profit margin to be down about 40 to 70 basis points. Most of that is going to be B&O deleverage on the flat to minus 1% comp. We are planning slight merchandise margin decline, although as Carol said we are obviously going to try to beat that. We think that's a prudent way to plan it given the significant increases that we had last year. And there is about a 10-basis point hit from the mark-to-market hedges. So you put that all together, you get a down 40 basis points to a down 70 basis points. But again, most of that's going to be B&O leverage on the  buying and occupancy leverage on the flat to minus 1% comp.
Rob Simone: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Dana.
Dana Telsey: Hi. As you take a look at the real estate opportunity, you have mentioned it before, Carol, is it as good as it has been? And are the returns on the stores different from what they were in the past? Second, just on the merchandise margin opportunities, is it by category or by concept that you are seeing any differences? And when do we hear about any of those new concepts I think that had been previously mentioned? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, Dana, all of your question, we don't usually give answers to. So let me start there. The real estate returns are really exceptional and very, very strong across the board from both the U.S. and the U.K. and Germany and Poland. So we are still seeing that, a little less so in Canada. I have to say of all our areas, that's probably the place where we are not seeing as big an advantage. How long it will last? We really don't know. We are trying to take advantage. We say seize the day, so we will certainly do that. In terms of merchandise margins by category, we really don't talk about that and we really don't know. We are wide open, we are off-price, we have a whole back half; we think there is going to be some tremendous opportunities and we will see what categories they are in as we get a little bit closer.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Sandra Barker [ph].
Sandra Barker: Yes. Could you talk a little bit about the evolution of your thoughts about why Marshalls make sense in Canada and why you need a different concept there?
Carol Meyrowitz: Sure. First of all, we don't do anything without a tremendous amount of research. So we have spent a very long period of time talking to the consumer, doing our research to understand if we can support Marshalls in Canada, and we feel very, very good about doing it. We also will differentiate it dramatically as we do T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. So  again, we think we have opportunities there. Lastly, it is our most profitable division and we think in terms of the TJX portfolio, it will only be very positive and accretive.
Jeff Naylor: I guess, to state the obvious, it's worked well in the U.S. having two concepts and we find our customer cross-shops and we don't think it's going to be any different in Canada, particularly with  as Carol mentioned, we are going to go in with a very high level of differentiation. So we are really comfortable the market opportunity is there and looking forward to opening our first six stores this year.
Sandra Barker: Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone and we look forward to the third quarter and we will speak to you then. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-05-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol Meyrowitz  President & CEO Jeff Naylor  Sr. EVP, CFO & CAO Ernie Herrman  Sr. EVP, Group President Shelly Lang - IR 
Analysts:  Jeff Black  Barclays Capital Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets Brian Tunick  JPMorgan  Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse Kimberly Greenberger  Citi Evren Kopelman  Wells Fargo  Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs  Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research Laura Champine  Cowen and Company Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus David Mann  Johnson Rice  David Weiner  Deutsche Bank Daniel Hofkin  William Blair Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker Stacy Pak  SP Research Patrick McKeever  MKM Partners  
Operator: Welcome to The TJX Companies' first quarter fiscal 2011 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President, and CEO for The TJX Companies, Inc. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Before we begin, Sherry has a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. Forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 30, 2010. Further these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of the United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website in the Investor Information section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks Sherry, and good morning again, and joining me on the call today are with Sherry is Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. So let me start by saying that its great to see our strong momentum continue. We delivered another quarter of above planned results with earnings per share up 63% over last year. You should note that we achieved these strong results on top of comparisons that were quite a bit more challenging than most other retailers faced. Our customer traffic continued to increase significantly which we believe indicates that consumers will remain focused on value regardless of the economic environment. Our strategy to retain new customers and continue growing our customer base are clearly working.  Im going to keep my comments brief today and reiterate the reasons for our confidence in our sustainable profitable growth then update you on our strong first quarter results. I will also discuss our outlook for the second quarter and opportunities in 2010. We will continue to run the business conservatively, keeping inventories lean and reducing costs.  At the same time we are extremely focused on keeping our new customers that weve been gaining and have many initiatives under way across the company to drive results beyond our plans. We continue to have tremendous opportunities for global growth.  Before I continue let me turn the call over to Jeff to recap the numbers for the first quarter. 
Jeff Naylor: Thanks Carol, good morning everybody. Just to recap the first quarter results, our net sales reached $5 billion, thats a 15% increase over last year. Our consolidated comparable store sales were up 9% on top of last years 2% increase.  Diluted earnings per share were $0.80, thats up 63% over last years $0.49 per share and I should mention that foreign currency exchange rate had a slightly positive effect on the year over year growth.  Consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 10.7%, thats up 290 basis points over prior year and that was driven by continued strong merchandise margins, expense leverage on the 9% comp, and solid expense controls.  Foreign currency exchange rates did not meaningfully impact our pre-tax margin comparisons. The gross profit margin was 250 basis points above last year and that reflects strong merchandise margins and significant leverage on buying and occupancy expenses. SG&A expense improved 50 basis points to 16.4% as a percent of sales which is well favorable to our plans. This was achieved despite the deleveraging impact from investments in our European businesses, as well as a lower average retail both of which we discussed on our year-end conference call.  SG&A expense on a dollar basis was in line with our plans despite approximately $170 million in incremental sales above our plan, as we saw very high flow through to the bottom line due in part to the expense controls I mentioned earlier.  As to inventories, at the end of the first quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis including the warehouses were down 12% and thats despite the impact of foreign currency which actually increased inventory levels by 2%. So we were down 12 despite foreign currency pushing up the inventory levels by 2%.  At Marmaxx our total inventory commitment including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order was slightly up versus last year on a per store basis, and as weve discussed on our prior calls we expect Marmaxxs inventory commitments to be flat to up slightly throughout the first half of this year given the much stronger pace of our business compared to last year.  Its important to note that we continue to run the business with very lean inventories and the slight increase in inventory commitments at Marmaxx remains far below the rate of sales and our owned inventories in the stores and DCs are down considerably over prior year levels.  So thats the recap of the first quarter, let me turn it back to Carol and Ill come back at the end to cover second quarter guidance. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Thanks Jeff, moving straight to the key points, first we remain very confident in our top line growth and continue to have significant opportunities to drive comp sales. Second, we have great confidence in our ability to sustain strong profit margins.  And third, we are growing TJX as a global off price value company and have vast opportunities to grow this business over the long-term. Ill start with the reasons for our confidence in the top line growth, first our strong momentum continued in the first quarter with customer traffic increasing significantly.  Its important to note that on a two and three year aggregate basis our comps trend accelerated in the first quarter. Our compelling values continue to attract new customers. In our 33-year history new customers that discovered us when times were tough have continued to shop us when times improve because they love our value. Today we believe that value is more important than ever in customers minds across all demographics . Second we continue to grow our customer base for future. Our customer research tells us that new customers are driving our customer traffic increases and more importantly that the vast majority of these new customers intend to shop us again.  Our research further shows us that we are pulling customers from a widening customer demographic reach. We believe that one of the many elements that differentiates us from other apparel retailers is our very broad consumer appeal.  With our various concepts and international scope we reach all income levels, from moderate to middle to upper, as well as many age ranges. Third we believe our investments in marketing and the shopping experience for our customers are helping us attract and retain new ones.  I believe our marketing campaigns are more powerful than ever and are effectively educating consumers about our great fashion and value. We are seizing opportunities to leverage our marketing spend which means that you will be seeing more of our marketing than ever before and we have skewed this heavily towards the back half of the year when were up against tougher comparisons.  By the fall we will have 700 of our Marmaxx stores remodeled, a program that began last year. As we are seeing sales lifts in our upgraded stores we believe this too will help us in the back half. Fourth, we are beginning to see a moderation in our average ticket. That said, we always need to be right on value and maintain the price gap between us and traditional retailers.  So while we have said that as the economy improves even a slight increase in consumer spending would be meaningful to our business we will remain sharply focused on being priced to offer the best values to our customers.  Now lets move to our confidence in bottom line growth, first our strategy of running with lean inventories continues to work well. Merchandise margins were up again in the first quarter over last years very strong performance.  I should note that in the last 10 years merchandise margins at Marmaxx have been flat or up on an annual basis. Looking ahead we believe we have meaningful opportunities to run even leaner. We are improving our supply chain to run faster and better and become more pointed in flowing merchandise to stores. Second, we are on track with our cost reduction initiatives for 2010 which we continue to expect will total $50 to $75 million this year and as always well certainly strive to beat that plan. Third, as we discussed in our year-end call we have significant opportunities to leverage [structure] costs as we grow the store base of both our younger and more established chains.  Now Id like to reiterate our confidence in our long-term goals for global growth, with over 2700 stores today we are confident that over the long-term we have the potential to grow to over 4200 stores. This represents our potential with just our current concepts in just our existing markets alone.  It does not include rolling out tests of new concepts such as our standalone shoe stores in the US or Canada or expanding into new markets in Europe or eventually new continents. Our growth vehicles are performing well, which underscores our confidence in our plans for accelerated store growth.  To recap our plans we expect to accelerate store growth from 3% in 2009 to 5% in 2010 and then 6% in 2011. We are prioritizing investments and taking advantage of the best real estate opportunities. And further were investing in infrastructure and pursuing top talent on a global level to support our growth.  We continue to view TJX Europe as a major vehicle for our future growth. In the first quarter we believe that unfavorable weather as well as our own execution contributed to a sales miss in the UK and Ireland and segment profit overall was just slightly down.  The first quarter has always been a very small quarter for our European business and despite the slight miss in Q1 were confident in our plans for the full year. Germany, Poland, and HomeSense all performed well in line and above our expectation and we have strong confidence in TJX Europe.  My final point on growth is that beyond adding new stores we have many new ideas that we are testing in all of our businesses that could ultimately grow into new concepts or initiatives. We hope to discuss the details of our new chain on our next quarterly conference call.  We continue to test ecommerce in the UK which could develop into an important growth vehicle. Developing and testing new seeds for growth is part of our DNA and we have many opportunities to expand in directions that play on our success and what we know best.  Now to our financial strength, our strong operations generate substantial amounts of cash which we deploy with a careful balance between reinvesting in our businesses and preserving our financial flexibility and simultaneously distributing excess cash to shareholders.  In terms of share repurchases, we bought back approximately $234 million of TJX stock during the first quarter retiring 5.5 million shares. We continue to expect to repurchase between $900 million and $1 billion of TJX stock in fiscal 2011. Our Board of Directors approved the 25% increase on our per share dividend in April which marks our fourteenth consecutive dividend increase. I want to briefly mention that our strong financials stack up very well against our peers.  Fortune 500 recently ranked TJX number 119 in its survey to the largest company in 2009, up from 131 last year. Additionally among all Fortune 500 companies, we ranked number 11 in return on assets, number 25 in return on equity, and number 77 for 10-year EPS compound annual growth rate.  I will also mention that we were very pleased on behalf of our associates to be named the top performing company in Massachusetts by The Boston Globe, ranking just published today. Moving to our outlook for the second quarter, we will continue to plan our business conservatively and at the same time try our best and do whatever we can to drive results beyond our planned levels, a strategy that has worked successfully over time.  For the second quarter we are planning EPS to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.72, a 10% to 18% increase over last years $0.61 per share. For the full year we now expect EPS to be in the range of $3.21 to $3.32, a 13% to 17% increase over $2.84 per share last year.  This guidance is based on our planning the business around a flat to slightly negative comp in the back half of the year. Jeff will provide more details in just a moment. So in closing I will say again, that we are pleased to see our strong momentum continue, and 2010 is off to a great start. We are very confident that our strong top and bottom line performance is sustainable. We know our comparisons get tougher as this year progresses, but believe we are well positioned to address this. We operate an extremely flexible business model which enables us to capitalize on the value mindset of our consumers.  With our no wall store layouts, we are able to move inventory purchase dollars between categories and react quickly as consumer tastes change. We are growing our customer base for the future and appeal to a broad and diverse customer demographic. Additionally we are investing in marketing, skewing our spending to the second half of the year and enhancing our stores to attract and retain more customers. We have many new ideas and like the availability and quality of goods we are seeing in the marketplace. We view ourselves as a sourcing machine and lever our global buying presence to source from 60 countries. On the bottom line we believe opportunities remain to run the business with even leaner inventories and we continue to focus on reducing and levering costs to drive profitability.  We have accelerated the pace of our growth and are pursuing the many opportunities that this environment is presenting. We are capitalizing on great real estate deals particularly in Europe that we believe will benefit our business long-term.  Further we are building our infrastructure and organization to support this growth. We have exciting prospects for the short-term and are confident in our long-term global growth potential. Ultimately as I previously stated I believe that we will grow TJX to be double the size it is today.  Now Id like to turn it over to Jeff to go through guidance and then well open it up for questions. 
Jeff Naylor: Thanks Carol, so let me provide some details on our second quarter guidance, as Carol mentioned for the second quarter we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.72 and thats a 10% to 18% increase over the $0.61 per share last year.  Were assuming a second quarter top line of approximately $5.1 billion with a comp sales increase of 2% to 4% on a consolidated basis, and 2% to 4% at the Marmaxx group. As to monthly comps were planning for comp sales increases of 1% to 2% in May, 2% to 4% in June, and 2% to 4% in July.  These comp increases are the same for TJX on a consolidated basis and for the Marmaxx group. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 8.9% to 9.4% range which represents a 20 to 70 basis point increase on top of last years 130 basis point increase. Were anticipating second quarter gross profit margin in the range of 25.9% to 26.2% which represents a 30 to 60 basis point increase over last year. I should note this improvement is on top of significant increases last year and is driven by improved merchandising margins as we continue to capitalize on the opportunities Carol mentioned earlier.  We anticipate SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 16.7% to 16.8% which is flat to 10 basis points above last year. The slight decrease in leverage is due to investments in our European business, a lower average retail, and the expense of opening new stores and the expense of remodels that were doing, most of which also impacted Q1 and all of which were anticipated in our original plans. For modeling purposes, were anticipating a tax rate of 38.6% which is higher than last year and negatively impacts EPS growth by two pennies. Were also planning net interest expense in the $10 to $11 million range, corporate expenses in the $39 to $41 million range, and weighted average shares of approximately 413 million.  Now let me turn to the full year, for the full year were now expecting earnings per share to be in the $3.21 to $3.32 per share range, an increase of 13% to 17% over the $2.84 per share in the prior year. Here are the key changes versus the model we gave you at the beginning of the year, first we now estimate consolidated comp store sales growth of 2% to 3%, which is up slightly versus our prior guidance of plus 1% to plus 2%.  We now expect pre-tax profit margins to be 9.9% to 10.2%, thats up 30 to 60 basis points over last year and is 40 basis points above our original guidance. This revised outlook assumes gross profit margins up 20 to 30 basis points over prior year and SG&A rates improving 10 to 20 basis points and again, both of these assumptions are favorable to the original guidance that we gave.  While were not providing quarterly guidance beyond the second quarter the model assumes flat to slightly negative comps in the back half of this year as we anniversary strong numbers. As Carol mentioned earlier, we have many opportunities to do better but believe this is the prudent way to plan our business.  Well now open it for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and to keep the call on schedule were going to continue to enforce our one question limit. After you ask your one question if youd like to, you can get back in the queue and ask another one.  We appreciate your cooperation and thanks, and well open it up now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Black  Barclays Capital
Jeff Black  Barclays Capital: Congrats on a really nice looking quarter, can you talk about what youre seeing with the lower AUR comment and in the average basket overall, is that improving, whats happening with, is it lower because of the mix shift, because of units and on the gross margin that really looks conservative, is there something in the timing of receipts, mix, anything youre seeing in April that leads you to be a little bit more cautious here. 
Jeff Naylor: I think on the average unit retail, we were down low to mid single-digits in the quarter and were seeing that moderate somewhat, but we continue to plan it down slightly and obviously with a lower average unit retail you have to move more units to do the same level of sales which puts pressure on DC and store costs.  We built some of that into the guidance. In terms of the gross profit, weve got 30 to 60 basis points of improvement on top of last years 130, if you actually look at the gross profit margin over the last three years, so in the first quarter if you look over the last three years, weve had 240 basis points improvement in the gross profit margin.  If you look at what were guiding to in the second quarter, it would be about 210 to 240 basis points over that same three period. So its not out of line with the historical trend, that said as Carol mentioned we always try to set our guidance at reasonable levels and obviously have plans in place to beat it.  And I think the low inventory levels that we have coming into the quarter certainly set us up in terms of turning faster and having lower markdowns. But thats the way we set the guidance. 
Carol Meyrowitz : One more comment to that, in terms of the average retail we are seeing it moving in a positive direction but I want to be very careful here because our job is to always give the best value we can. So we dont know what thats going to look like going towards the back half. It could be up and could be down.  So were more focused on value than anything. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Congrats, your full year guidance assumes flat to down comps for the second half as youve mentioned and Im curious as to your assumptions on the AUR, on traffic and also how should we look at Forex effects on sales and earnings for the rest of the year. 
Carol Meyrowitz : In terms of traffic what we have done is weve pushed our marketing plans pretty aggressively in the back half. We also have probably, we have 110 out of the 400 stores that were remodeling done so its very back half driven, along with many merchandise initiatives that we have in place.  So we are being pretty aggressive in the back half and because of the comps, we had such strong comps last year were being very prudent in terms of planning it. But I have a lot of confidence in the back half and I think were doing all the right things. 
Jeff Naylor: In terms of Forex, Ill deal first with sales, sales were up 15% in the first quarter, Forex was worth about three points of that. In the second quarter Forex is worth about one point of our revenue growth will come from Forex in the second quarter at current rates.  And in the last six months its really a non issue [inaudible] of our sales growth. In terms of EPS in the first quarter Forex benefited EPS by a penny compared to a two-cent hit last year. For the second quarter were anticipating a one-cent benefit this year against the one cent hit last year and in the second half were anticipating it to be relatively neutral from an EPS standpoint versus a one-cent benefit last year.  So you can see really from an EPS standpoint its pretty neutral on the year, pretty much a non issue and has a slight impact on sales although that moderates as we go through the year. Now that again, that assumes that the exchange rates stay where they are today which is typically how we would forecast our business. 
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: And just as a follow-up whats the marketing investment change in the second half year over year that Carol mentioned. 
Carol Meyrowitz : We dont give you the exact number but were slightly up, in dollars were up. But more importantly in terms of penetration were being very aggressive. You are going to see our [grips] way up in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick  JPMorgan 
Brian Tunick  JPMorgan : Congrats as well, I guess investors seem to be concerned about the ongoing question about the availability of inventory, the mix between the off price and the make-ups, you talk about inventory turns and supply chain, Im just wondering if you could maybe give us some more confidence or color of why you think gross margins can continue to head higher and then the second question is on T.K. Maxx, can you maybe just give us an idea of how much margin pressure in Q1 came from your new store investments in the other countries versus the sales and the execution mix. 
Carol Meyrowitz : First of all our new store investment in the UK is half the stores and were up to over 50 stores. Half of the stores will be in the first half and youve got to remember that even in the first quarter about 80% to 88% of our sales are done in the back half in the UK. So they are effected more dramatically by the new stores and the remodels in the first quarter, in the first half.  In terms of the availability of goods, were very pleased with what were seeing. We have shut down the team many times through the quarter so theres certainly not a lack of availability and I believe that in terms of our inventory levels we have many divisions that are leaner than other divisions so that we think we have some still improvements to be made there.  But more importantly we have invested and continue to invest in our supply chain and that is allowing us to buy closer to need and it will allow us to continuously do a better job of transitioning the seasons and shipping the right goods to the right stores. So its not just about bringing the inventory down, its really about the mix and how the mix hits the stores by region and by zone.  So we still think we have quite a bit of potential. 
Jeff Naylor: Just to add to your comments on Europe Carol mentioned the same quarter from a sales standpoint, from a profit standpoint we make about 5% of our profits in Europe in the first quarter whereas total TJX is about 20% to 25%. So its a thin quarter. In terms of the impact of the new businesses, in terms of the UK and Ireland our profit dollars and our segment margins were essentially flat year over year. We had a miss on sales, our gross margins were essentially flat because of the flexibility in our business model, were able to adjust. If you then look at Poland, Germany, and HomeSense, slightly higher levels of loss/investment versus last year, that was all anticipated though, and is in line with our plan.  Germany remains very, very much on track to earn a profit this year and Poland and HomeSense we think will be near break even. So we remain confident in those businesses and theyre really on track with what were seeing so far.  
Carol Meyrowitz : Also in terms of weather in the first quarter the home businesses and the non-apparel businesses were absolutely [inaudible] and the same thing in Europe, so we clearly believe that we do have a bit of a weather issue and that did hurt the pace there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Can you just give us the detail on the gross margin for the first quarter merch margin improvement versus the leverage on buying and occupancy and then also just wondering if you could talk about traffic versus ticket by brand. Are there any of the concepts that youve seen ticket turn positive.  
Carol Meyrowitz : In terms of the traffic were really up in all divisions. The traffic has been accelerating, its actually accelerated since the back half.
Jeff Naylor: About 75% to 80% of the gross margin, 250 basis point improvement in the first quarter, 75%, 80% of that was merchandise margin. The balance was buying and occupancy.  
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: But on the ticket are there any of the concepts where ticket is running positive right now over the past quarter or so. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Not really, were really slightly down across the board. But it is come back since the back half but its definitely moving in a more positive direction since the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger  Citi
Kimberly Greenberger  Citi: I was just trying to understand the differential between the decline in inventory per store relative to your comments that Marmaxx is flat, I think you mentioned that there were some divisions where youre down significantly are there any other factors in there that are influencing that, is it that Marmaxx is committing inventory further ahead of time relative to when they were doing it last year or what are the dynamics that are influencing that spread between what the reported inventory per store balance is versus what your comments are about Marmaxxs commitments.
Carol Meyrowitz : Well Marmaxx remember Marmaxx is still against very high sales in the back half so the commitments are really pretty lean when you look at it against last year. So I think we couldnt be in better shape and the turns are faster than theyve ever been before so Im very, very comfortable with our commitments.  We came into May, we made a very conscious decision to keep May very, very lean and we did that as we saw last May was a very hot May. Last June was a very cold June. Were starting to see the opposite and whats beautiful about our business is you can obviously shut it off pretty quickly so we made a very conscious decision and we decided to strategize to keep May very lean and then go much stronger and ship fresh goods in June, shorts and bathing suits and much more summer product a little bit later this year. And those are the things that were learning. We got hurt a little bit in the UK because we came in too summer and then we kind of came back with a little bit of the wrong transition and now were getting ourselves back in line and were in great shape. So thats the beauty of the flexibility. So were very, very comfortable. Im very happy were as lean as we are in May and I think weve made the absolute proper commitments going forward. So, I think our flow is going to be terrific. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman  Wells Fargo 
Evren Kopelman  Wells Fargo : Can you give us an update on the remodels at Marmaxx, maybe how much of the comp improvement if any in the first quarter is driven by remodels and are you seeing a similar lift in comps and how we should think about that in the second half. 
Carol Meyrowitz : We really dont, we dont talk about the percentages. Were very pleased, were also very pleased with the customers reaction so we will continue with this program. We also have tested the remodels across all our divisions done in slightly different ways and were seeing the same type of lift. But I apologize, we really dont give you that number. 
Jeff Naylor: We dont want to break that too fine but suffice it to say that we get strong returns and pay backs on the investments were making and importantly most of the remodels are going to be done by the end of the second quarter so that does help us as we get into the back half in terms of lapping up against the numbers that we are lapping up against. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Its part of our whole back half strategy. 
Evren Kopelman  Wells Fargo : If I could follow-up on the home category as well, clearly theres been a lot of strength, can you give us a little bit color of in home, whats working, is it soft goods, is it hard goods, and kind of the drivers of that and how long do you think we can expect to see double-digit cost in that category. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Honestly our home business is very strong across the board. Its really both soft home, gift giving, hard home, it is, we really dont have too many categories that are soft. I think that home in general out there is stronger. I think theres a weather factor here. But I think more importantly for TJX, I am absolutely thrilled with the mix and I think our values are better than ever.  And I think theyre going to continue that. We are sourcing in some amazing new countries and there is such a stream amount of newness that I believe our trends will continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: In your prepared remarks, the benefit of new customers, just wondering if you can give us some additional color in terms of new customers as a percent of total this year versus last, where the customers are coming from and then what the benefit to the comps. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Again our customer, our increase in customer trend in new customers is continuing. So we really saw a huge lift last year, were continuing to see that lift going forward and as we said before were doing everything possible to keep all of these new customers and continue it into the back half. So we again we don't divide up our transactions and our number of customers but I can tell you that its absolutely accelerating. 
Jeff Naylor: Our comp, as Carol mentioned the customer count has actually accelerated into the first quarter so when we look at transaction growth its accelerating and a big chunk of that is coming from new customers and theyre coming from all over the place. As Carol mentioned in her prepared remarks were really broadening the demographic reach and were also seeing some of those customers very high both intent to repurchase as well as when we look at credit card data, we actually see those new customers are in fact coming back in, in large large numbers to, for a second visit and sometimes more visits.  So were very encouraged by what weve seen in terms of the level of trial were getting from new customers and the level of repeat business were getting from those customers as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs 
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs : On the Memorial Day shift, could you quantify that, we appreciate sort of the monthly comp but give us a sense of what the shift out of May is having an impact into June and then just specifically on categories, obviously were hearing the home strength but give us a little bit more color on what else youre seeing, sort of apparel, accessories, where youre chasing harder, where the strengths are, where youre seeing some encouraging trends from the consumer. 
Jeff Naylor: On the shift, its not as significant for us as it is for other retailers because we dont have large promotional events. So, it ends up being relatively minor. I think we would classify it as less than a point. The other thing that benefits June is that weve got a little bit of a shift in the Fourth of July where with the holiday moving out of June into July that will probably help the June comps because there arent a lot of people that, traffic tends to be down on the day that people have off as they doso its a little bit of a benefit to June but its no where near as material as youd expect it to be from other retailers who promote heavily around the holiday. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Our main plan is not based on the Memorial Day, its really based on where we see the business. In terms of categories, we continue to, our accessories business, our shoe business continues to be very strong. Our junior business with the cube is absolutely exceptional and our mens business is coming around which last year our mens business we werent as happy with. So were starting to see some terrific progress there, which bodes well for Fathers Day. So were pretty excited about that. Thats basically this year versus last year, whats happening, along with a couple of new categories which I wont mention. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: Wondering, the provision for incentive comp and how that effected SG&A in the first quarter compared to last year, was there a material basis point shift year on year. 
Jeff Naylor: No not really because it wasnt until really into the later part of the second and the third and the fourth when we started booking heavier incentive comp impacts. It really didnt have any basis point impact at all on G&A this year versus last year. Because that impact would have come later in the year. 
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: And as far as your leverage point buying and occupancy expenses, where is it currently and where should it be headed as we move deeper into the year and we begin to see an acceleration in new store openings. I would presume that youll require somewhat higher leverage point later on. 
Jeff Naylor: We kind of look at it for, we tend to look at the leverage point for total expenses rather than splitting it. The buying and occupancy SG&A split is something we do for the external reporting. Internally we look at our business merchandise margins and expenses, our expenses the leverage point typically its sort of in the low 3s, 3, 3.25 in that range. What weve done over the past is that we have enough cost reduction though that weve been able to reduce the leverage point down to 2.5% or slightly below and weve done that again this year as you can see from the full year guidance, were getting leverage at 2 and 3 comps more than youd ordinarily, a little bit more than youd expect given 3, 3.5% inflation rate.  In terms of B&O as we go through the year we do have an impact in the back half from, we combine these because weve got new store openings that in the back half of the year we think have about a 10 to a 20 basis point hit that were taking and thats primarily from the costs that we incur prior to opening the stores.  But thats got about a 10 to 20 basis point impact in the back half of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine  Cowen and Company
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: If I go through your gross margin guidance for the year, it clearly indicates a slow down, does that, I understand the occupancy deleverage, but will you also see merch margins decline as you lap those really tough comparisons with your progress in the back half of last year. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Were definitely planning the back half more conservatively. 
Jeff Naylor: On the merchandise margin in the back half its essentially flat is where we plan the merchandise margin to LY and thats whats implied in the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: Could you talk about the European business, the non-domestic businesses and how their four wall contribution is different US to Canada, Canada to the UK and then UK to Germany and if you would comment also on Poland as well. 
Jeff Naylor: Were not public on the numbers per say but the four wall profitability in our core UK business is pretty comparable to Marmaxx. HomeGoods and A.J. Wright are slightly below where Marmaxx is but still at levels that give us very strong returns on invested capital and as we mentioned before A.J. Wrights four wall contribution is increased significantly over the last four years and is actually above the level we need to have a model and have the confidence to roll that business out.  When we look at Germany its early days right because weve got four or five stores in Germany that are two years old and weve got four stores in Germany that are one year old. And weve got another 15 stores that are just beginning their second year. Whats interesting is were seeing contribution margins not that far below T.K. Maxx, T.K. Maxx is UK stores. And weve commented on that, thats one of the things that really makes us excited about Germany, that weve seen sales in an average store in Germany comparable to the UK. The stores are a little bit smaller so they tend to be a little bit more productive. Were seeing turns in gross margins very comparable to the UK.  And so the four wall economics in Germany have really surprised us on the upside which is why weve gone and were going as aggressively as were going. What that matures to its hard to say because were dealing with four wall contributions now that are points below the UK but theres still a lot of maturity ahead of us in those stores that could in fact bring that store contribution margin up to the UK levels and maybe even beyond.  Poland is just too early to say, our stores in Poland have been open for six months now. We like what were seeing but I think its too early to comment on four wall contribution margins until they lap their first year. 
Carol Meyrowitz : And I also might add that HomeGoods four wall contribution has increased significantly so first quarter things are, its been tremendous. So we believe that there may be some additional growth in terms of store count in HomeGoods in the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann  Johnson Rice 
David Mann  Johnson Rice : Another question on the merchandise margin, in terms of the initial market that youre seeing how do you see that trending going forward, in terms of the pricing of the goods that are available. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Theres a lot of talk about cotton prices increasing, wool prices increasing, any increase obviously to us is beneficial and that if your average ticket goes up, its beneficial to us in terms of costs through our DCs, comps, all of that. And I keep coming back to our job is to gap between where everybody else is and where we are.  So whether the cost for apparel is finally not deflationary but inflationary it will certainly benefit TJX. If youre asking about the quality of the goods in the marketplace I think were feeling very good about it. 
Ernie Herrman: I think we said it before, I think the availability were obviously excess inventory driven, the availability is across all categories. The challenge still is to hold back the buyers mainly in this company so it goes in waves sometimes but the wave recently has been just like it has every other quarter which is were having to hold ourselves back based on the amount of goods out there.  So that is always a good sign in terms of mark-up which I think youre asking about, initial mark-up, I think that bodes well for the future. 
Carol Meyrowitz : We are hearing production increasing a bit, so it will be interesting to see what happens in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Weiner  Deutsche Bank
David Weiner  Deutsche Bank: I just had a follow-up on the foreign business, not so much on the contribution but lets say the pre-tax margin plan, I think in past calls youve given kind of a long-term 9% to 10% range, are you still comfortable with that number or do you see upside to it. 
Jeff Naylor: Were comfortable with that general range. With the UK weve, we originally thought that was an 8% to 9% business, thats a business that was almost at 9 last year with still store growth ahead of it and as we grow UK we can leverage the cost in the UK against the growth in Germany, Poland, and other countries that we may enter.  So, and with the strong contribution margins were seeing out of Germany yes I think we continue to feel comfortable with that range.
Carol Meyrowitz : And with our investment were still for the year feeling that the European businesses will certainly again have a positive on pre-tax. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin  William Blair
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair: Just quick question on the near-term comp outlook May to June and then following up on the back half specifically May to June with the weather being unfavorable year to year in May so far I think a lot of companies have talked about that, and then June flipping, do you think that that June forecast could maybe be meaningfully conservative being just a point or so higher especially if you layer in the July 4th shift too, and then looking at the back half obviously recognizing that the rate of growth last year was phenomenal, was there anything that you felt that was like one-time in nature that would cause you to have, recognizing this is your internal plan for budgeting but that would cause you to have like flat to slightly negative comp expectations internally, or for budgeting or because, other than just very very strong results and market share gains last year, anything else that causes you to be incrementally more conservative. 
Carol Meyrowitz : First of all for June I guess Ill just answer it by saying I hope so. And then as far as the back half goes there is nothing going on on a one-time basis at all. I think its very, very prudent to plan the back half conservatively and our whole goal initially for the year, we are going off of a very aggressive year not to plan the back half conservatively I dont think would be a smart thing to do.  So as always we strive to beat our plans. I think we have a lot of initiatives going. I obviously personally would not be happy if we didnt beat those plans. But I really think its the right thing to do and its the right way to plan the business. 
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair: Okay so it comes down to just the outsize level of growth last year as opposed to anything kind of on a current year basis. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Absolutely, from day one I really wanted to get the back half planned flat to down and I think were in a great place. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets
Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets: Can you tell us, I think you said in the past that over the last couple of years the percentage of your upfront buys verse off price buys has been shifting towards off price buys, is that true and is that still the case here in the spring season. 
Carol Meyrowitz : Were pretty flat in terms of percentages and were in a pretty good place. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group: Congratulations. Can you talk a little bit more any more color on the operating margins by division as you had such good progress this quarter, do you see going forward in the forecast is it gross margin, is it SG&A, and is it different by division where you get the leverage points and just lastly the marketing spend, what are you seeing there and magnitude of change as we look to the second half of the year.
Jeff Naylor: I think as we look on a full year basis, so we arent providing a lot of specific guidance but I think in terms of color this year versus last year on a full year basis we continue to, we believe that the segment margins will be up at Marmaxx. We believe theyll be up at Canada, Canada if you recall we had a currency hit last year so we would expect that to be up. Were expecting Europe to be flat to slightly up full year and thats with the investments were making in the three new businesses.  HomeGoods is clearly up and A.J. clearly up and as I mentioned for the total company for the full year the pre-tax margin up 30 to 60 basis points and thats really coming from a mix between the gross profit margin and some SG&A leverage for the full year. Thats kind of a quick snapshot of how the full year guidance looks. 
Carol Meyrowitz : And marketing spend is slightly up but the impressions are very aggressively up for the back half. So youll be seeing a lot of us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Congratulations, great quarter. I know theres obviously plenty of inventory here in the United States but with the stronger dollar is there an opportunity to buy overseas and does it make sense at all to buy overseas more aggressively and ship some of those goods back here and are there pockets across the fleet and across the categories that make more sense to do this, so maybe its not apparel but maybe its home or handbags or something like that, if you could talk a little bit about that.  
Carol Meyrowitz : First of all we have a huge office in Italy, we have people on the ground in India. We have people in China. We have people in the UK. We have over 100 people in Germany and everybody does buy together so we leverage the corporation so we are absolutely, which is part of what we talk about when we say were really a supply chain company.  We take advantage of all of it. If we have to pay in euros, and pounds, or dollars, we do it, whatever is advantageous. So we absolutely are taking full advantage of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak  SP Research
Stacy Pak  SP Research: Question on Europe just wondering if you would comment what youre seeing there currently with sort of all the mess over there, have you seen a change in momentum in your business there. I guess just circling back to what you said about TK for Q1, can you repeat how you know it was weather in addition to your own execution and Im just obviously kind of zeroing in on the economy there. Can you explain, did you say its top line and bottom line neutral FX in the back half and then lastly just on May, if youre not expecting any real shift from Memorial Day then is the decline youre forecasting in May on the two year is that really all the weather youre seeing now or are you also being conservative there. 
Carol Meyrowitz : First of all last May was our highest comp in the quarter that were up against so between that and the shift I think thats the way we should be planning it and we are. In terms of the UK you can always ask the question is it weather or is it execution, the UK obviously the economy was pretty bad a year ago. They got hit as dramatically as the US did so I really, as I hate to use that as an excuse, theres very clearly categories that are working that read to weather. We know what the mix was. We know how we transitioned and it was completely the opposite weather pattern of a year ago. And we also know the things that we do in terms of execution and what we can fix. Having said that they did have a drop in sales in the UK to plan but their margins were pretty much the same so they did a pretty good job of that and thats by keeping lean inventories.  So my answer to that is that I think that some of it is our own doing and some of it is the weather. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever  MKM Partners 
Patrick McKeever  MKM Partners : You mentioned that 75 to I think you said 80% of the gross margin improvement in the quarter was merchandise margins, wondering how that just that differential has changed over the past few quarters. If you look back to the back half of last year for example how much of the gross margin expansion that you saw was due to merchandise margin improvement. 
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I actually dont have those numbers here in front of me, I apologize. Last year given the strength of the comp in the back half I would have expected that we would have had more buying and occupancy leverage than were showing. Right now we had a 10 comp in the back half which would have, particularly the 12 comp in the fourth quarter we would in all likelihood would have seen more buying and occupancy leverage then were seeing right now.  But I apologize, I just dont, you stumped me with the one question I dont have the numbers in my book. So well have to respond to that offline. 
Patrick McKeever  MKM Partners : And then you talked last year a fair bit about opening up new vendors at a nice clip and Im just wondering if that same thing is true today. I know youre always opening up new vendors but do you feel like that momentum that you saw with opening up new vendors last year has continued into 2010.
Carol Meyrowitz : Yes it has and as a matter of fact we are hitting a lot of new countries so we are seeing that and again I just think its making the mix very, very eclectic and interesting. So that continues to happen. Were very pleased. I want to thank everyone and we look forward to giving you the Q2 results and thank you again.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-02-24 22:48:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz  President and CEO Sherry Lang  IR Jeff Naylor  Senior EVP, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer Ernie Herrman  Senior EVP, Group President
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger  Citi Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Black  Barclays Capital Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley Daniel Hofkin  William Blair Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets Stacy Pak  SP Research Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets Laura Champine  Cowen and Company Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker David Weiner  Deutsche Bank David Glick  Buckingham Research Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies' fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded Wednesday, February 24, 2010. I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies, Incorporated. Please go ahead, madam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, Eran. And good morning everyone. Before I begin, Sherry has few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2009. Further these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website www.tjx.com in the Investor Information section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it back over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. And joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. 2009 was the great year, but it was a great year on top of many great years. I believe that we have many more ahead of us, which is why I am going to spend a lot of time on this call talking about  or not talking about 09s results. I will focus instead on why we believe so strongly that our consistent profitable growth to sustain as well. I will discuss why we are convinced that our new customers will continue to shop less even when times improve, and we will continue to gain market share. Then I will drove into why we believe our strong margin is sustainable. Lastly Ill discuss in many ways in which we are growing this company profitably for the future. Before I continue Ill turn the call over to Jeff to recap full year and fourth quarter results.
Jeff Naylor: Okay, thanks Carol. Good morning everybody. I will begin by recapping the full year fiscal 2010 results. To begin, net sales reached $20.3 billion, thats a 7% increase over the last on a reported basis and adds up 8% on a 52-week comparable basis, which excludes the one point benefit we got from the extra week in last years fiscal calendar. Consolidated comp store sales were up 6% on top of last year's 1% increase, which was a much tougher comparison than those of our retail peer group. As weve noted many times before, comps were driven and continue to be driven by increased customer transactions as the value of the average basket was down in the mid-single digit range. For the year diluted earnings per share were $2.84, up 37% over last year's $2.08 per share. The prior year benefited from an extra week in our fiscal calendar as well as certain other items, which impact comparability and will be detailed in today's press release. If we exclude these items on a 52-week comparable basis, EPS increased 48% over last years adjusted $1.92 per share. Foreign currency exchange rates were not a significant factor, negatively impacted EPS by a penny this year compared with a one penny benefit last year. So clearly we have a business model that delivers consistent EPS growth. Weve delivered 14 consecutive years of EPS growth on a continuing operations basis, and weve achieved compound annual EPS growth of 18% over the last five years, 13% over the last 10 years and 23% over the last 15 years. Clearly, our financial performance of growth has been consistent. We have a model that is much more stable and less volatile than the vast majority of retailers with very high returns on invested capital. Continuing with last year's results, the consolidated pretax profit margin was 9.6%, that's up 200 basis points from prior year on a reported basis. Comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted by approximately 40 basis points due to last year's 53rd week as well as certain items impacting comparability that again are detailed in our release this morning. Foreign currency exchange rates did not meaningfully impacted pretax margin comparison. And the gross profit margin was 210 basis points above last year, primarily due to very strong merchandize margins combined with some buying and occupancy expense leverage. SG&A expense improved 10 basis points as a percentage of sales despite a 50 basis point increase in expenses related to performance based incentive compensation as we exceeded our plan so significantly. As weve discussed on prior calls, we have a broad based incentive comp that goes very deep into the organization and includes thousands of associates including our store managers. Excluding this item SG&A expenses improved 60 basis points compared to prior year. As to the inventories, at the end of the fourth quarter consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouse were down 10%, and excluding the impact of foreign currency they were down 12% per store. We began the year with very clean inventories, extremely well positioned to take advantage of the enormous buying opportunities in the marketplace. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores and merchandise on order was essentially flat versus last year on a per-store basis. We would expect Marmaxx inventory commitments to be flat to slightly up over the first half of fiscal 2011given the strong pace of our business this year compared to last. Let me now turn to the fourth quarter results. Net sales for the 13-week fourth quarter were $5.9 billion, a 10% increase over last year on a reported basis, and up 18% on a 13-week comparable basis, which excludes the 8 point of the extra week in last years fiscal calendar. Our consolidated comp store sales were up very strong 12% for the quarter. Diluted EPS for the fourth quarter were $0.94, thats up 62% over last years reported $0.58 per share. Again, prior years results included items impacting comparability which are detailed in todays press release. Excluding these items diluted EPS increased 104% over the adjusted $0.46 per share last year. Our consolidated pretax margin was 10.7%, up 330 basis points over prior year for the quarter. Comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted by the prior-year reduction to the computer intrusions reserve which benefited last years pretax margins of 540 [ph] basis points. So theyre actually up a little bit more than we have this year with that impact. Our gross profit margin improved 410 basis points over last year due to extremely strong merchandised margins combined with buying and occupancy expense leverage. The benefit of the 53-week to last years gross profit margins were essentially offset by the negative impact of mark-to-market adjustments on inventory hedges during the same period last year. SG&A expense for the quarter was up 30 basis points as a percentage of sales with the positive impact of cost reduction initiatives and expense leverage more than offset by higher performance based incentive compensation in contribution to the TJX Foundation which combined had an adverse 110 basis point impact. So excluding that impact, SG&A actually leveraged by 80 basis points. Now let me turn the call back to Carol and I will recap our first quarter full-year guidance at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jack. So let me get straight to the major scene I want to highlight on this call, which are first, why we believe our strong comps and customer traffics are sustainable; second, why we are confident that our margins are sustainable; and third, how we plan to increase square footage growth while simultaneously delivering strong financial returns. We are very confident that our outstanding 2009 performance was not a one-year phenomena and we believe that we can ultimately grow this company to be double the size that its today. I will begin with what gives us confidence and the sustainability of strong comps and traffic. First, we entered 2010 with significant momentum which bodes very well for our future. If we look at our two- and three-year aggregate comps, the trend in our business continues to accelerate in the fourth quarter. Second, we believe that there has been a paradigm shift among customers to value. We expect that the economic recovery will be needed and our history shows that after recession new customers stick with us and comps increase. Regardless of whether the economy is weak or strong, value isn't going out of style. Also, if some of our newly acquired customers go back to shopping at their favorite high-end department store more often than in the past, it does not mean theyll stop shopping us. Our value proposition meets the needs of the consumer in an unconventional way. Our no walls business model enables us to shift rapidly as customers pace change. We can entirely eliminate one category and open a new category within weeks or months. We are sourcing products around the globe; we have opened over 2,000 new vendors in 2009 bringing the number in our vendor universe to over 12,000. We are actually more of a sourcing machine than practically any other retailer, and I am not sure that this is understood as well as it should be. I believe the quality of our merchandize mix is more exciting than ever and getting even better. My expectations for 2010 is to vow our customers even more. The third reason we believe our strong comp and profit are sustainable with our broad customer demographic reach, which we believe is wider than just about any other retailer. With our various concepts and international scope, we have heeled to high, middle and low-end demographics. Our numbers tell us that new customers are driving our transaction, and that we are pulling new customers from a widening range of income level. There is a whole new group of customers out there who have discovered us and could not be happier with the value that we are bringing to them. Even more exciting is that our research shows us that new customers intend to continue shopping with us. Our research further shows that 75% of US shoppers have not shopped our stores in the past year. That means there are tens of millions of untapped shoppers in just the US alone we can attract to our stores with great value. Fourth, we are making significant investments in marketing to drive traffic and then our shopping experience keep our customers coming back. We expanded our advertising reach in 2009 and well go even further this year. We will be continuing with our educational messaging, increasing our advertising spend and our penetration will be even greater than last year. While our marketing message is driving new customers to our stores, we understand that a great shopping experience is what keeps them coming back. In '09, we began an extensive store remodel program, and by fall 2010 Marmaxx will have 700 stores in the new prototype. As this represents 40% of Marmaxx stores and we are seamless [ph] in remodel stores, we believe this creates an opportunity for us in the back half. We expect to continue our aggressive remodel program over the next three year. When we considered the combination of our momentum, the paradigm shift of consumers to value, our unusually wide demographic reach, the strength of our marketing and our upgrading the shopping experience, what all of this means for the future of our business, we believe that our strong momentum will continue. Now I'll move from top line drivers and margin sustainability, which we know is a big topic of discussion out there. Let me start by saying that we expect pretax margins to increase slightly in 2010 on top of a very strong year we just delivered. Jeff will get into the details in a moment but let me share with you why we are confident that we will achieve our margin goals. First, our gross margin increases in 2009 were largely driven by lower inventory levels, and we plan to run even higher this year. Our inventories are turning faster than ever before and our plan is to turn that even faster in 2010. Leaner inventories and faster turns both are biased by even closest can be driving mark-on and reducing mark downs. Merchandised margins increased significantly in 2009 and we are planning the outcome of slightly in 2010  in 2010 on top of 2009 strong performance. Further, we continue to improve our supply chain to work faster and better, getting the right merchandise to the right stores at the right time. The bottom-line here is that improved merchandised margins are sustainable as long as we manage our inventories well and lean. Second, we obtained the benefit of our cost containment initiatives in the last few years and believe that significant opportunities still remain. For 2010, we are planning expense reductions of $50 million to $75 million and I believe we have a good chance of exceeding that range. Our big rocks continue to be non-merchandised procurement in store and DC labor efficiencies and supply chain. Third, we continue to have significant leverage opportunities. Our younger businesses are still moving towards a targeted profit margin potential and we gain leverage as they grow their store basis. We also gained leverage at our establish businesses Marmaxx and TJX Canada continue to grow their store fleet. Our European expansion enables us to spread cost across a wider store base and leverage our Pan European structure. Further, our newer European businesses are showing very attractive financial return potential. Our stores in Germany continue to outperform and we expect our German business to be profitable this year. We are also pleased with Polands initial sales. Now lets turn to how we plan to grow square footage and simultaneously drive strong financial returns. We netted 91 stores in 2009 and the vast majority are exceeding plans. With the success of our growth vehicles, we now believe we can grow square footage at a rate faster moving from 3% in 2009 to 5% in 2010 or a net 130 stores. Further, in 2011 our plans call for accelerating square footage growth to approximately 6%. Let me share with you the reason for our confident and accelerating the pace of our growth. TJX has plenty of room to grow. With over 2700 stores today, we believe we have the potential to ultimately grow to over 4200 stores with just our current portfolio in our current markets alone. Thats before our further expansion in Europe or a rollout of our standalone shoe concept or any other new concept. We have a successful track record of delivering growth with financial return. Returns on invested capital  our invested capital has increased as we have grown our business and now stand at 20% after tax. Now lets talk about how we're looking at growth. We continue to believe that we are far from finish in adding stores to Marmaxx. We see the potential to add several hundred more stores at this division and grow it to the over 2,000 stores long-term. Because we see this potential, and because of the huge leverage we get from Marmaxx, our priority is to aggressively add stores to Marmaxx while supporting growth for HomeGoods and A.J. Wright. HomeGoods had an outstanding year in 2009 delivering segments profit margins that support our growth plan. A.J. Wright also had a great year achieving store contribution level that give us the confidence to rollout this chain further. We will take a steady approach with these businesses in 2010 and may accelerate store growth in 2011. Further we are pleased with our standalone Marshalls Shoe Megashop concept, just one of our growth thing [ph]. TJX Europe is exceeding expectations and the landscape is wide open for A.J. Wright. In addition to Germany performing well customers response to HomeSense in the UK is phenomenal and Poland is off to a solid start. With the early success of these businesses, we will be growing at a faster pace in Europe this year and likely well do more next year. We also want to tell you about our plan to launch a new off chain concept in spring of 2011. We are not ready to let you know the name or the details yet, but it has the potential to be a 90 to a 100 store chain. Stay tuned as we will be sharing more with you as soon as we get on to this exciting venture. The final point I want to share with you on growth is that we are investing in our infrastructure and hiring the best talent globally to support our plans for square footage growth acceleration. Now Ill spend a moment on our financial strength. For 2010, we are taking a balanced approach to managing our cash. First, were aggressively investing in our growth and we are increasing our CapEx to $750 million range. Jeff will provide details on this in a moment. Even with this increase, we plan to buyback close to $1 billion of TJX stock, and expect that our Board of Directors will increase our dividend by 25%. With all of this we still forecast ending 2010 with cash well over $1 billion. In terms of our financial plans for fiscal 2011, we will continue to plan conservatively and strive to surpass our goals as we have done successfully over time. Jeff will go through guidance in detail in a moment. So in closing, I hope that I have  in closing I hope that what I shared with you today make you as confident as we are in the continued profitable growth of TJX. We are very confident that our top line and bottom line performance is sustainable. We started 2010 with great momentum, which we believe bodes relative extremely well for our businesses. We are not your average retailer, we operate an extraordinary business model on a very large scale that delivers consistent performance in strong and weak economic environment and enables us to create merchandise categories quickly and ease the stake current with the customer demand. We believe were extremely well positioned to capitalize on the value oriented mindset of consumers, which believe is here to stay. We have very broad customer appeal, and it is only widening in its environment. All of our growth vehicles are performing well, and we have plentiful opportunities in front of us on our confidence and our ability to deliver growth with financial return. I am excited about our growth prospectus for 2010 and believe we have many more great years to come. Our no loss business model allows us to drive cost, we are increasing the rate of square footage growth and we plan to run with even leaner, faster turning inventories which allows us to increase margin. While aggressively reinvesting in our business, we are also distributing significant returns to our shareholders. We are careful and methodical in our approach to our business and have the confidence that TJX will be a $30 billion and then $40 billon company. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Jeff to go through our guidance and then we will open it up for questions.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Let me first provide you with our view of the three-year model. We continue to model on annual EPS growth rate for the next three years in a 12% range, which as Carol mentioned, we have exceeded over time. This model is based on a comp store sales increase in the 2% range, square footage growth in the 5% to 6% range, margin expansion contributing approximately 1 percentage point of EPS growth and 3 to 4 points of EPS growth coming from the stock buyback. This difference from prior models, as Carol noted earlier, as we are planning acceleration in the square footage growth. Let me downturn the guidance for fiscal 2011 and cover both the full year and the first quarter. My full year comments are going to be at high level, and we are providing guidance for TJX on a consolidated basis only at this time. On the other hand, the first quarter guidance will be more detailed and we will have a full model with division detail available for you. For fiscal 2011, we expect diluted EPS from continuing operations for the full year to be in the range of $3.06 to $3.20 which represents an 8% to 13% increase over $2.84 which we earned in fiscal 2010. Some of the detail. This guidance assumes consolidated top-line sales of about 21.5 billion to 21.7 billion and a consolidated comp store sales increase in the 1% to 2% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. For the year, we expect pre-tax profit margins to be 9.5% to 9.8%. This represents a 10 basis points decrease to a 20 basis point increase over fiscal 2010, our strong margin performance. We are confident we can deliver this level of profitability at a very low single-digit comp increase giving continued inventory management and cost reductions opportunities. Some of the elements, we expect gross profit margin to be flat to slightly up, and SG&A to be flat to slightly down as a percentage of sales versus fiscal 2010, again, on a 1% to 2% comp. Foreign exchange rates, assuming current levels, provide about a penny of the planed EPS growth over fiscal 2010. For modeling purposes, we are planning net interest expense in the $40 million range and tax rate of 38.4%, which is up 60 basis points over prior year and a weighted average share count of 409 million. Capital is planned in the $750 million range, and we are planning to buy back in the range of 900 million to 1 billion. While we are not providing guidance here on our first quarter, we would expect comps to be stronger in the first half and then flat to slightly down in the back half as we anniversary last years strong numbers. Now, let me turn to first quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.65 which is a 22% to 33% increase over last years very strong $0.49 per share. We are assuming a first quarter top line in the $4.8 billion range with comps in the 3% to 5% range on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group. As the monthly costs for the first quarter, for February we are planning comp sales increases of 8% to 9% on a consolidated basis, and 9% to 10% at the Marmaxx Group, and I should note that these increases are coming despite the unfavorable wintry weather that we saw during the month. On both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we are planning on comp increases of 2% to 4% in March, and flat 2% in April, which are reflective of the shift in Easter earlier in the calendar this year. Pretax profit margins are planned in the 8.5% to 9% range in Q1, up 70 to 120 basis points over prior year. In terms of some of the elements, were anticipating first quarter gross margin in the range of 25.8% to 26.2%, which is 100 to 140 basis points above last years strong performance. Were expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 17% to 17.1%, now thats up 10 to 20 basis points over prior year. This increase is largely driven by higher store payrolls, because we are up against some very deep cuts last year, probably too deep, and also are impacted by the impact of our European new businesses and certain other factors, which combined slightly offset our planned cost reductions. Again as I mentioned earlier we are planning SG&A flat to slightly down for the full year on the 1% to 2% comp, and comp our ability to leverage. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% and net interest expense to be in the $10 million to $11 million range. We anticipate a weighted average share count of approximately 414 million for the quarter. I will wrap it up with our store growth plans for next year, for fiscal 2011. As Carol mentioned on a consolidated basis we planned to net 130 stores for a total of 2873 stores by yearend and increase square footage by approximately 5%, so let me talk to these statistics. In the US starting with Marmaxx, we planned to increase the store base by a net of about 43 stores for a total of 1746 stores by yearend. At HomeGoods weve planned to net nine stores for a total of 332 HomeGoods stores by the end of the year. At A.J. Wright, we anticipate netting eight stores for a total of 158 stores by yearend. At TJX Canada, we planned to net four Winners stores and two HomeSense stores to end the year with a total of 296 stores in Canada. Now in Europe, we expect to add a net of 44 new stores in fiscal 2011. In the UK, we expect to add 10 T.K. Maxx stores as well as six HomeSense stores for a combined total of 265 by the end of the year. We will continue to take advantage of the phenomenal real estate opportunities were seeing in the UK. We also expect to open 25 stores in Germany for a total of 49 stores in that country by the end of the year. In Poland, we expect to open three stores in fiscal 2011 for a total of seven stores in that country by the end of the year. And finally, like last year we are maintaining a funded our capital plan to take advantage of the best real estate opportunities, the bulk of which will likely be at Marmaxx and in the UK. These additional stores are included in the 130 stores weve planned to add in fiscal '011, but not in the divisional plan I've just recount. We ask you please  well open the questions now, we ask you to please limit your questions to one per person. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to enforce the one question limit, and we appreciate your cooperation. So thanks, and with that I'll turn it back to Eran and wed like to take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Kimberly, how are you?
Kimberly Greenberger  Citi: I am great, Carol. Congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Kimberly Greenberger  Citi: Carol, I think you gave a lot of compelling reasons as to why the operating margin is sustainable here, I am just looking back historically, and there have been slight volatility over time in that operating margin and I am wondering if there has been a fundamental change in the way we run business that leads you to believe that maybe some of that volatility has been removed? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, weve been earnestly striving over the year in terms of the supply chain to lean up our inventories and to make us faster fresher, thats been a goal that we have been working on for several years. So, I think that this year was a big step for us in running our inventories a lot leaner and turning almost a week faster. I believe that we have reached a level that we can go a little bit further, but I think there is a shift in the way we run our business.
Jeff Naylor: We have in the past and really historically when you look back beyond three to four years back, when with ploughing [ph] back into business we have typically had planned our businesses at higher level of comps. And what happens is that if we have a miss, it was harder to pull back both inventory in cost dollars which is related to some of that volatility. And I think now given that we plan our comps much lower than we did in the past, we set the inventory plans as Carol mentioned, much leaner now as a result of that as well as actions weve taken to improve the way we manage inventory. And we are also more focused on cost reduction over the last three, four years than we were in the past. All those things really help take the volatility out. The one other thing I want to add is that when you look at the volatility our gross profit  our volatility is so much lower than any other retailer out there. I am sure, youll have, given the way we can chase; its an opportunity to adjust inventory levels.
Kimberly Greenberger  Citi: Thats the way everybody thinks?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well the only time we have gotten ourselves in trouble is honestly when we have driven up our inventory too high.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks very much. A question on inventory turn, we have seen that there is nice acceleration in turn  one ring where you ended by division with in-store turns, and where do you think you can go from here, its already remarkably  or remarkable historically? Thanks very much.
Carol Meyrowitz: Richard, we dont  we really dont talk as to the individual division turns. I can however tell you that, again, we do believe that there is room for us to turn even faster than we did in 09 and thats what we are striving for.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: And if I can just ask a second, the Internet business by some offsite retailers, I am sure you have seen Movealot [ph] or Galeton [ph] just wondering how do you see that relates to your business?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we did start an Internet business in Europe and we are actually very pleased with the results. We are well aware whats going on out there in terms of the Internet, and as we  we still  that will be a future possibility for us and, again, we want to be methodical thoughtful, and when we do get to enter in that arena in the States we would like to do it right. We were in the Internet business in the past; we closed it but we have been researching it and I think its a future potential for us.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus: Look forward to hearing more on that. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Black.
Jeff Black  Barclays Capital: Hey, thanks. Turning to the store build-out, it looks like there is more of an emphasis on the core Marmaxx over the next couple of years. I am just wondering whats driving that. Is it lower rents, or are you finding better opportunities? And, also on the A.J. Wright business, related to that, it looks like we are building fewer stores than I would have thought. You say the business is where you want to be, is there just more work that needs to be done before we definitively roll that out in a bigger fashion then, can it still be the growth vehicle, you have been contemplating in the past several years? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff, it's all about prioritizing. Its just, when you have an open to buy, we see  we take the moment and time to seize the day. Marmaxx what we are seeing is with the Marshalls next to Maxx, both are performing extremely well, we differentiated the businesses over the years, and we are really at a point in time when we are putting the two together, they both do extremely well. So we are seeing more room there. We are also seeing our Mega shoe concepts doing well. So, it's really a matter of prioritizing, so we are exceeding A.J.s, we are exceeding HomeGoods, but at the same time we really want to accelerate Marmaxx and Europe because the return on investment is so strong there. So we absolutely believe that A.J. Wright right has the potential to be 500 plus stores, but again its taking that capital and being intelligent how we invest it.
Jeff Black  Barclays Capital: Great, thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from the Michelle Clark.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning and congratulations on a very strong quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: Carol, in the past you said that as you see less attractive buyers [ph], inventory turns start to pick up in the wholesale channel that you can increase AUR. We would love to hear your thoughts on the potential to take up AUR by segment, your outlook for 2010?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, we planned it conservatively, so we have plans, our average retail is slightly down, however, that's only going to be on the plus side as it trends up, and we are going to see how it goes through the year. It is leveling off at this point, and we are seeing a little bit of  less of a decline from a year ago. So, again, its about keeping that distance between us and the department store. So to us it will just be upside, if its flat or slightly up this year.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: And what do you think is the potential, how much do you think you can increase without negatively impacting traffic in the stores?
Carol Meyrowitz: I go after pure value, so I never look at it as what it should be or how to plan it. We go after it as we want to give the best value to the customer.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair: Good morning. Excellent results. Just had a, I guess, a question about one or two of the divisions in the fourth quarter, the segment profits at A.J. Wright specifically. And then I guess, looking specifically related to your comments on the vendor base having grown so substantially in 2009, what  are you at this point pretty satisfied with kind of the current size of the base and the mix of vendors or do you see a potential even further opportunities given the continued fallouts from the recession? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: All right. Well, I'll foster the vendor base and then Jeff will talk to A.J segment comp in the fourth quarter. You know we are going to keep increasing our vendor base, I mean we have worked very, very hard in the last several years, and as Ive talked before we have over a 100 people in Germany. We have offices now in India, we have offices in France, we have offices in Denmark. So its the excitement of our mix and its future its constant change and newness and being ahead of our fashion curve. So we will continue to increase our vendor base, and obviously there will be standard that we drop because they may not be appropriate for our business, but this is never going to stop, I mean, this is part of what until we are and thats part of our supply chain machine. So, we will increase that. Jeff, you want to go through?
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I am going to anticipate your question here, Daniel. I am going to  A.J. Wright last year reported a second profit margin of 2.7% in the quarter and this year its 2.5%. So I assume you are curious as to why it would be down 20 basis points when we true-up inc comp on the business. And its really simple, the function of the 53rd week and the bonus. Last year we benefited 70 basis points from the 53rd week. We obviously didnt have that 53rd week this year. And also the bonus impacted A.J. Wright by about 70 basis points. So its almost  the other A.J. actually excluding those factors increased its pretax segment profitability by a 120 basis points, which is really in line with what we would have expected it to be. In terms of  I am going to  you didnt ask this question, but we actually had a very similar situation with Europe, where Europe was down a 100 basis points on a reported basis but when you back up the 53rd week and the bonus you actually got quite a bit of leverage there to. So, I will anticipate that might be a question of you will be interested and thats the answer.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair: I appreciate that. It was really to that  I guess, the question of did those divisions in light of those two, sort of, non-comparable factors, were they in line with your margin expectations?
Jeff Naylor: Very much, though, actually above the margin expectation. We are seeing strong merchandised margins across those businesses just as we did in other businesses and we are continuing the leverage cost when you slid out the bonus.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks guys. Can you maybe share with us your traffic first ticket assumptions that underpinned that 1% to 2% comp guidance, and Jeff, can you maybe give us a breakdown on CapEx just how to split up that 750 between new stores and remodels and other projects might have going on?
Jeff Naylor: Sure.
Carol Meyrowitz: First of all, we dont give specifics on traffic, but I can assure you its continuing and its very, very aggressive and we are seeing that continue in the months of February. So we have pretty strong momentum there. Jeff, you want to address that?
Jeff Naylor: I think as you think about it, we the retail spots are slightly down, transactions would be often  that would be implied in the one to two, so. In terms of capital, maybe I just talked to the increases, Paul thats okay. We would anticipate that between new stores, remodels and in-store initiatives that, that would represent about two-thirds of the growth in the CapEx budget year-over-year. The balance of it is adding distribution capacity to support our European growth as well as some systems investment to support European growth and to replace some end of life hardware. I mean, probably would have said in the United States. We are doing nothing in the systems or by the way that would put our business at risks to sell a major software replacement or anything about sort of note. The one other thing included in the increases is that we do have an opportunity fund or a contingency that is available to Carol to add some more new stores or other investments as we see. So its kind of hitting that we are maintaining in corporate thats about 30 plus.
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Jeff, how much is the cost to open a store in the US versus Europe?
Jeff Naylor:
 :
 :
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. I was going to say, Paul, we are going to in terms of CapEx we're going to continue pretty close to that pace going forward.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I mean, the cost to open a new store in the US, its obviously more expensive in Europe, just kind of flipping through some numbers, make sure I give you a good number. I think with the inventory, this is almost twice as much in Europe. But that said, our European stores are significantly more productive than our U.S. stores because of the density that we typically find around the store, which allows us to generate similar contribution markets as we would make in Marmaxx.
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Thanks guys. Good luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Stein.
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: Jeff, couple of questions here real quickly. One, incentive comps, and I'm wondering is part of the increase that we are seeing in the first quarter due to the fact that youre going to try and smooth out the incentive comp accrual in the new fiscal year? And then also, if you can kind of break out for us the leverage in buying and occupancy versus merchandise margin improvement that you saw for the fourth quarter and year? Thank you.
Jeff Naylor: Okay. So, in terms of the impact of the bonus on the  First, you wanted that on the first quarter, right, Jeff?
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: Yes, first quarter, and then for the year as well. I presume that it was so large in the back half of the year because you just had under accrued during the first two quarters, maybe thats not correct but I'm assuming thats part of it.
Jeff Naylor: Part of it was a pick up, so there is not a  as we look at the SG&A rate for first quarter of fiscal '11, incentive comp doesnt have a  isnt a big factor because we were essentially on our plan or slightly ahead of the plan last year in the first quarter, so we didn't have a tick-up in incentive comp last year that were going up again this year. As we look at the full year we do have, we kind of break down the SG&A. We have got  we are on the pickup for the full year from bonus, Jeff, because obviously we have a higher bonus expense in fiscal 10 that we are going to have in fiscal 11 because of the  we are planning fiscal 10  fiscal 11, as we plan for fiscal 11. So we are planning fiscal 11 as a plan, whereas in fiscal 10 we significantly exceeded the plans. So there is pickup in the bonus that is largely being offset by some expense increases in some other areas. We get a little bit of deleveraging, in fact as we  but the rapid expansion in the European business, the average retail we are planning down, as Carol mentioned that we need to ship more units to do the same business so that has some impact on SG&A. There is some increases in medical costs and so on. So those largely offset the pickup we get from the bonus next year.
Carol Meyrowitz: And investment.
Jeff Naylor: Right.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah.
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: Okay, and buying an occupancy and merchandised margin?
Jeff Naylor: Yeah, we really dont break that up. I guess what I would tell you is that we saw significant buying in occupancy leverage for the year and for the quarter but the lion share of the improvement in the gross profit margins will be incurred by merchandised margin.
Jeff Stein  Soleil-Stein Research: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. A question, you had mentioned, Carol, and obviously a big focus is to hold onto the new customers and drive that stickiness, and so I am wondering the remodel, it sounds as if you are seeing a conflict, any sort of help in terms of quantification because when we think about the guidance for the year as a one to two, you are obviously starting off very strong, with strong momentum in the three to five for Q1, I am just wondering since 40% of the Marmaxx would be in the remodeled format, why then should we expect the comps to decelerate to that one to two for the year?
Carol Meyrowitz: Obviously, we really dont give out specific remodel cost, but and I think that as always we put a conservative model out there what we feel that we want to obviously build our cost to, and then anything above that, obviously will flow aggressively to the bottom line. So, we are planning prudently. We are doing very similar to what we did last year with our hope and our intent to beat those numbers. So, weve got a lot of this things going on, but we have no idea, again, with the economy whats going to happen. So, I think we are being again planning prudently and being careful.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: Its kind of protect the business in the back half given what numbers we are looking at?
Jeff Naylor: But thats  I mean we were going to  should beat the numbers, we are not  if we dont get excited about our comp flat is slightly down, Adrianne.
Carol Meyrowitz: We are, however, planning the back half on the conservative side. So we are looking at comp flat slightly down in the back half.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: Right. Okay, understood. Thank you. And then just a follow-up, if I could, in terms of the accelerated square footage that you highlighted, I am just wondering what you say to, you know, weve seen an environment where things like imitation, sort of, highest form of flattery, a lot of people are looking enviously to the offsite sector whether its Nordstrom accelerating the rack or Bloomingdales announcing sort of an outlet division. So, help us understand as you too see opportunity to accelerate square footage, help us understand and speak to the Mayfairers [ph] where you are not  there is an issue as it relates to perhaps securing real estate, securing inventory as more and more people kind of try and follow your leads? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, in terms of our competitors we are always looking at our competitors, but we are in a very different business and very key [ph] in terms of our sourcing, our supply chain and our flexibility. So we  I get asked obviously the question of, is that going to be good out there and I can answer this a 100 times a thousand times, a million times we are not concerned about it. Again, I just keep coming back to the sourcing, the way we source, our foothold all over the world. So, that is not a major concern for us. What we always look at our competitors. We always want to make sure our value is right against our competitors and thats what we focus on. So, I think we feel very confident going forward, and I think it takes people a long time to get through with TJX as we have built this business over tens of years.
Jeff Naylor: And to lot of scale. And on the real estate side, Adrianne, we just work continuing to see terrific deals. So, as long as we see strong deals and strong returns, you know Carol mentioned, most of the deals we did last year were exceeding our numbers. So well keep investing aggressively as long as we continue to see that.
Carol Meyrowitz: We dont sign a deal unless it has the right return on investment.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: Great, best of luck. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Slater.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Good morning everybody.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Todd.
Jeff Naylor: Hi, Todd.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: You guys made a really compelling case as to why comp growth is sustainable, and of course the history supports your case because youve grown comps 4% on average during recessions and 3% on average during all other periods since your IPO. But  and I understand your conservative guidance of 1% to 2%, but what I would like to get a better feeling about is what you see or what you are planning on the average tickets, since it was down pretty decently, last year the comparisons are easy, I would expect some stabilization in the ticket and obviously in the better environment that might even trend up because I am just curious what you are seeing, and if you could just address that trend, the average ticket trend in 010 versus last year? And then how does it change with the potential for 90 to a 100 doors moved the needle to any great degree?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, you will see when we announce it. We believe it has the potential to be a fairly profitable business. So again more to come on that, and as far as the average ticket goes, we have planned it slightly down so that anything that come close to flat or above will hopefully be gravy and drive comp and certainly drive to the bottom line. But what we want to do is to make sure we absolutely have the best value out there and thats what were always striving for.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stacy Pak.
Stacy Pak  SP Research: Hi guys. A couple of questions, Carol, I was hoping you could kind of talk to us about what you see as the areas of opportunity in terms of merchandising focus? And also if you guys could expand on the supply chain initiatives getting the right products to the right place at the right time, when should we see all that impact, what are you doing in terms of profiling the stores, what level, that sort of thing? And then just a clarification on the SG&A, you said 50 to 75, is that the reduction in SG&A dollars or is there some offset so it's not down that much? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, Stacy, only get one question, which one do you want?
Stacy Pak  SP Research: I want you to address the merchandize and supply chain stuff?
Carol Meyrowitz:
 : And this year we test a lot of new categories, we are testing different categories for next year, but we think in some of our divisions where we had some weaknesses in the apparel areas, I think we are seeing some strength and I like where were going with that. The supply chain has been ongoing. Every single year we get more pointed, and that's been part of our investment over the years. And I think we have a long way to go but we definitely made some inroads last year, and I think this year well be even better in terms of targeting our stores. So thats an initiative thats going to go on to the next several years. Again we dont go in and say, let's just change our entire systems and do anything dramatic. So, we have been building on our days and getting much more focus and more pointed on it. So that will just be ongoing, but we did see some pretty good results in 2009.
Stacy Pak  SP Research: Can you give us any sense in terms of how you are thinking about the stores, Carol? Are you saying this is a fashion store, this is a  how youre profiling the stores and how are you getting the right product there, can you give us any more detail there?
Carol Meyrowitz:
 :
Ernie Herrman: No, I think just backing up what Carol said, we have, our planning organization really does a great job on this and I think we have become more sophisticated in the last few years not just growing in by climate but by demographics, by location. So, I think we are really in a different place than we were a few years ago, and I can see that continuing to improve over the next couple of years.
Stacy Pak  SP Research: Great. Okay. Thanks and good luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Tubin.
Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, weve moved the percentage slightly higher on the off price side of the business.
Jeff Naylor: Still a continuation of a trend weve been  seeing over for five years. Right?
Carol Meyrowitz: And we will probably see that trend continue this year to get a little bit higher.
Howard Tubin  RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thats great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Carol, if you ramp group footage growth just overall, is there any change to the size of the different boxes by concept?
Carol Meyrowitz: Laura, yeah, again, as we get better and better understanding with consumer, we look at the specific locations and the box is an relationship obviously to the demographics, the number of people that are in the certain radius. So, we flex dramatically. If there is a site in New York City and its a smaller box, but very, very high traffic pattern, we can do a smaller store and drive it. You will see the same thing in London. We have some stores that range as small as 12,000 square feet, to stores that range to 50,000 square feet. So, again, thats the flexibility of our business and we can take full advantage of all of the real estate thats out there.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, if you look at the average, the average at all outs, we can do larger boxes, smaller boxes, and Carol mentioned how we are flexible. But we also  when you look at just the average square footage, its pretty consistent. It actually has been pretty consistent, so that, I think in the past we might have opened  we had as much diversity in the kinds of deals that we did. Now we can have more diversity, but the average size of the box is pretty comparable to what has been for.
Laura Champine  Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Hi, guys, congratulations. Jeff, I think Carols kiddy needs to go like three times. I could spend her kiddy on a good evening [ph]. I was very curious about two things, first marketing, you could talk about what your  we know what you are doing here in the US, if you could talk a little about what you are doing in Europe and as you expand in Germany and Poland, just to support these brands? And then, just a follow-up kind of clean up thing, could you just touch on loss prevention and shrinkage and remind us when you do a fiscal inventories company?
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. In terms of marketing in Europe, its very, very different than in the United States, the United States we tend to drive TV a lot harder. Each country is very different. What Paul does in the UK is very different than what he does in Germany and in Poland. So, we are not going to let out our trade secrets, but theyre very, very different strategies. And Ernie is also looking Canada and really leveraging some of the things that were doing in United States with Canada, as were also leveraging some of the things that we are doing with Marmaxx, with HomeGoods. So, we really look at each brand very differently and how we market each brand.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: But you are marketing all of these brands in these countries.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Okay.
Jeff Naylor: In terms of block prevention, we take a full physical inventory at the end of the year for each of our chains, every store in the chain. And in terms of (inaudible) we really dont comment on that, thats part of the gross margin results, and if it were a significant factor, its something we'd talk about but it really hasnt been significant to the results for many years.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Excellent. Congratulations, guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Weiner.
David Weiner  Deutsche Bank: Good morning, and thanks for taking my call. So, I had a question on long-term margin potential. I think in October during your Analyst Day, you had kind of broken that down by brand. Has there been any meaningful change to your kind of long-term pretax margin goals by brand and how that rolls up to the total company? Thanks.
Jeff Naylor: So, in total as I mentioned in the three year model, David, weve got about a point of our EPS growth over the next three years coming from margin expansions, that would equate to about 10 to 20 basis points over that time period. And that's almost entirely coming from leveraging our  increasing our margins at  of our businesses other than Marmaxx and Winners, which we plan flat. So the business, Marmaxx and Winners will be plan flat, other than Marmaxx and Winners we've assumed some leverage as we rollout new stores. As we think about the potential margins, the only thing we would say is at Marmaxx is the time were seeing 10.5 to 11.5, Marmaxx came in at 12. I think as Carol mentioned earlier we think we can maintain that, well see how well we can do, so thatll be interesting to see. I think with T.K. Maxx in the UK, historically weve said eight to nine, we are approaching nine as we exit the year and we still have leverage opportunities with Europe. So clearly T.K. in the UK can go higher and we would now anticipate that more in the 9% to 10% range. And we are going to see how high we take that. Whats interesting is that that our distribution network is Pan-European, we have many shared services that we are leveraging. And so as we grow Europe we are getting leverage in Europe, we are also getting more leverage in the UK. And lastly with HomeGoods, I think before we've said we thought it was about 8% business, we are now thinking its more like 8% to 9%, because again HomeGoods is approaching that 8% margin this past year and we still have, we could still double the fleet in terms of the number of stores. So there should be more leverage available there as we grow that. So those would the changes that I will highlight.
David Weiner  Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks, that makes a lot of sense.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Glick.
David Glick  Buckingham Research: And I'd say good afternoon and add my congratulations. In terms of your TV advertising in 2009, I believe that you went from regional to national buyers, and as a result reached a lot more markets in TV advertising than you had before. I'm just wondering if you  I presume at this point youve analyzed the success for that and the returns and just wondered how much of your success in 2009 was at least partially attributable to the approach you took at your TV advertising and the reach of it.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, we were very, very happy with our advertising strategy last year. And this year we are shifting more media back into the network TV. We are actually going to taking our individual brands, Marshals and Maxx and going network, which is going to be a pretty big increase in penetration. Weve loaded up the back half and we are going to continue more aggressively also on our dual strategy. So, we are really very, very happy with our marketing strategy and I think we are going to be a lot more aggressive this year coming up.
Jeff Naylor: We are obviously seeing an attractive return there, but we really dont want to publicly break out 
Carol Meyrowitz: Right 
David Glick  Buckingham Research: All right. Jeff, and just quick a follow-up, could you give us a rule of thumb on the flow-through if you are able to get incremental sales over plan, what kind of incremental flow-through as a percentage of sales that you generally carry to the bottom line?
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I would quantify that around like in the low 30s, so for every dollar of sales above plan I think 30% to 33% kind of in that range, and other way to think about it is point of comp above plan specifically gives us about 20 basis point of incremental margin on the bottom-line for a full year.
David Glick  Buckingham Research: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group: Good afternoon, everyone and congratulations.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Dana.
Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about the differentiated areas in the store and how they are progressing whether its Runway, whether its Cube, are you seeing that in international stores too in terms how you are setting it up, and is that helping the international sales or possibility? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz:
 :
Dana Telsey  Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I want to thank everyone, and I really look forward to reporting the first quarter so we will see you soon.
Operator: Thank you. While we appreciate you joining us today and we will speak to you soon. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q3  (2009-11-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - President and CEO Sherry Lang - IR Jeff Naylor - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President, Group President
Analysts: Jeffrey Black - Barclays Capital Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Jeffery Stein- Soleil Securities Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Laura Champine- Cowen and Company Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Co Stacy Pak - SP Research David Glick - Buckingham Research Group Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Susan Sansbury - Miller Tabak
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The TJX Companies' third quarter fiscal 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded Tuesday, November 17, 2009. I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO of The TJX Companies, Incorporated.
Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning, everyone. Before I begin, Sherry has few comments today.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company's plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2009. Further these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and the expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our international divisions in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website www.tjx.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.tjx.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. So let me start by saying it is great to see our significant momentum continue. Again in the third quarter, we delivered record results with earnings per share increasing by 40% on a reported basis. We continue to see comp sales and customer transactions not only increase, but accelerate. Although, we have also fared well during recessions, this is the first time we are seeing acceleration during a recession. This presents a huge opportunity for us to capture a significant increased consumer spending when the economy improves. With our extreme value proposition and a demographic reach that we believe is wider than just about any other apparel or home retailer out there; we believe we are in excellent position to retain the new customers we are attracting today. For us, value has always been and continues to be the place to be. We believe our values and merchandising mix are only getting better. This unusual environment is presenting major opportunities for our company and with our flexible business model and substantial financial resources, we are seizing the day. Across the board, all of our businesses including our growth vehicles are performing well, which bodes extremely well for our future. The important message I want to share with you on this call is our confidence in our ability to sustain our strong, consistent profitable growth. We focused on the reasons for our confidence at our investor event on October 20th, and I want to reiterate those key things with you today. Our goal is to be one of the best retailers in the world. I'll outline for you what gives us confidence in our ability to grow TJX to be $30 billion and a $40 billion retailer long-term. Before I continue, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to recap our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Then I'll review the highlights of our third quarter, cover the key points and then discuss our financial strength. We'll also speak to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year, and for now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Let me recap third quarter results. Net sales were $5.2 billion; that's up 10% over last year. Our consolidated comps were up 7%, and that was significantly above our original plan. The diluted earnings per share was $0.81. As Carol mentioned, that's up 40% over the $0.58 we reported last year. Now I should point out that last year benefited by a penny from a non-operating item and by $0.05 from foreign currency, while this year benefited by $0.02 from foreign currency. So if you look at the underlying adjusted growth rate, it was much stronger than we reported given the currency headwinds that we faced in the third quarter. These items are all detailed in today's press release. Our consolidated pre-tax profit margin was 10.8%; that's up 200 basis points over last year on a reported basis. Now comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted by two items. First, last year benefited 10 basis points from a non-operating item that we detailed in today's press release. Second, the third quarter of both years, were impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, last year much more positively than this year. That reduced the year-over-year improvement in pre-tax margin by 40 basis points. So the underlying pre-tax margin growth on an adjusted basis is actually 50 basis points more than we are reporting when you adjust for currency and you adjust for the non-operating item. The gross profit margin was up 180 basis points and well above our plan, primarily due to strong merchandise margins, partially offset by the 40 basis point impact from foreign currency that I just discussed. SG&A expense improved by 50 basis points as a percent of sales, despite a 40 basis point increase in expenses related to performance-based compensation. As a reminder, as we discussed on our last conference call, we have a broad based incentive program that goes very deep into the organization and includes thousands of associates, including our store managers. In terms of other items impacting the P&L, a lower tax rate versus last year added about a penny to EPS, while higher net interest expense reduced EPS by about a penny. As to inventories, at the end of the third quarter consolidated inventories on a per-store basis, including the warehouses, were down 5%. If you exclude the impact of foreign currency, we were actually down 7% on a per-store basis. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was down versus last year on a per-store basis. We ended the third quarter with very clean inventories and are very, very comfortable with our inventory liquidity as we begin the fourth quarter. Let me briefly discuss our results for the first nine months now. EPS for the first nine months was $1.91; that's up 27% over last year's $1.50 that we reported. Last year's EPS benefited by $0.03 per share from non-operating items that are detailed in today's press release. If you exclude these items, EPS was up 30% over the adjusted $1.47 per share. Also as outlined in today's press release, foreign currency adversely impacted EPS for the first nine months of this year by $0.04, whereas last year it actually had a $0.04 positive impact in the first nine months. So the EPS increase year-to-date would have been significantly higher if it weren't for these impacts. Our comp sales increased by a strong 5% in the first nine months. Now I'll turn the call back to Carol and I will recap our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year at the end of the call.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. The major things I want to highlight on this call are as follows: First, as I said, we are taking full advantage of the opportunities the current environment is presenting us. Second, we have an extremely flexible model that delivers consistent results in both strong and weak environments. Third, we are confident that our top-line and bottom-line growth is sustainable going forward. Lastly, our strategies for managing the business and our growth vehicles are clearly working. First, I'll share with you some Q3 highlights, which are pretty interesting. Beginning in the US, Marmaxx segment profit was up 52% over last year and has achieved a segment profit of 12.5%, the highest segment profit margin in its history. As you know, given Marmaxx's consistently strong out-performance ahead of our investor event, we raised our long-term outlook for Marmaxx's segment profit margin above its prior target. We now estimate that Marmaxx's segment profit margin will fall in the 10.5% to 11.5% range for the next three years. HomeGoods continues a remarkable year, with customer traffic up well into the double digits and record segment profits that more than doubled from last year. We are also expecting record-breaking increases for the full year. This organization is executing great fashion and brands at exceptional value. Our values are truly outstanding compared to other retailers and our customers are getting it. A.J. Wright delivered another profitable quarter and a 110 basis points improvement in its bottom-line profit margin. Store contribution is at the level we required to support a high-return business model, and we are now very comfortable continuing to roll out this chain. The new market of Atlanta is performing well above expectation and our new stores are beating our plan, which bodes well for opening stores in new markets for the future. Now to our international businesses, beginning with TJX Canada, with our Winners and HomeSense businesses; despite the adverse impact of foreign currency, which we have discussed all year, TJX Canada had an increase in reported segment profit in the third quarter. Further, excluding foreign currency, segment profit was up 16%. As Sherry mentioned upfront, this is all laid out in the tables on our website. The bottom line is that TJX Canada continues to execute very well, buying better and controlling expenses and mitigating the impact of currency on its results. At TJX Europe, we continue to be very pleased with our business. Like Canada, TJX Europe was also adversely impacted by foreign currency. Excluding that impact, segment profit was up 32% and segment profit margin improved a 120 basis points. Again, this is laid out on our website. As we leverage costs across a broad European base, we now expect T.K. Maxx in the U.K. to exceed the 8% profit margin we had previously modeled as its potential. Our German operation should be profitable in Q4 and next year; not bad for a business that is just two years old. We entered Poland, the ninth largest country in the EU, with our first four stores in the third quarter. We love the cost structure in Poland and believe this will be another substantial growth vehicle in Europe. Now let's review what makes us so convinced that TJX is not only positioned for today, but extremely well positioned for its future growth. First, we believe many of the opportunities this environment is presenting us are not only helping us today, but will continue to help us in the future. We are growing our customer and vendor basis and taking advantage of the real estate landscape as well as supply chain and cost reduction opportunities. With customer traffic counts reaching extraordinary highs, even a slight uptick in our average ticket will be very meaningful for our business. We are very focused on keeping our new customers, and we will be substantially investing in a variety of ways to not only keep them but to gain even more customers. One of our key strategies for retaining the new customers we are attracting today is our aggressive reinvestment in stores to create a better shopping experience. How many retailers today are in the position of being able to truly invest back into their business? We also love our new marketing campaign and more importantly, our customers love them. We are reaching more customers than ever before and educating consumers about our off-price concept. Our vendor base is not only growing by huge numbers, but we are becoming even more meaningful to the vendor community. I think it's important for anyone following the TJX story to understand that any one vendor represents only a small percentage of our merchandise mix, and as we add vendors, it becomes even less important. In the global real estate landscape, we are taking full advantage of opportunities and signing deals that we would have never imagined. Lastly on this thing, we are capitalizing on opportunities in the supply chain to make us even better and faster, and we believe our cost reduction opportunities continue to be very real. The second key thing is that we have a business model that was built to have tremendous flexibility and grow with the times, no matter what the environment. Our history has shown us that in good and bad economic times, TJX has always thrived. In our 33-year history as a company, we have only had one year with a negative comp. Our comps are remarkably consistent and much less volatile than those of traditional retailers. It's also important to note that our model was built to never be dependent on any one or even any few vendors. If one vendor doesn't have product for us at a particular time, many more do, and we have the flexibility to make adjustments. We are certainly not waiting around for things to happen in the marketplace. Managing the vendor universe and handling changes in the marketplace is what we know and is what we do every single day. We work with a universe of over 10,000 vendors and are constantly opening new stores. In this year alone, we have added over 2,000 vendors. We have over 500 buyers covering the marketplace all the time and building mutually beneficial vendor relationships. We operate many buying offices around the world and stores in 60 countries. In our stores, we have extreme flexibility and no walls. We can easily expand and contract departments depending on opportunities and evolve with customer tastes. Third, we have great confidence in our ability to sustain our strong top and bottom-line growth. This was a major theme of our Investor Day and I'd like to reiterate some of the key points here also. On the top line, we have enormous growth opportunities with our value proposition, demographic reach, and the growth potential we have in our existing concept as well as our new seed for the future. We believe that even when the recession ends, the importance of value to consumer will remain, which plays to our strengths. Our history through three prior recessions, show us that we tend to keep new customers [we gave] in the recession when the economy improves. We believe we will see this again when we emerge from this recession, perhaps even to a greater extent than in the past, given the importance of value to the consumer. The TJX Companies is truly about exceptional value, exceptional fashion and exceptional brands catering to all income levels and all demographics. Our brands give us the ability and flexibility to shift and to maximize a wide range of customer income level and demographic groups. We are global and diverse, which gives us enormous opportunities for the future. We continue to have significant store growth potential within our current portfolio. We believe we can add approximately 1,500 stores to our existing concept alone. This is before expanding into new countries where there's enormous, potential, before rolling out any standalone shoe concept, and before expanding any of our new [seeds]. Beyond our existing concept, of course, we are always developing new [seeds] for the future, which is just part of our DNA. We continue to develop our current [seeds] like the Shoe Megashop by Marshalls, STYLESENSE in Canada, and HomeSense in the U.K. We are excited about Poland, a new country. While still very early, we are hoping to grow 100 stores in that country. We know that a big question out there is whether we can sustain our strong pre-tax margins and profit margin. I want to reiterate that we are very confident that we can. We believe that factors driving profitability will continue. We continue to have opportunities to run the business with even leaner inventory. This has worked well for us this year, as it puts our buyers in chase mode and drive faster inventory turns and higher merchandise margin. In each of the 10 years, Marmaxx's merchandise margins have been flat or up every year; and we are not done. We remain focused on cost reduction. We have seen the benefit over the past several years and believe significant opportunities remain. Our younger businesses both in Europe as well as HomeGoods and A.J. Wright in the U.S. are growing their store bases, which will drive the overall segment profit as these businesses expand their store bases and further leverage their cost structure. Further, as Marmaxx and TJX Canada continue to add stores to their fleet, we also gain more leverage on costs and drive profitability. Fourth, our strategies for running the business and our growth vehicles are certainly working. The conservative strategies that we laid out at the beginning of the year for managing the business are clearly delivering strong results. Planning conservatively and setting our inventory and expense plans around conservative comps is serving us well this year. We'll continue to follow this approach, because it's working and as always we will strive to beat those conservative plans. In the last several years, we have developed our growth vehicles and planted many seeds for growth and nearly all of them are performing well. Take A.J. Wright; this division has made significant progress, and its store contributions are now at the level that gives us confidence in growing the chain. We believe that A.J. Wright can ultimately grow to 500 plus stores. Internationally, over 20% of our sales and profits today are outside the U.S. and growing. Our TJX Europe infrastructure is providing great leverage. In Germany, we now operate 23 stores. The German retail market presents great opportunities for us. Without middle-tier or off-price retailers, with Germany's population of 83 million, we believe that we can grow to 300 stores in that country. I am confident that these growth vehicles and our many seeds will lead to tremendous growth in the future. Lastly, it is our goal to be one of the best retailers globally. Today, we think and act as a global company, giving great value to all our customers every day. We have strengthened our management team and are hiring talent globally. We are communicating better than ever before, leveraging and collaborating on all fronts with no walls. The seeds are planted for growth, both top and bottom line. Big picture, we have great confidence in our ability to ultimately grow this company to twice its size. Now let's spend a moment on our financial strength. Our strong operations generate substantial amounts of cash. This allows us to reinvest in our businesses and be conservative with CapEx to preserve our flexibility in this economy, while returning value to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back approximately $304 million of TJX stock during the third quarter. We retired 8.2 million shares. It continues to be our plan to buy back a total of approximately $625 million of TJX stock in 2009. This consists of the $250 million we originally planned and the additional approximately $375 million to buy back shares that converted in the first quarter. However, we may adjust this up and down depending on the economic conditions and other factors. So in closing, I hope that what I have outlined for you today makes you as convinced as we are in the future growth and success of TJX. We're taking full advantage of the opportunities in today's environment and believe that we'll emerge from this recession in an even stronger position. We believe that value wins in this and any environment that we are positioned. We are positioned as the premier off-price value retailer. Value is deeply rooted in our TJX culture and it is an internationally understood concept. We have one of the most flexible business models in the world, which enables us to drive consistent results and grow in both strong and weak environments. In the near future, we feel good about our momentum and opportunities for the fourth quarter. With plentiful buying opportunities in the marketplace, we will continuously flow exciting assortments to meet the gift-giving needs of our customers. Since the question of availability continues to persist, let me be clear on this point. Availability is never an issue. Whether the marketplace is running with leaner inventories or excess inventories, it's good for TJX. When department stores are running with leaner inventories, the environment is less promotional, which raises our pricing umbrella and widens the value gap between us and traditional retailers. Excess inventories in the marketplace means a lower cost of goods. Either way, we win. We certainly have plenty of open to buy going into the fourth quarter. There are strong reasons for our confidence in our ability to sustain our top and bottom-line growth, many of which I shared with you. We have shown you that our strategies for managing the business and growth vehicles are working; and we continue with our proven approach of our intelligent risk-taking. With our strong momentum exiting October, our very strong start to November, and confidence going into the fourth quarter, we are raising our guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year. I'm excited about the future and look forward to updating you on our results at the end of the year, as well as our plans for 2010. Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff to go through guidance, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Jeff Naylor: Before I get into the guidance I wanted to reiterate one point on third quarter performance. As Carol mentioned, it's very important to note that the results for both TJX Canada and TJX Europe were significantly impacted by currency during the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, the profit performance of these businesses was significantly stronger than on the reported basis. So, on our website, we have laid out reconciliation between reported results and results excluding currency translation and mark-to-market impacts at those foreign businesses. I would really encourage investors to refer to this information so you get a good picture of the underlying growth in both Canada and Europe. Now to details on our guidance for the fourth quarter. As Carol mentioned, with the strong momentum we're seeing in our business we are raising our outlook for the full year and for the fourth quarter. We are now planning EPS for the full fiscal 2010 year to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.61 compared with $2.08 per share last year on a reported basis. This range is based on expected comp store sales of approximately 5% for the full year. As a reminder, last year's results included a $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week as well as certain other items that impact comparability, which we've detailed in a table in today's press release. If you exclude these items, our full year EPS outlook represents a 33% to 36% increase over last year's adjusted $1.92. I should also point out that this guidance includes an estimated $0.02 per share negative impact from foreign currency for the current fiscal year, compared with a 1 penny benefit in the prior year. So the underlying growth rate if you were to exclude foreign exchange is actually a little stronger than the numbers would suggest. Turning to the fourth quarter, our outlook assumes fourth quarter EPS of $0.65 to $0.71 compared with $0.58 last year. There are several items impacting comparability. Again, last year's results were positively impacted by a $0.09 per share benefit from the extra week in our fiscal calendar as well as a $0.03 per share adjustment to our computer intrusion reserve. Adjusting for these factors, our fourth quarter guidance represents a 41% to 64% increase over prior year's adjusted $0.46 per share of EPS. With that said, currency has a significant impact on year-over-year EPS growth. Our estimated range for this year's fourth quarter reflects an expected benefit from foreign currency of $0.02 per share. This compares to a negative impact of $0.04 per share last year. So with currency now turning to a tailwind, the underlying growth is actually a little less strong than the numbers would suggest since we now are benefiting from currency. One last factor impacting fourth quarter EPS growth was the incentive comp expense. This year with our very broad-based programs and above-plan performance, this expense is up significantly. This is exacerbated by last year, where we had very low incentive comp expense as business softened in the fourth quarter. This incremental expense adversely impacts fourth quarter EPS growth by about 11 percentage points, which was twice the impact it had on our third quarter EPS growth. Let me now get into some of the details around the guidance. We are assuming a fourth quarter top line of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion with comp sales planned up 5% to 7% on a consolidated basis and up 5% to 7% at the Marmaxx Group. As to monthly comps on both the consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we expect comp sales increases in the ranges of 7% to 9% in November. So, November is off, as Carol mentioned, to a strong start; 3% to 5% in December; and 3% to 5% in January. It is very important to remember that, unlike most other retailers, TJX did not have a comp store sales decline in December last year when comps were essentially flat despite the very difficult environment. In terms of pre-tax profit margins we've planned those in the 7.9% to 8.5% range. That's up 50 to 110 basis points over the 7.4% we reported last year. Now, the pre-tax margin last year benefited 60 basis points from the 53rd week and it benefited 40 basis points from an adjustment to the intrusion reserve, but was negatively impacted by 40 basis points by foreign currency. So combined, these items are expected to negatively impact growth in the fourth quarter pre-tax margin by 60 basis points in aggregate. So if we exclude these non-recurring items, the underlying pre-tax profit margin is up 110 to 170 basis points over last year on a comparable basis. We are anticipating fourth quarter gross profit margin to be 24% to 24.3% compared with 22.7% last year. Last year's gross profit margin was positively impacted by 60 basis points by the 53rd week and negatively impacted by 40 basis points due to foreign currency. So combined, these items positively impacted last year's gross profit by 20 basis points, which adversely impacts the comparisons to prior year. So despite this adverse impact, we still anticipate our fourth quarter gross profit margins to be up significantly over last year. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 15.7% to 15.8% compared to 15.6% last year. This year's SG&A rate is adversely impacted by higher performance-related incentive compensation expense, as I mentioned earlier, which is estimated to have a 60 basis point impact on the year-over-year comparisons. So, excluding this item, we continue to see a significant amount of expense leverage. Finally, for modeling purposes we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.3% in the fourth quarter, which is higher than last year, and net interest expense in the $10 million to $11 million range. Combined, these two items reduced EPS growth by two pennies. Finally, we anticipated a weighted average share count of approximately $425 million. So with that, we are going to open it for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. To keep the call on schedule, we are going to continue to enforce a one question limit, and we appreciate your cooperation with that. Thanks, and I'll now turn it back to Candy and open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. One moment for you first question. Jeffery Black of Barclays Capital, your line is open.
Jeffrey Black - Barclays Capital: Carol, I guess you mentioned in your meeting that the opportunity to take inventory leaner. Can you guys share with us where the low-hanging fruit is on that, is it outside Marmaxx? How do we think about inventory per square foot, if that's the way you want us think about it, and/or inventory turn next year? In other words, how far can we improve turn and profit?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well again, we don't share that number, but you can see that this year we were down in total 5% on a store-by-store basis against a year ago down 6%, Jeff. I think we see this year another opportunity to hopefully be in that range, and it's definitely across the board. So we are buying much closer to need. We have invested a great deal in our supply chain, and we intend next year to make us even speedier. So I don't know where the end number is, but our goal is to every year try to chop it and to turn faster.
Operator:  Next question, Adrianne Shapira of Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: All year, we've been seeing, obviously, we've grown accustomed to your under-promise, over-deliver. I'm just wondering, Jeff, if you kind of look at the components of the guidance, where will you see perhaps the source of upside going further? Whether it's sales, margins, you talked about obviously that incentive compensation on expenses, but where would you see the levers continuing to be perhaps better?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, s you know, we are planning the margins slightly lower than Q3, but closer to the total year. Again, we had a flat December, so we kind of hope there is opportunity there, but I think we always plan conservatively. Again, we're happy with what we are seeing at the beginning of November, and we like to plan our sales conservatively and hopefully beat them and keep our inventories nice and lean. So, I think we are in a pretty good place in terms of planning. Adrianne, as always, we hope very much to beat those numbers.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Carol, if I could just follow-up the point about the margin planning lower. Any read across in terms of how aggressive the competitive landscape is heading into the holiday season or again just conservatism?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not at all. I mean it was so promotional last year. We are not expecting it to be quite as promotional, but either way, it doesn't affect us, because we are tremendously open-to-buy going into Q4.
Operator:  Next, Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup, your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Carol, I am wondering if you could help us understand the relative impact of increased customer traffic and increased transactions in terms of comp contribution. Are you still seeing ticket down? Then I just had one clarification for Jeff. I'm not sure I caught what you said about the 11 percentage point increase in incentive comp, could you just clarify that?
Jeff Naylor: Well, I'll start with the clarification. What we were saying is that, we have a higher bonus expense this year in the fourth quarter, because last year, if you think about it, it was a tough fourth quarter for us like it was for everybody, so there was very little bonus expense that we accrued in the fourth quarter, whereas this year, we're significantly outperforming. So that higher level of bonus expense this year is costing us about 11 points of EPS growth. So in other words, if the bonus expense were the same this year as it were last year, we would be looking at 11% more EPS growth, if you will, Kimberley. So it's just the impact that it's having on the EPS growth rate.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kimberly, our customer traffic every quarter is increasing tremendously. We have certainly not seen numbers like this in the past. Our average ticket is slightly down; it's low single-digits down, pretty much consistent quarter-over-quarter. We are increasing our advertising spend versus plan for Q4 because we think we have an opportunity again to keep driving new customers into our stores, and as I have said in the past, one of our goals is to certainly put some capital back into our stores to keep the customers for the future. So our goal is to keep our customer, and our ticket may get back to flat next year. We'll see, but our goal is to just give great, great value. So we're just pretty excited about the constant increase quarter-over-quarter.
Jeff Naylor: One other thing I'd add to that, Kimberly, is obviously, with a lower ticket you have to ship more units to do similar levels of business. So we are shipping more units., but we've actually been offsetting that cost with some of the productivity that we've been seeing both in our DCs and our stores. So you haven't heard us talk about that as a de-levering factor to either buying and occupancy or SG&A expense, because we largely offset it with productivity year-to-date.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Carol, the improvement has gone from a plus-two comp in Q1 to a plus-four in Q2 to a plus-seven here in Q3, which is very impressive acceleration. Is it primarily your traffic that's getting better and better or are you also seeing a little less pressure on your ticket as we've gone through the year?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, it's pure traffic. It's pure increase in customer traffic.
Operator:  Next question Jeffery Stein of Soleil Securities, your line is open.
Jeffery Stein- Soleil Securities: Jeff, I am wondering if you could talk about merchandise margin versus B&O leverage that you saw during the third quarter. Then, Carol, I am wondering if you might talk a little bit about or amplify a little bit on your strategy for holding on to the customer. You referred to improving customer experience, and I'm kind of wondering exactly what that means.
Jeff Naylor: The merchandise margin, as we mentioned, in the third quarter was up 180 basis points. We had a 40 basis hit from mark-to-market, Jeff; so it was actually up 220 basis points if you look at the underlying trends. Most of that was merchandise margin. Buying and occupancy, we got a little bit of leverage from, but we don't really talk about this , we have some incentive comp expense flows through buying and occupancy. The other thing that happens with our accounting is that, in our inventories we capitalize some buying and occupancy costs into inventory, so that when we are bringing our inventory down you actually end up with some expense that you have to flush through your P&L. So if you adjust for the bonus impact that's flowing through, as well as these capitalized costs that come down as you reduce your inventory, but we actually had a significant amount of B&O leverage in the quarter.
Carol Meyrowitz: In terms of the in-store, we've done a lot of customer research and a lot of customer surveys on what is it that they want to see in our stores. I'm not going to tell you too much of the specifics, but we have reacted to that, and believe it or not, every store is almost treated differently. We will have a store where we will get some feedback and we will work on a specific project, and in other stores we will do something that maybe a little bit different. This all comes from really listening to our customer and reacting to that. So we're pretty excited. Some of it is just in store labor, some of it's recovery, some of it's physical work, but I think we're seeing very good results from this. We will continue to do it and probably be fairly aggressive next year, as we will end the year with quite a bit of cash.
Operator:  Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Carol, can you talk about for which of your concepts you feel you have the greatest visibility going into 4Q from a traffic, ticket, and just overall product availability perspective, maybe in which do you have the least visibility? Then I'm wondering how that answer might change if I asked you the same question about next year?. Then Jeff, just a point of clarification, the $0.02 help from FX in 4Q, is that strictly translation or does that include the FX hedging?
Jeff Naylor: Why don't I take that question first just as a clarification. It is all from translation, Paul. So that $0.02 is all translation benefit this year as we have higher FX rates in both Canada and the UK than we did last year at this time. So there is no mark-to-market in there; it is all translation.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: You don't expect anything on the gross margin line from mark-to-market?
Jeff Naylor: We never really expect it. It all depends upon what the currency rates are on the very last day of the quarter, because that's when we look at marking those hedges to market. So if there is significant volatility between the time we hedge our inventory positions and wherever the rates are on the last day of the quarter, there could be, but candidly, it's not something you can really plan, because it solely depends on what the rates are on the last day.
Carol Meyrowitz: Paul, in terms of visibility, we really have the same visibility across the board in all of our chains. You know, we leverage our communications throughout. So if there is an initiative that is going on in one division, it will be going on in another division if it's appropriate. They also leverage each other. So if there is a European vendor, let's say there is a high-end vendor, then that is shared with the corporation and we go in as a team to leverage that also. So I can't quite answer you, because there really is no difference in the visibility. We know all the initiatives. We know what we're going after. The open-to-buy is the open-to-buy by division; and it's pretty much consistent across the board. Everybody is pretty lean.
Operator:  Next Laura Champine of Cowen and Company, your line is open.
Laura Champine- Cowen and Company: Carol, just as we continue to address some concerns on product availability, can you talk about, coming out of past recessions, do you lose vendors that you signed on? We know you had 100s of new ones this year. How good is your track record of keeping those vendors moving into a recovery?
Carol Meyrowitz: Honestly, Ernie can help you too, but I don't remember ever losing a vendor. I mean having ran Marmaxx for five years, I can't remember ever losing a vendor.
Ernie Herrman: Laura, I'll jump in here. I would echo what Carol just said. The dynamics going on here, I think, is we've opened dramatically more new vendors of recent. So I think, again, you can never predict exactly where the markets are going to flood or lean up a little, but overall, the availability across all the departments should just continue to be there.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: So just as a follow-up, when demand recovers does that mean that as suppliers invest in more capacity your availability actually improves?
Carol Meyrowitz: We had to shut the guys down last year. We had to shut the guys down this year. We did it last week. It is just always available goods and there is always available quality goods. One thing I have to make clear in this environment is that, if people do business with TJX, where we pay on time, where we're very, very solid company, I think there is a change in the mentality. I think vendors will want to do more business with us in the future versus keeping anything consistent. I think there is more of an opportunity for them to do more business with us.
Ernie Herrman: Laura, I'll jump in, back, prior to this whole change in the economy a little over a year ago, we have always had to manage the buyers and not buy too much. So the availability, again, just echoing what Carol said, just seems to be there regardless of the economic environment.
Carol Meyrowitz: Our brilliance is in managing these 500 maniacs that are out there.
Operator:  Next question Todd Slater of Lazard Capital Markets, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst:  It's actually [Jennifer] for Todd. Let me add my congratulations. Going back to guidance, your comp guidance assumes about a 5% deceleration on a two-year basis between the third quarter and the second quarter. Are you seeing that much of a deceleration or should we attribute that to your conservatism?
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff will speak to this, but right now I think we are planning conservatively and that is what we're comfortable with.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, November is off to a strong start. Carol clearly said that on her prepared remarks. I think if you look on a three-year basis, you will see a little less deceleration than you do on a two. So we look at it both ways, but I think November is off to a strong start. We are up against a flat comp in December. There is always uncertainty around the December numbers, so we are being a little cautious, but we think it's prudent to be cautious. We set our cost structures and our inventories around these comps, so I think it just makes sense given there is a lot of business in front of us to be prudent at this point in time.
Unidentified Analyst: One quick clarification. Where do you think Marmaxx margins will end up this year, around the high end? Your long-term range is now 10.5% to 11.5%.
Jeff Naylor: The guidance implies 11.1% to 11.2%.
Jennifer Cook - Lazard Capital Markets: So in second quarter and third quarter you had record EBIT margins, but you would expect that fourth quarter you might see a little bit of a deceleration?
Jeff Naylor: In Marmaxx in the fourth quarter we're planning the bottom line segment margin up 150 to 180 basis points on a 52-week basis. You have to, when looking at last year, adjust 60 basis points out of it, Jennifer, because we had the benefit of the 53rd week. So if you adjust for that, we've got them up 150 to 180 on a five to seven comp, and in the third quarter they were up 340 basis points on a nine comp. So there may be a little bit of opportunity there I think again, as Carol mentioned, when you look at the guidance, you look at the total fourth quarter for the company against third quarter and you look at the trend, we're clearly calling bottom line profit growth below the trend, and most of that is in merchandise margins. Again, we've got the whole fourth quarter to go here.
Carol Meyrowitz: A tremendous amount of open-to-buy, so we'll think.
Operator:  Next question Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus, your line is open.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much, guys, and my congratulations as well. Just a follow-on question regarding marketing, both in terms of dollars and in terms of initiatives, the way you'll be spending the money, TV, print, social networking, outgoing e-mails, that sort of thing?
Carol Meyrowitz: TV is going to be pretty heavy, Richard. Heavier than a year ago, and we are going to be hitting a lot more markets than a year ago. Then social networking is a big chunk of it also. We have not decreased our direct mail, but I think we're more pointed with it. So we're feeling very good about our TV. We are very excited about our (inaudible); you are going to see something what I think is even more clever than our intervention. So we're pretty excited about it.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: The dollars year-over-year?
Carol Meyrowitz: Dollars are slightly up over plan and slightly down versus a year ago. A year ago we were quite a bit up from the prior year. Again, we are leveraging that a lot more. You're going to see us on top-rated shows that we were not on a year ago.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: You're achieving that with less money?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Operator:  Next question Daniel Hofkin of William Blair & Co, your line is open.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Co: On the merchandise margin, could you provide a little more color? Anything you can add on initial markup or trends within product categories as opposed to a mix effect, anything on markdowns there? Then, just coming back once again to the outlook, particularly for December, my records show you've got a couple years, actually, in December of basically flat comps at least in the Marmaxx division. I am just wondering if that month in particular could have some upside relative to the guidance that you've laid out?
Carol Meyrowitz: Daniel, we really don't talk about margins by product category, so I'm really not comfortable going there. As we said, we are comfortable with our plans in terms of our comps, and we are believing that we're somewhat conservative. We understand that. We'll see what happens. I think Ernie is feeling pretty good in terms of Marmaxx and going into the fourth quarter. So I think we're doing what we do.
Jeff Naylor: The one thing we can say about merchandise margins increase is, it's pretty balanced between mark-on and mark-down. We're obviously buying closer to need, and take advantage of great deals and that helps in the mark-on, and then lower inventory levels, that helps you control your mark-down. So we are seeing pretty balanced between the two as we look at the year-over-year increase year-to-date and in the third quarter.
Operator:  Next Stacy Pak of SP Research, your line is open.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Congratulations and a very good quarter, guys. A question for you, though, Carol you talked a lot about keeping this customer that you gained in the recession. I've heard everything you said about how you're going to keep the customer, but is there something you are seeing now that's telling you the customer will stay going forward beyond what you said? I'm wondering, Jeff, if you sort of quantified, I mean, there was so much going for you guys in '09 in terms of Mervyn's and Linens and bankruptcies and this incredible drop that we all saw last year, leading to incredible excess inventory in the market. Is the 12.5% operating margin that Marmaxx posted this year, the difference between that and the 10.5% to 11.5% that you're talking about as the longer-term target, is that kind of the impact that you think all those things like Mervyn's had on the business, more the one-time things?
Jeff Naylor: No, Stacy, it's more of a third quarter there. The third quarter typically is our strongest quarter...
Stacy Pak - SP Research: You had a 100 to 200 basis point impact from those other things or how do you sort of quantify that? Then I have a follow-up on A.J.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think the quantification there is, most of those happen in the first half of the year, so if they had a short-term benefit you would have expected a pop and then a deceleration. We're actually seeing an acceleration in our comp, whether you look at it on a one-year or on a stacked basis. We are also seeing an acceleration in transactions, so we appear to be continuing to pick up business even after the initial impact of those businesses going away. So I guess that's the way I'd respond to that question. I don't know if Carol could add to that.
Carol Meyrowitz: There are just a couple of things. First of all, Linens 'n Things is not affecting HomeGoods at all, so where there is a Linens 'n Things, our stores that are not near Linens 'n Things are doing just as well, in some cases better. That's pretty much the case with Marmaxx too. You are asking about the customer increasing, it's increasing every single quarter. So that means that we're maintaining the new customer and we're still adding new customers. So it's a continuous acceleration, which tells you that it's likely going to continue and you're going to certainly keep that customer. So we feel pretty confident about that. The other thing in terms of Marmaxx last year is, third quarter we did take some markdowns. We got hit pretty quickly like everybody else did in November. So we where loaded a year ago. We moved very quickly to get out of it, and then we ended up in January with much leaner inventory. So part of that number from a year ago was certainly a weaker quarter in terms of margins. So that will also show the acceleration on the Q3 versus Q3 a year ago.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: So on an annualized basis then you don't really think the recession and the bankruptcies and the excess inventories we saw really had any meaningful, positive impact on your business in '09?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, I really don't.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Then the follow-up, Jeff, I just don't totally understand A.J, because if I'm looking at this correctly, their operating expense was up about 110 basis points on a plus-11 comp; whereas they Q3 it was up about 120 basis points on a plus-five comp. I thought you were looking for about that kind of increase on a much lower comp, like a four. So I'm just wondering if you could address that?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, we had some one-time issues and a couple of things that hit us in A.J.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think the flow through was less than you would expect. So you correctly identified, Stacy, the segment profit margin was up 110 basis points. That was less than we would have expected, candidly. We had higher incentive comp. We also remodeled nine stores, and so we had some write-offs associated with those remodels. Then we also had merchandise margins up at A.J; they were not as up as much as other divisions due to some markdowns we took transitioning from summer to fall that we talked about on one of the sales calls. So those were the main factors. I'd say, look, year-to-date, we've got $7 million of profit against a $2 million loss last year; we've got almost 200 basis points of bottom line profit improvement. Our store contribution margin is right where we need it to roll new stores. We are seeing terrific performance out of the new stores we've opened this year. So we're seeing feeling very confident about the business and I think you are just looking at a little bit of a hiccup on the flow through in Q3.
Operator:  Next David Glick of Buckingham Research Group, your line is open.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: Congratulations on the quarter. Two quick questions for Jeff, just what is the count for the store openings in Q4? Then, any color on the rollout over 2010? Obviously, in your investor day you updated us on the new square footage growth outlook, but if you can give us a sense for the pace of new stores?. Carol, you've talked about the flexibility of the model and the ability to go after new categories. I'm wondering if you can give us some examples of some new categories that are working, in what areas, whether it's apparel, accessories, or home you are having the most success, and how meaningful these new categories are to your overall business?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, I'll answer that one with a non-answer. For competitive reasons; I don't want to go there, but I will tell you, it's both apparel and non-apparel where our initiatives are. So there are some interesting things. Again, I suggest hopping into our stores over the holiday season, and I think you'll see some newness and pretty exciting things.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: Then, Jeff, on the new stores?
Jeff Naylor: In terms of the new stores, most of the stores we're opening this year are open. We've got a handful that are opening in the fourth quarter, but of the 93 net new stores, net, net of closings, that we anticipate this year. Just backing up, we anticipate opening 105 stores this year; closing 12; so we've got 93 net. The lion's share, I think all but a handful, are in the third quarter. We generally, David, try to do our openings, get it done before the end of the third quarter and given the fourth quarter it is just tougher to open stores in that time frame.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: Then the pace for next year?
Jeff Naylor: We are not public on that yet. I think we said we would anticipate increasing the square footage growth from 3% to 4% historically to 4% to 5%. So we're clearly going to ramp it up, but in terms of the actual numbers and by which divisions, we will give you all that in February.
Operator:  Next Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group, your line is open.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: As you look at the business with some of the smaller divisions, whether it's HomeGoods, A.J, or now even Europe, with their profitability levels improving, do you see the opportunity for HomeGoods. Could it reach the double-digit operating margin of Marmaxx or could Europe get even halfway towards where Canada is, does it become a 12% or 13% operating margin business? Do you have economies of scale that allow you to get there?
Carol Meyrowitz: Dana, I will answer, then, and then Jeff can. My answer would be I hope so and we're going to work our way towards it.
Jeff Naylor: Yes, I think I'll give you two answers, one for HomeGoods and one for Europe. HomeGoods is having just a phenomenal year. So we looked at it, prior to this year the pretax margin for that business was 5.1%. With a weak comp last year, particularly in the back half, it went down to 2.7%. This year the guidance implies 6.5% to 6.8%. So they have had just a phenomenal year in terms of recovering their profitability. Their returns on invested capital are now approaching mid-teens, so we are very, very happy with that business. I don't know yet whether it can be go beyond 8%. I think we're increasingly confident that it can get to 8%, because we are getting close. The question is can we get beyond? They are driving improvements in merchandise margins with lower levels of inventory this year and getting more cost leverage, frankly, than we thought that they were going to be able to achieve. They plugged a lot of cost leverage into the model and are beating it. So maybe, I guess; that's a good solid maybe there. On Europe, we used to think T.K-UK was an 8% business. Our current guidance calls for 8.4% to 8.6%, so we're clearly approaching higher levels of profitability there. As we expand across Europe, we should get leverage. A, we can take those UK fixed costs and spread them across the broader store base. Secondly, as we open in Europe we are seeing in those markets that rents are lower than the UK and there is less CapEx that we are putting into stores that are all at least as productive as the UK. So all those signs tell us that there is a pretty high-margin, high-ROIC opportunity in Europe, but again, that remains to be seen. We have got to prove it. Initial signs are all very encouraging.
Carol Meyrowitz: The other thing, Dana, about Europe is, we have an opportunity to take the backend of the business. UK is probably the most expensive country to operate in. As we learn more about this, we may have some more opportunities for cost reduction, much greater than we maybe think today.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: When do you announce the new concept, Carol?
Carol Meyrowitz: Not for a little bit.
Operator:  Next Marni Shapiro of Retail Tracker, your line is open.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Congratulations and good luck with the fourth quarter, in case I forget. I might add my suggestion to maybe change your holiday TV ads and put the maniacs in them, since you seem so in love with them.
Carol Meyrowitz: Actually one of our buyers did do one of the commercials recently, and she was really terrific. One of our real buyers.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Jeff, I just had one quick housekeeping, because you were talking faster than me, actually. The revenue line for fourth quarter, could you just restate what that was? Then just another quick small question was on advertising, did you say when you are rolling it out and how long it was going to run and were you doing print as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes, our advertising, well, it's starting now. The big TV starts the end of this month and we'll be hitting pretty hard.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Will it run through December?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes.
Jeff Naylor: On the revenue, Marni, $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion was the revenue guidance for the fourth quarter.
Operator:  Next we have Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Carol, can you comment a little bit on the home business, home fashions and home goods, and what you think is fueling the strength there this year?
Carol Meyrowitz: To tell you the truth, the home business is pretty strong across the board. I talk a lot about leveraging, and we have worldwide home meetings. Actually there is one going on right now across the room, but I think we're just very, very much on target as to the value and what customer wants. So I think the home sector is going to be pretty strong for us going forward, but it truly is across the board. HomeSense, HomeSense in the UK, the home businesses in all divisions, and HomeGoods is very, very strong, as well as HomeGoods in the home area in Marmaxx.
Operator:  Our last question comes from Susan Sansbury of Miller Tabak.
Susan Sansbury - Miller Tabak: One number in the quarter jumped out at me, which is 38% increase in corporate expense. Could you break the major buckets down? I missed a comment that you made about compensation burden in the third quarter, if you could just clarify that for me, please?
Jeff Naylor: Sure, the corporate expense increase was really a function of two things. One was we made a contribution. We have a charitable foundation called the TJX Foundation, and we made a contribution of $8 million during the quarter; against last year when we didn't make any contribution. So that's one of the pieces. The balance is bonus related. A portion of the compensation expense gets booked to the corporate group. So what you're seeing is, you are seeing some impact from the bonus flowing through that line as well as through each of our divisions. In terms of the third quarter, what we have said is that, underlying SG&A is up 50 basis points. Within that there is a 40 basis point hit from higher incentive compensation expense. Again, we have incentive comp programs that go very deep and broad in our company. So that the underlying SG&A leverage then would be 90 basis points if you excluded the underlying bonus expense.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone, and we look very much forward to reporting on the holiday season. Have a great holiday. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-08-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sherry Lang - Investor Relations Carol M. Meyrowitz - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Jeffrey G. Naylor - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President and Group President
Analysts:  Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Patrick McKeaver - MKM Partners  Daniel Hofkin - William Blair Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus  Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group  Stacy Pak - SP Research David Mann - Analyst  David Glick - Analyst  Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Laura Champine - Analyst Michelle Clark - Analyst  Randy Konick - Analyst 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies second quarter fiscal 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Miss Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies Inc. Please go ahead, madam.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Sherry has some comments to make.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companies' plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2009. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, rebroadcast, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that the financial results and expectations we discuss today are on a continuing operations basis. Also, we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our International division in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.TJX.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.TJX.com, in the Investor Information section. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz:  Good morning again. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herman. So lets begin by saying it is great to report such strong results in such a difficult economy. We delivered EPS growth of 27% in the second quarter. I want to point out that this is on top of three consecutive years of very strong performance. Further, our first half EPS has grown at a compound annual rate of 20% over the past four years, which speaks to our ability to drive the sustained profit growth. Our strategies for 2009 are clearly working. Despite the environment, we are seeing comp sales not only remain positive but accelerate, which is very unusual for us during a recession.  In addition, our customer traffic counts have reached extraordinary heights. Value is winning in this environment and we believe that its here to stay. We think that the economic recovery is likely to be slow, that customers will remain under pressure to reduce household debt, and that a value-oriented customer mindset will prevail for a long time.  With our value proposition consisting of the combination of fashion, brands, quality, and price, we are in an excellent position to retain new customers that we are attracting today for the future. Further, we are employing the flexibility of our business model to take advantage of the opportunities that this environment is presenting.  Big picture, we believe that we are extremely well-positioned for today and for the future. I believe we have tremendous growth opportunities ahead of us, which I will talk about later in the call.  Before that, I will turn the call over to Jeff to recap our second quarter and first half financial results. Then I will review the highlights of our second quarter performance, our vision for growth, and our outlook for the full year. Now heres Jeff to recap the numbers. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. So to recap second quarter results, our net sales were $4.7 billion, up 4% over last year. Consolidated comp store sales were up 4% -- that was well above our plan and it was on top of three years of very, very strong comparisons.  As we noted in the release today, the diluted earnings per share were $0.61. Thats up 27% over the $0.48 we earned last year. This growth was achieved despite a net $0.03 per share negative impact from foreign currency translation and from marking our inventory related currency hedges to market. The mark-to-market adjustment was $0.02 unfavorable to what we had anticipated when we set our guidance in early July.  In terms of the quality of earnings growth, pretax income was up 23% despite higher interest expense and despite $18 million of foreign exchange impact. The tax rate was essentially flat to last year, so that did not contribute to year-over-year growth. Our share count was down 3%, a very small piece of our overall 27% EPS growth and in line with our strategy to buy back shares.  There were no other significant items impacting comparability, so all in all, we had a very high quality earnings growth in the quarter.  In terms of consolidated pretax profit margin, that was 8.7%, up 130 basis points over last year. Comparisons to prior year were adversely impacted 10 basis points by the mark-to-market adjustment and another 10 basis points by higher interest expense.  The gross profit margin was up by a very strong 130 basis points over LY, driven primarily by merchandise margins. SG&A expense was 10 basis points lower than last year as a percentage of sales.  As to inventories at the end of the second quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis, including the warehouses, were down 4%. At Marmaxx, our total inventory commitment, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order, was also down versus last year on a per store basis.  We ended the second quarter with very clean inventories and are very happy with our inventory liquidity as we enter the back half.  Now to briefly recap results for the first half -- EPS for the six months were $1.09, so $1.09, up 18% over last years $0.92 on a reported basis. Last years EPS benefited $0.02 per share from FIN-48 tax adjustments. Excluding this benefit, EPS was up 21% over the adjusted $0.90 per share.  As outlined in todays press release, foreign exchange rates adversely impacted EPS for the first half of this year by $0.07, compared to a $0.01 adverse impact in the first half of last year, so the EPS increase would have been significantly higher were it not for these impacts. Cost sales increased 3% in the first half over a 3% increase last year.  Now let me turn the call back to Carol and I will return later to recap our guidance at the end of the call. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. The important points that I would like to make on this call are as follows -- first the strength and consistency of our results should be noted, both in terms of year-over-year and division-to-division performance, as well as across economic cycles. Second, we have great opportunities in the back half of this year, given our strong trends and easier comp comparisons. Third, our growth vehicles, both domestically and abroad, are doing extremely well and hold tremendous potential for our company.  Fourth, our customer traffic count reached extraordinary high levels in the second quarter and the rate of increase accelerated from the first quarter. We continue to attract new customers with our value proposition and are building our customer base for the future. And lastly, I say it all the time, we must continue to be totally focused on execution.  So let me highlight some of the second quarter results. Beginning in the U.S., Marmaxxs second profit margin of 11.4% was the best second quarter performance ever in Marmaxxs history. Segment profit was up 20%, driven by a 4% comp, very strong merchandise margins, and effective expense controls.  Home Goods delivered a 9% comp with double-digit increases in customer traffic. This divisions profit margins improved dramatically to 5.9%, its best second quarter performance ever and we believe its profit margin will hit all-time highs for the full year. I believe that Home Goods still has tremendous untapped opportunities for the future.  At A.J., they had another profitable quarter with the strength of 5% comps on top of 6% increases in the past two years. A.J. Wrights store contribution model is now at a level we have been targeting, which gives us the confidence to continue to roll out new stores.  In Canada, while Winners and Homesense segment profit was lower than last year, it was entirely due to the negative impact of currency. Profit was well above our plan as the business did a great job of mitigating the currency impact through better buying and excellent expense control. Our Canadian divisions remained our highest ROIC business.  TJX Europe continues to significantly outperform our expectations. After investing in our new European businesses, segment profit grew approximately 80% and segment profitability improved by a very strong 230 basis points over last year. And T.K. Maxx put a 6 comp on top of comps that have ranged from 5% to 10% over the last three preceding years. With strong comp sales growth, as well as leveraging its cost base across a broader European business, we now believe that T.K. Maxx in the U.K. will exceed our previously stated segment profit target of 8% this year.  Now I want to move to our vision for growth, which is rooted in how we conduct ourselves as a company. On our year-end call, we reiterated our vision and strategies to grow TJX as a global off-price value retailer. We told you that we were planting the seeds for the future. We are encouraged by early reads and would grow when and where we are convinced it would produce solid returns to our shareholders. All of that still holds true today, except that we have seen even better results than we had expected and are taking advantage of the opportunities that this environment is presenting, which together gives us more confidence than ever that we can double the size of this company over the long-term.  Our growth vehicles are all performing well domestically and abroad. In the U.S., we now feel that A.J. Wright has a solid foundation. As I mentioned, its store contribution margins have gotten to where we needed to see them to give us the confidence to grow this business. In addition, the new market of Atlanta is outperforming our expectation. While we will not grow too quickly, we could step out of it next year.  As we pointed out before, we have a very strong management team in place for the future.  Also in the U.S., our test of our Mega Shoe Shop by Marshalls, although still early, are performing very well and we believe may hold a good deal of growth potential in the future.  In Europe, our T.K. Maxx stores in Germany continue to deliver powerful performance, exceeding our plans and we are on track to open our first stores in Holland this fall. Putting all of this together with the results we are seeing and the real estate deals we are getting is very excited. While we are definitely seizing the day, I want to say it again -- we will only grow when and where we see [occurrence] that justifies growth.  Now lets talk about how we are capitalizing on the opportunities in this environment. First we continue to attract new customers and are building our customer base for the future. Customer traffic continues to be up significantly and our average basket remains down, which means that even a slight increase in consumer spending in our basket would be very meaningful to our business. This would probably be a good place to say that we are thrilled with the results of our dual branding strategy of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, and are very pleased with the new campaign at Home Goods.  Additionally, we are very focused on making the shopping experience for our new customers a great one and have staffed our stores appropriately.  In addition to building our customer base, we are taking advantage of this environment to build our vendor base. I can assure you that we are highly confident in the future of our supply chain. In terms of sourcing, we have significantly expanded the breadth of our vendor base. Any one vendor is even less meaningful to us today than a few years ago. We continue to build our buying group and now have more coverage of the worldwide marketplace than ever before, with over 600 people in our merchant organization.  Now to the real estate environment, which is presenting opportunities in the near term as well as for our long-term growth. Some very attractive locations are opening up to us the first time. We now expect to net approximately 90 new stores this year, up slightly from what we said on the last call, due to some opportunistic deals. Keep in mind that while we are capitalizing upon opportunities, we are still opening fewer stores than last year, so we are being very careful. And next year we anticipate opening more stores than this year, with our growth opportunity and the advantages of the global real estate environment.  I want to reiterate that the strategies for growth that we shared with you a year ago are all working today. What has changed this year is that our results are better than we expected and the environment is offering us excellent opportunities. We are more committed than ever to our vision for growth. I can assure you that we will remain prudent and methodical in our approach. Its part of who we are. However, the advantages we have in the current environment bring even greater clarity to our vision to grow TJX well beyond the $20 billion company we are today.  Now let me move to our financial strengths -- returning excess cash to shareholders remains a priority that we are balancing with preserving our financial flexibility in this economy. Our strong operations generate substantial amounts of cash, which allows us to reinvest in our businesses and be conservative with CapEx, while we are simultaneously returning value to our shareholders through our share buy-back and dividend programs.  In terms of share repurchases, we bought back approximately $194 million of TJX stock during the second quarter, retiring 6.4 million shares. It continues to be our plan to buy back a total of approximately $625 million of TJX stock in 2009. This consists of $250 million we originally planned and the additional approximately $375 million to buy back the shares that converted in the first quarter. However, we may adjust this up or down depending on the economic conditions.  Let me now move to our outlook for the full year -- we are now planning EPS to be in the range of $2.26 to $2.38, compared with $2.08 per share last year on a recorded basis. Last years results included a $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week, as well as certain other items impacting comparability, which are detailed in a table in todays press release.  Excluding these items, our full-year EPS outlook of $2.26 to $2.38 represents an 18% to 24% increase over last years adjusted $1.92.  I should also point out that this guidance includes an estimate of $0.03 per share negative impact from foreign currency for the full year.  Our outlook assumes a comparable store sales increase of 2% to 4% in both the third and the fourth quarter. Although we are up against easier compares in the back half, we believe it makes sense to continue to plan our business conservatively. This strategy has allowed us to generate significant leverage on incremental sales in the first half, so it is working and we will continue with this approach to the business.  However, I am pleased with our current momentum entering the back-to-school period. Jeff will provide more detail in a moment.  So in closing, let me say that we believe we have more opportunities in front of us than ever before. We are seizing the day to take full advantage of the terrific opportunities this environment presents. Our strategies to remain flexible and conservative are working and we are going to stick with them. We know that we must execute sharply and we will. Our approach has always been and will continue to be that when things are going well, we get more demanding of the entire organization, not less. Complacency is not in our DNA.  While we significantly surpassed our expectations for the first half and reached many all-time highs, I want everyone to hear me say that we are far from maximizing our growth opportunities. We hear the discussion out there about whether our growth is sustainable, so I want to be crystal clear on this point, despite all that we have achieved, we strongly believe that there is even greater growth ahead of us. As we enter the back half, we have great opportunities in our existing businesses and several new growth initiatives that we will be testing, as we are constantly planting new seeds for future growth.  Further, a very important piece of our growth story that I want to make sure is understood is the scope of our value proposition. We span the customer income demographic from the low-end through the middle and to the high-end. We believe that our customer appeal is broader than any other apparel or home retailer out there. Just think about how much more growth we can achieve on a global level with this broad customer appeal. I have great confidence that we will emerge from the recession in a stronger position and grow beyond the $20 billion business we are today with stable, consistent, and strong growth.  Now I will turn the call back to Jeff to go through further details on the second quarter and our guidance, and then we will open it up for questions. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks. Obviously we now believe we have enough visibility into the balance of the year to provide guidance for the full year. What we will give you today is detailed guidance for the third quarter. We are also providing you with our outlook for comparable store sales growth and EPS for the fourth quarter and the full year but, and I want to emphasize this, we are not providing detailed guidance or models for these periods at this time. So we will give you very detailed guidance for the third quarter. Well give you ranges of comp and EPS for the fourth quarter and the full year but no detailed models or guidance for the fourth quarter or full year.  Now let me turn to the details on third quarter guidance -- for the third quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.68 over the $0.58 per share we reported last year. There are several items impacting comparability here. Last year the mark-to-market adjustment for our inventory related hedges benefited EPS by $0.05 per share, while this year its estimated to only have a $0.02 per share benefit, which is essentially the reversal of the Q2 quarter end mark-to-market adjustment that we booked in Q2.  Additionally, we expect Q3 this year to be unfavorably impacted by $0.01 per share due to the impact of foreign exchange translation.  And finally last years Q3 earnings per share benefited from an adjustment to our computer intrusion reserve of about $0.01, so when you adjust for these factors, the third quarter guidance represents a 17% to 29% increase over prior year.  We are assuming a third quarter top line of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion, with comp sales planned up 2% to 4% on both a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group.  As to monthly comps, both on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx Group, we expect comp sales in the range of 2% to 4% in August, 1% to 3% in September, and 2% to 4% in October.  Pretax profit margins are planned in the 8.7% to 9.4% range, which on a reported basis are down 10 to up 60 basis points over the prior year. However, these year-over-year comparisons are significantly impacted by mark-to-market adjustments, which negatively impact our year-over-year pretax margin comparisons by 40 basis points. Last year also benefited by 10 basis points from the favorable intrusion reserve adjustment that I mentioned earlier. So adjusting for these items, the pretax margin would actually be up 40 to 110 basis points.  I should also note that higher interest expense year over year, in part due to pre-funding year-end debt maturities, adversely impacts pretax margin comparisons by approximately 10 to 20 basis points.  Staying with the third quarter, we are anticipating gross profit margin in Q3 to be 25.9% to 26.4%, compared with 25.7% last year. Again, gross profit margin comparisons are adversely impacted by 40 basis points due to the mark-to-market adjustments I just described, so the underlying year-over-year increase is greater than the guidance would indicate.  We expect SG&A in the third quarter as a percentage of sales to be about 16.7% to 16.9%, compared to 17.0% last year.  For modeling purposes, we are assuming -- anticipating a tax rate of 38.1%, net interest expense in the $12 million to $14 million range, and a weighted average share count of approximately $430 million.  For the full year, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $2.26 to $2.38, compared with $2.08, excuse me, per share last year on a reported basis. Excluding certain items impacted in the comparability of results year over year, which Carol described earlier and which are outlined in todays press release, this guidance represents an 18% to 24% increase over last years adjusted $1.92.  The full year guidance implies fourth quarter EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.61, compared with $0.58 last year. Like third quarter, there are several factors impacting the comparability of results -- the major one being the additional week last year. These are also detailed in todays press release.  We will now open it up for questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person and Ill just say with our last call running long, not everyone has time to ask a question, so we are going to enforce our one question limit on this call and would appreciate your cooperation. Thank you and well now open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on a great quarter. Jeff, I was hoping you could help us understand the magnitude of the items impacting the gross margin in the second quarter, the 130 basis point improvement between, for example, merchandise margin, occupancy, et cetera. Thanks. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: In terms of the gross margin, Kimberly, that was primarily driven by merchandise margin. We had a little bit of buying and occupancy levered, but primarily merchandise margin related. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Thanks.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: The one other point I would make out is mark-to-market adjustments had a 10 basis point adverse impact on the gross profit margin, so that 130 basis points improvement would have been 140 basis points worth after that market-to-market hit. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Congrats as well. I guess our question is on the Marmaxx segment margins, it looks like youve got a lot more leverage in Q1 on a one comp than you did I guess in the second quarter on a four comp, so were just trying to understand what the difference between the two quarters from a leverage perspective and how should we think about the leverage point going into the back half?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Brian, first of all we are leveraging SG&A very well. Theres probably 20 to 30 basis points predominantly due to our incentive program, which does go very deep in the organization. As you know, we have thousands of associates, including our store managers. So with this very strong performance, its significantly higher than planned. We have a bit in the 401K and probably for the back half, a slight up-tick in marketing. Jeff, do you want to add to that?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think just when you look, the difference on Marmaxx is really being driven by SG&A, which as Carol mentioned is impacting the entire quarter so if you look at SG&A, Brian, you see we reported 10 basis points of leverage today. If you actually calculate it, by the way, its closer to 20 basis points. Theres some rounding going on.  The underlying leverage is actually significantly higher than that 20 basis points. As Carol mentioned, weve got an incentive plan, incentive programs that are tied to financial performance that go very deep into our organization. We have store managers and thousands of exempt associates participating and these associates are going to receive pay-outs that are well above plan. I mean, the strength of performance with EPS up 21% year-to-date in a very difficult economy with the majority of retailers struggling, this is leading to higher expenses, higher incentive expenses associated with these broad-based incentive plans. So as Carol mentioned, the expense is meaningful. Its worth about 20 to 30 basis points in terms of a G&A hit in the second quarter. Its impacting the majority of our operating divisions because they are all performing terrifically and you know, we are going to see this impact carry over into the back half as well.  That said, if you look at Q3, we are calling for SG&A leverage of 10 to 30 basis points, despite this impact. It really tells you we are getting the cost savings that we planned.  Probably a bit more than you asked for there, Brian, but it sort of naturally led into a conversation about SG&A. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Yep, always appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Black. 
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: Hey, thanks a lot and nice quarter as well. Carol, you mentioned you broadened the vendor base. Now, just to get at whats really the main knock on the story, I guess, do we see at this point in time some of the bigger brands less availability and thats why you are broadening out things? And is that a break from historical practice when we are coming out of recessions and we might have saw the supply chain tighten up? Could you just add some color around that for us? Thanks. 
Carol B. Tome: I would say to you the answer to that in terms of the big brands is absolutely not. We put a strategy in place many years ago when we looked at the whole extension of being a global company and purposefully put a lot of dollars into sourcing and expanding to be very, very unique. I think today, we probably have the most exciting stores that Ive ever seen and the breadth of assortments, which is what we strive for, a little of everything versus being narrow and deep in any one place makes for probably one of the most exciting mixes and I think thats what is driving the customer back into our store and I think thats what is driving our traffic. So that will continue.  So theres no change in our philosophy. We are just broadening, which I think is very exciting. 
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: Great. Good luck. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Slater. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks very much and congrats. I am always shocked by the markets reaction to probably some of the strongest fundamentals in retail, but anyway -- you come up -- but Im interested in your guidance. I mean, you come up against much easier back half comps, and I think you talked a little bit about this and Im wondering why your guidance using the midpoint of your comp guidance assumes a pretty decent deceleration in the two-year average comp. So you did a 4% comp in the third quarter on 3% last year, its like a 3.5% two-year average. And then if you look at sort of your third and fourth quarter, even at the fourth quarter you are calling for if you take the midpoint of that two to four, you are calling for a deceleration to like 0.4% on a two-year basis. I am just wondering what are the things that are contributing to that type of conservative guidance?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the way we looked at it is we really took the first half and basically said fairly equal in the second half. Yes, planning conservatively and I think part of it is we obviously with the volatility of the economic environment, we never know. Having said that, my intention is obviously to beat it and we are conservative in our plans and I think wisely so at this point. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I mean, I think its benefited us year-to-date. I think you called that out in your comments. Its really benefited us year-to-date in that we set our inventory and our cost plans around comps that are reasonable but conservative and thats the way we are going to continue to plan the business. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And we certainly will leverage our business a lot better by planning it that way. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: And do you expect in the fourth quarter the consumer to be, or the trends to get any worse than they were in the first half or do you expect them to be the same or a little better?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I really cant answer that. I can only tell you that we will go after a bigger piece of the pie. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Fair enough. Best of luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Morris.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations as well. Carol, can you talk a little bit about the success and the learnings of your advertising strategy, whats been different there both in terms of spend or shifting dollars, international TV? What kind of results are you getting and what are your plans there going forward strategically?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well I won't give you all our secrets, thats for sure. I can tell you that I think its out there that we have done this dual advertising in terms of Marmaxx, which we think we are just at the beginning of this venture and we are pretty excited about what we are seeing.  Its really allowed us to hit probably between 30% and 40% of the market that have never have seen us really on TV, let alone on a consistent basis. So our plans are to be fairly aggressive in the back half and to continue this and we have a few new goodies and surprises for the future, and we are testing some other possibilities that will be very intriguing corporately going forward.  So thats really all the comments I can make. I can tell you our spend will be less but our penetration will be greater. 
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: Is the strategy a little bit different in the sense that you had been advertising more on the basis of price and now its more brand? Can you comment on that -- more of a brand strategy? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have both. We really have a layer cake. Because when you incorporate TV, direct mail, and every other vehicle that we have, we still layer in value as a big chunk of it and branding as the other piece. 
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks. Good luck for the back half. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Thanks. If we forget about anything that happened last year for a second, Im just wondering why fourth quarter wouldnt be a larger EPS quarter than 3Q. Im just trying to understand the guidance a little bit. And then to layer on to that easier sales comparisons and more help from FX, Im just trying to figure out how you come up with that fourth quarter guidance. Maybe part of that is if you could share your currency assumptions, Jeff?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, yeah, I mean, I think when we forecast currency, Paul, we forecast it at the current rate. And right now, we would anticipate about $0.02 pick-up, and we have that baked into the numbers.  You know, if you back out currency, if you back out mark-to-market, the 53rd week, you know, some of the one-time items that we have had and that we detailed in the press release, you would see the midpoint of EPS range is up 10%. I think if you look at it without the translation benefit because frankly theres no guarantee what currency rates are going to do, it would be up 14%. Thats a on a 2 to 4 comp and I think the biggest factor impacting fourth quarter is given that we are trying to project out, a decent amount of time in an economy thats relatively uncertain, we took the tact here of being relatively prudent in the way that we set the guidance. So to build on the question Todd asked earlier, year-to-date we have a 3 comp on top of a 3 last year. You know, our guidance for the fourth quarter is 2 to 4 on top of a minus 2, so clearly there is a deceleration baked in there. If that doesnt happen, you know, then theres upside. But we just felt it made sense to plan our cost structure and our inventory prudently around that level of comp growth.  In terms of the pretax margin, if you do the reverse math, were about flat to up 70 basis points. The mark-to-market in a 53rd week impacts in the fourth quarter basically cancel each other out, so on a 2 to 4, flat to 70 basis points, we have that bonus impact that we talked about earlier which dampens those year-over-year pretax margin increases.  But I think we are clearly being prudent, given the length of time between now and the fourth quarter and I think what remains a reasonable amount of economic uncertainty. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Paul, Ill say that having said that, I certainly hope we beat those numbers. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Me too. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeffery Stein.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: You guys have clearly seen a nice turn in your home business and Im wondering, Carol, if you could possibly talk a little bit about some of the categories where you are seeing most upside.  And in turn -- some of the categories where you are still seeing weakness, and also if you can just talk about you did allude to the fact that your basket was solid -- was it up in the second quarter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. First of all in terms of the basket, our basket is slightly down. Our traffic is way up -- very, very strong and our average ticket is down mid-single-digits. So thats what is really driving it, is truly the traffic.  In terms of the home businesses, Jeff, it is really strong across the board. What I am very happy about and gives me a tremendous positive feeling going forward is that not only are the fashion pieces working but the basic pieces are working, so when our sheets and towel business and our soft home and our basics are strong, thats a tremendous sign.  So I think our values are extraordinary, I think the execution is absolutely terrific and we are testing a lot of new ideas and new categories, so I just think its going to get more exciting. So I think we are in a great place in terms of all of our home businesses across the board. 
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thank you. Hi, Carol. Congratulations. Just following up on the traffic, it sounds like clearly that has been a phenomenal success. Maybe -- give us a sense of the sequential improvement you are seeing, and then if you can give us any sort of breakdown, new customers, existing customers coming more frequently -- where do you think the traffic lift is coming from? Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: All right. Well, in terms of the lift, I think its coming from both and we dont have the specific numbers yet but our early information definitely tells us its coming from both. Q1, and again we won't quote specific numbers but I can tell you that there has definitely been an acceleration that seems to be continuing. And it is across the board. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: So the traffic improvement across all channels?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Best of luck. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick McKeaver.
Patrick McKeaver - MKM Partners: Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to see if you might give us an update on some of the in-store merchandising initiatives and where you stand with the rollout and -- of lets say the runway at Maxx or the cube at Marshalls, those kinds of things and if those had any material impact in the quarter and what the outlook is going forward. Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Ernie, do you want to talk to the runway in cube?
Ernie Herrman: Patrick, and I think this came up at a call earlier, on the runway weve added another few stores because our results there continue to be strong. We like what we see. I think it does speak a little bit to the whole conversation of getting new customers in the door, a different customer that speaks to what Carol said earlier about a broader range of customers, so again we are pretty content with the runway and have added a few stores recently, actually in this quarter here that we are just finishing.  The Junior Cube, you know, initiative continues to expand. We are at a little over 400 stores at this point and again, the results, we are very happy with. So -- and what we are trying to do there is obviously capitalize on a different customer than we have in the past, the younger customer, again going back to the comment about trading broader demographics wise. I think we are trading to not only a different demographic but a different age group, so that I think is planting a strong seed for the future and those are two good initiatives, actually, [inaudible]. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Whats interesting, Patrick, is that typically your mean age sort of starts to age and ours isnt. Weve actually gone slightly down a few years, which means that when we talk about the increase in traffic, it absolutely means that we are capturing both a younger customer and keeping our customers, so thats a pretty exciting statistic. 
Patrick McKeaver - MKM Partners: So does that shape some of the broad comments that you made earlier about please with back to school, early back to school, that kind of thing? Is it just being better positioned from a merchandising standpoint with Juniors and some other categories?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, absolutely. 
Patrick McKeaver - MKM Partners: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair: Good morning, everyone. Just a quick question about A.J. Wright, the profit margin trend obviously up considerably year to year but relative to the first quarter, down a little bit. Was that primarily markdowns earlier in the quarter or was there some, you know, what should we kind of be expecting going forward there? Thank you. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Patrick, we definitely did do a clean-out in A.J.s. We got hit with the cooler weather. We took some -- we made a decision to take some early markdowns and clean out all summer, very early, so we did take a bigger hit in July than we had in plan. Having said that, we entered August strong, in great shape and I feel very, very good about it going forward. This is a very short moment in time. 
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much, guys. A quick question about your thoughts regarding the debt coming due and what the ideal balance sheet will look like and presumably with more capital, your intention to perhaps accelerate share repurchases? 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, clearly we have $1.4 billion on our balance sheet. We also have almost $150 million in cash that we cant classify as such because its invested in marketable securities that are a little bit over 90 days, so we are sitting here with about $1.5 billion.  Our intent right now is to retire the debt, so of that $1.5 billion, $400 million of it is for debt retirement. We have actually paid down the Canadian debt, which is approximately $200 million. The rate of interest that we were paying on that was very comparable to the rate of interest we were earning on the money, so it just made sense to pay it down.  And then we have the bonds to repay in December, so that $1.5 billion, really $400 million of that is earmarked for debt repayment, so that would leave us with $1.1 billion. Clearly, Richard, its not our goal to run with that level of cash. If you look historically, we have typically run $400 million or $500 million of cash on our balance sheet.  However, I would say in this environment, you know, we are going to want to maintain some excess liquidity as its probably not a bad thing and continue to be conservative. And you know, so our plans are currently to execute the buy-back plan as weve laid it out, the $625 million, although there is a chance that at certain stock prices, that we might go in a little bit heavier on the buy-back and we reserve the right to do that and we clearly have the financial flexibility to do that. But ultimately that cash will be distributed to shareholders. Thats been our practice, our longstanding practice now for the last -- well, for as far back as I can go, so well continue -- so we are going to continue that practice but I think for the short-term, dont be surprised to see us run a little bit heavier levels of cash, given the environment. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: And the opportunity to leverage up further? 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Were pretty happy with the level of debt we have now. We have -- essentially this year all of our transactions have replaced existing debt, so we really havent impacted our leverage ratio. I think over time as EBITDA grows, you have the ability to take on more leverage, and well consider that but as of right now, there are no plans to do so. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group : Good morning, everyone and congratulations. Can you review a little bit the operating margins in the second quarter by division and what your outlook is for the third quarter by division? And Carol, you mentioned a lot of times new category opportunities -- when do you think we hear about some things like that? Thank you. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well go through the model. Dana, I think Im not going to answer your second question. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thats a big question, Dana. Do you want me to go ahead and take it? Okay, yeah, fine. So in the case of Marmaxx, Marmaxxs profit margin was up 130 basis points on a 4 comp in the second quarter. Right now we have it up 100 to up 140 basis points on a 2 to 4 comp in the third quarter.  In the case of -- Ill do the American, the U.S. divisions, and then do international. In the case of Home Goods, in the first -- or in the second quarter, excuse me, we saw a 230 basis point -- excuse me, 530 basis point improvement on a 9 comp. Our guidance for the third quarter is a 220 to 330 basis point increase on a 4 to 6 comp, so again those line up.  With A.J. Wright, we saw a 130 basis point improvement on a 5 comp. As we look at the third quarter, we actually on a 3 to 5 comp would project it up 160 to 250, so its higher than we saw in the second quarter, primarily because of the markdown issue that Carol mentioned that dampened the overall profit growth at A.J. Wright slightly.  In terms of our international businesses unfortunately you get a lot of noise in here because of mark-to-market. In the case of Winners, Winners was down 150 basis points in the second quarter but only down 30 if you back out the impact of the mark-to-market, which was -- its very important. I mean, they did a fabulous job of mitigating the impact of foreign currency on their cost of goods and a great job of managing expenses, so for them to be only down 30 basis points in the second quarter excluding the mark-to-market is a big deal.  We look for a similar level of decline in the third quarter. We right now have them down 20 to down 40, again excluding mark-to-market.  And in the case of T.K. Maxx, T.K. Maxx profit margin for -- or TJX Europe, we have -- they were up 230 basis points in the second quarter. There was really no impact from mark-to-market on it and that was on a 5 -- excuse me, on a 6 comp and then in the third quarter, we have them up 20 to up 120, again excluding mark-to-market on a 3% to 5% comp, so thats how it breaks out by business, Dana.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stacy Pak.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Hi, guys, congrats again. So I guess the question just on the whole cost reduction effort -- are you still sort of thinking 150 is the right number for 09? Can you talk a little bit about what inning you are in, what cost reductions we might be able to see for 2010 and sort of the potential improvement to gross margin and SG&A from those efforts, you know, multi-year kind of level? And maybe in that, throw in your thoughts on operating margin goals by division now, especially given some of the changes we saw this quarter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: So Stacy, was that one question? All right. Ill turn it over to Jeff in a minute. In terms of the cost reduction, we had a goal of 150. We are definitely going to reach that goal. We are looking obviously at next year on what that number could look like. We are working on that today and we will update you obviously on that call in the beginning of the year and give you a full picture of that. And then in terms of multi-year, Jeff, do you want to just --
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, I think the one other thing I would call out on the $150 million is at the beginning of the year, we said SG&A would be essentially flat on a constant currency basis and actually down in an actual dollar basis. And we are on track for that. I think what you have to call out is that our significantly above planned performance, it results in additional SG&A dollars for the first -- you know, with sales significantly over plan, theres variable costs like store payroll, the credit card interchange costs, et cetera, which have to increase the support sales. Also, we are planning to open 24 more stores than our original plan, so weve added 25 stores to the plan, and Carol talked earlier about some of the performance related incentive costs that are higher due to our strong performance. So when we actually normalize for -- and we have a little bit of additional marketing that we are spending behind the strength in the business in the back half of the year, so if you normalize for that, were seeing $150 million and we are seeing flat SG&A year over year. Its just that we -- since weve put the plan together, weve actually added G&A, so thats important to call out.  The other call out on this year as we look at second and third quarter, and I am not commenting on fourth quarter at this point but second and third quarter, you know, excluding the impact from the incentive comp, were seeing very, very significant SG&A leverage and thats being driven by this.  You know, as we look forward, I dont think we are prepared to put a model for next year at this point. And as I think as we look at our potential margins, you know, the operating margin goals for each business, they are essentially in line with where we have been. We think Home Goods is clearly a lot closer than they were. They had a peak margin two years ago, lost a lot last year. Theyve gained it all back and then some this year.  T.K. we think can exceed their profit margin goal. Carol talked about that in the script but beyond that, you know, and Marmaxx is clearly pushing the high end. But I think beyond that, we havent revised any of those goals and really wouldnt comment on that until we get into putting a plan on the street for next year. 
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Just on the cost side, do you think that -- I mean, what inning are you in? If you dont want to comment, I understand you dont want to give numbers for TAN, thats fine but can you just give us a sense of sort of what inning you are in and you know, what sort of opportunities you may be looking at for 2010? Anything qualitative? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Stacy, as far as I am concerned, every single year we are going to go after cost reduction. I dont think were in -- were going to finish this year, certainly reaching our goal and hopefully surpassing it and then we are going to set the next goal for next year. So that to me is an ongoing process. 
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Mann.
David Mann - Analyst: Thank you. Just to piggy-back on the last couple of questions -- Jeff, can you give the EBIT, segment EBIT sort of goals for this year that are embedded within your full year assumption?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Were really not -- Id be happy to that for third quarter but I think as it relates to fourth and full quarter, we -- as we said earlier, we werent going to put detailed models on the street at this point. 
David Mann - Analyst: Okay, then if I can ask a different question, youve talked a lot about inventory availability not being a problem. Can you just comment a little bit on whether you are seeing better pricing now in terms of contributing to merchandise margin and whether you believe thats sustainable?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would say we are seeing both, David, but again, Im going to go back to how we set up our sourcing and supply chain -- every single year weve increased our buying of off-price, you know, and we will continue that goal. So we just -- we see this continuing, the availability via best brands or any country. I dont see that changing. 
David Mann - Analyst: Great. Thank you. Great job. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Glick.
David Glick - Analyst : Yes, good morning. Just a follow-up on home goods -- how much of your improvement, which was pretty spectacular for the quarter, was due to operational improvements and inventory management, which weve been talking about for a long time, and how much was just better traffic and merchandising? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Its really all three. Our inventory levels are significantly down, which allows us to really flow in a lot of fresh, fantastic merchandise and I think our execution is really where it should be this year and I do think we skipped a few beats last year and I think we are at a place today where the guys understand it, they know that going forward, they know what they need to do and I think that some of it is up.  
David Glick - Analyst : Great. Thanks a lot for the color and good luck in the second half. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Im very happy with the performance. 
David Glick - Analyst : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marnie Shapiro.
Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Hey, guys, congratulations. Great quarter. I have two tiny questions -- you talked briefly about your basket being down and average ticket being down. I was curious if you could give us color, if that was mix of product versus mark-downs, and did Home Goods -- Im sorry, A.J. have an impact on that for the overall? And were there any segments that you saw rebound nicely and improve nicely in the second quarter that you are able to now flex up going into the back half? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of our basket being down, we said mid-single-digits. A.J.s really has no effect on that, Marnie -- its really across the board and the qualitative piece is the qualitative piece. I just think well continue to give great value to the consumer and thats what our goal is.  In terms of seeing a segment going forward, again we have big initiatives for the back half. I really dont want to talk to those and I think you will see them when you go into our stores in the back half, so I would suggest shop in our stores. 
Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Not a problem. Talk to you guys soon. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine. 
Laura Champine - Analyst : Good morning. Just trying to reconcile your comment that Home Goods is likely to have its best margin in its history -- can you talk about what makes that business stand out from other homes related retailers, other than the obvious? Because thats a great result. And then also, I think that implies a real reversal in margin trends at Marmaxx in Q4 -- is that right? And if so, what should keep Marmaxx from having much better margins in Q4 on a year-on-year basis?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ill take the Home Goods question and the margin question, Jeff already did talk a bit about Marmaxx and exactly what is creating that, so if you want to reiterate that, you can.  In terms of Home Goods, again Im just going to come back to its about execution and I think these guys are executing and I think the model is a terrific model. It worked and it worked when you execute well and thats what they are doing. So I think again, Ill reiterate that I think they understand. I think we made some missteps a year ago and I think we are back on track and we are ready to accelerate. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think the only color I would give you around the fourth quarter is -- Im not going to comment on Marmaxx specifically but again, if you look at our Q4 overall pretax margin, were saying flat to up 70 basis points. Were clearly running stronger than that year-to-date and have stronger guidance in the third quarter and it really just comes down to a level of caution about the fourth quarter, just given how far we are out from holiday and the level of visibility we have.  So I would tell you, you know, as we said earlier, that the assumptions we are making in our Q4 guidance lean towards the conservative side but again, we think thats prudent in terms of how we position ourselves from a cost and an inventory perspective. 
Laura Champine - Analyst : Thanks. Maybe Im missing the share count -- can you comment on year-end share count? 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Were just going to execute the buy-back program that we have and weve got about $400 million to go were going to spend throughout the back half. I think you can make an assumption on share price and get to the share count. 
Laura Champine - Analyst : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michelle Clark. 
Michelle Clark - Analyst : Good morning and congratulations. You had mentioned additional store openings next year relative to what we are going to see this year -- could you just detail us on where the biggest growth is coming from and maybe domestically, geographic penetration, where we should expect to see those store openings? Thank you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Michelle, you really are going to see it across the board and we are taking an opportunistic approach, and the reason why we ended up with 26 more stores in the original plan this year was because of the opportunities. So just like everything else, we have cash, we have tremendous flexibility. So we will take advantage of every terrific real estate opportunity for next year and thats the way we are looking at it, so its really not by any particular region. Its really by return on invested capital. 
Michelle Clark - Analyst : Okay, great. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today is from Randy Konick. 
Randy Konick - Analyst: Great. Thank you. Just regarding the merchandise margin, can you just give us a little bit of color of the IMU versus the markdown? And then on IMU, I guess you made a comment that you have a plentiful inventory to buy out there -- has the costing side of it changed at all over the last few quarters on a sequential basis?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think its pretty much split, right? Half and half?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yeah, its pretty balanced between merchandise margin -- the merchandise margin growth is pretty balanced between mark-up and markdown. And we are also getting some benefit from freight and fuel -- freight as a result of some -- you know, part of our cost reduction program, so were seeing some of that flow through the -- but its primarily going to be markdowns and [inaudible] pretty balanced between the two, Randy. 
Randy Konick - Analyst: Do you foresee any big changes in the IMU trend now that you are broadening out the inventory buys?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think weve been seeing it year over year. And I think well again, you know, our sourcing, just in terms of the total coverage, this gives us an opportunity. So I think going forward, again I dont know what basis points it is but you know, we are going to continue with our strategy and our sourcing and we continue to add to the merchandising group because we think its very advantageous. 
Randy Konick - Analyst: Lastly, you just think the IMU should continue to move higher as we move into lapping these comparisons in the next 12 months, is that fair?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I hope so. 
Randy Konick - Analyst: All right. Thank you. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone and we certainly look forward to our next call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol M. Meyrowitz - President and Chief Executive Officer Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations Jeffrey G. Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President and President of The Marmaxx Group
Analysts: Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Jeffery Stein - Soleil - Stein Research LLC Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Daniel Hofkin - William Blair Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Stacy Pak - SP Research
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies first quarter fiscal 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning. Before we begin, Sherry Lang has a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning.  The forward-looking statements we make today about the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companies' plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2009.  Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without the prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States copyright and other laws.  Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  Please note that we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange on our consolidated results and our International division in today's press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.TJX.com. As a reminder, the comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today are on a constant currency basis. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in today's press release and posted on our website, www.TJX.com, in the Investor Information section.  Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor and Ernie Herrman. We're going to start this call by having Jeff take you through our first quarter results, then I will share with you my thoughts on our first quarter performance, our outlook for the second quarter and our long-term view.  Big picture, I am very pleased with our performance in these difficult times and the additional opportunities we're seeing as a result of the downturn from which we believe we will benefit in the long term. However, times are still uncertain and you're going to hear that we are remaining extremely deliberate in our approach and cautious about our near-term outlook.  We'll get into more details about the second quarter, but in addition to the continuing challenging environment, our comparisons to last year do not become easier until later in the year. We believe the right thing to do is to plan and run the business with conservative assumptions as we did this past quarter, and strive to beat our plan. First, here's Jeff to recap the numbers for the first quarter. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. I'll be recapping the first quarter results on a continuing operation basis, so in the first quarter net sales were $4.35 billion. That was up 1% over last year. Our consolidated comp store sales were up 2% and that was on top of a 2% increase last year and it was also significantly above our plan. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.49. That's up 11% over the $0.44 we reported last year. I should point out, however, that last year's results included a $0.02 per share benefit from FIN 48 tax adjustments, so excluding this benefit from last year's EPS our numbers were up 17% over the adjusted $0.42 last year. The 17% adjusted EPS growth was achieved despite several items that impact the comparability of results and adversely impacted first quarter this year.  First of all, foreign currency translation negatively impacted this year's results by $0.02 per share, which was about $0.01 more than we had planned. Second, marking our inventory related hedges to market at the end of the quarter reduced EPS this year by $0.02 per share compared to a $0.01 per share reduction to EPS last year.  And finally, results this year were adversely impacted by about $0.01 per share due to one-time costs related to our expense reduction initiatives. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin on a reported basis was 7.8%. That up 90 basis points over last year due to strong merchandise margins and solid expense control, but partially offset by the restructuring costs and the marked-to-market hedge adjustment. And I'll provide some further detail on how this breaks out later in the call.  Pre-tax profit margins increased significantly at all divisions with the exception of Winners, whose merchandise margins were adversely impacted by sourcing over half its merchandise in more expensive U.S. dollars. You'll recall that we discussed this on our February call and I'll also provide more detail on Winners later today. The gross profit margin was up 90% basis points during the quarter. Merchandise margins were up 110 basis points over prior year, which was better than we expected, but was partially offset by the marked-to-market adjustment I just mentioned.  SG&A costs were flat versus last year as a percentage of sales and SG&A dollar spending was slightly favorable to plan despite the above-plan sales and that was due to our cost reduction efforts.  In terms of inventories at the end of the first quarter, consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 4%. We're entering the second quarter with fewer dollars committed forward than at this time last year on a per store basis, and this includes the warehouses, the stores and the merchandise we have on order. So now let me turn the call back to Carol and I'll recap our second quarter guidance at the end of the call.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Jeff. It's great to be able to report such a strong first quarter, especially in such extraordinary tough times. The overarching message that I'd like you to take away from today's call is that our strategies for a conservative approach in 2009 are working well. By planning conservative comps, keeping inventories lean and reducing costs, all with an extreme focus on execution, we delivered above-plan results in a very difficult retail environment. We will continue to stick to our knitting and proceed with the same strategies that just delivered strong results in the first quarter.  On our year end call we outlined the three major strategies of our conservative approach to the business for weathering this difficult environment. Today I'm going to tell you how those major strategies led to our strong first quarter results.  First, planning comp sales conservatively truly worked well. We planned our business around an assumption of a 2% to 4% consolidated comp sales decrease and by significantly exceeding this plan drove excellent flowthrough to the bottom line, achieving an adjusted EPS growth of 17% despite adverse currency impacts and one-time restructuring costs.  Second, by running the business with very lean inventories in order to turn faster and increase merchandise margin we topped our expectations by increasing merchandise margins by 110 basis points.  Third, we are continuing with our aggressive cost-cutting initiatives of $150 million for the year. At the end of the first quarter we are on track with our plan and we are also seeing expense savings flowing through to the bottom line. With great values and merchandise initiatives, customer traffic in the first quarter was up more than it was in the first quarter at virtually all of brands as we continue to gain market share. Clearly, our value proposition is attracting and resonating with our customers. I've said it before and I'll say it again - we believe that value is key, whether the economy is weak or strong, and our job is to deliver value beyond compare every day to our customers. I'd like to highlight some of the first quarter results.  Marmaxx had the most profitable quarter - not its most profitable first quarter, but its most profitable quarter in its history - with segment profit up 19% driven by very strong merchandise margins and terrific expense control.  HomeGoods profit grew 75% and they delivered a strong segment margin of 4%, up significantly over the prior year.  With a 12% comp sales increase at A.J. Wright, they delivered $4 million in profit, more than it had cumulatively made in its entire history.  Winners significantly beat its plan. Excluding the marked-to-market adjustment, Winners offset much of the negative currency impact on its merchandise margin with better buying and delivering even more expense savings than we had expected.  T.K. Maxx generated a strong 6% comp overall and in the U.K. and Ireland more than doubled its profit, dramatically improving the profitability of the overall European business.  Including our investment in Germany and HomeSense, TJX Europe delivered over a 190 basis point increase in its segment profit over last year.  I also want to reiterate that while we have a short-term strategy in place to manage through these difficult times, we believe that our future growth opportunities are tremendous. The seeds we've planted are working, and I'm convinced that those seeds will only grow stronger in the future. I remain firm in my belief that with solid strategies and execution we will emerge from this recession as an even stronger company. We will not get ahead of ourselves, however, and as always will be very methodical in our approach.  Now let me share with you some additional details of how our strategies are working in this environment.  First, as I just mentioned, planning comps at lower levels enables us to drive more flowthrough to the bottom line as we exceed our plan. Let me highlight just a few of the ways we're driving sales.  We're delivering extreme value to our stores every day, which is clearly being noticed by our customers. We are managing the business with much leaner inventories and buying very close to need. Fresh fashion at compelling prices are flowing to our stores faster than ever, and this is also helping to drive traffic. Through strong and weak times we see ourselves as a shopping destination for both moderate and high-end brands at low-end prices.  Our strategy to shift our purchase dollars to the right categories and initiatives in order to drive sales is also working. We continue to be pleased with THE CUBE, our junior department at Marshall's, and we are opening many new vendors in this category, which is benefiting both T.J. Maxx and Marshall's. The performance of juniors at Marmaxx in the first quarter was phenomenonal as we bring in young customers for the future. Another category callout is dresses, which continues to post outstanding comps throughout our divisions. Footwear also continued to outperform. We've also [inaudible] more dollars into children, which typically does better in economic downturns, and that has definitely been paying off. We are testing several new ideas which we believe will also help drive sales to the back of the year.  Lastly on sales drivers, I told you on our last call how excited I am about our new marketing campaign and by now I assume most of you have seen what I'm talking about. For the first time ever we are advertising T.J. Maxx and Marshall's together in the same TV spot. Our Intervention campaign positions both brands as the better way to shop for great fashions, great brands, and incredible value. This new network campaign is hitting markets that have never seen our brand on TV before and we believe will attract even more new customers.  Clearly, we are also getting more bang for our advertising buck with this dual branding. We have tested our dual-branding strategy with very positive results but, as always, we will continue to solicit customer feedback, fine tune, and make our campaign even stronger. We've done a lot of work over the last several years to differentiate the shopping experience at T.J. Maxx and Marshall's which has given the consumer plenty of reasons to shop both brands. This is a great time to attract new customers and gain share as the retail landscape is changing so dramatically. Second, in addition to driving traffic, our running business with very lean inventories led to faster turns and stronger merchandise margins. We began the first quarter with more inventory liquidity and greater open to buy than I can remember, which for our buyers means even sweatier palms as they chase goods and buy even closer to need. With better buying and faster inventory turns, merchandise margins were significant up across all divisions in the first quarter with the exception of Winners which, while down year-on-year, was significantly above plan, and we'll discuss this later in more detail.  Third, we're on track with our cost reduction plans we're already seeing the bottom line benefits. We continue to be confident in our ability to reduce expenses by $150 million in 2009.  Moving on, I want to emphasize that while we're taking a cautious approach during this recession, our vision to grow TJX as a global off-price value retailer is unwavering. I truly believe that with the right strategies in place we will come out of the recession with an even competitive edge. We are taking advantage of opportunities that this environment presents and as I mentioned are continuing to plant seeds for the future.  First, the consolidation in the retail sector offers great opportunities for our businesses. We continue to gain market share and are growing our customer base for the future through our great values. With customer traffic up and average basket down, even a slight increase in consumer spending should be very meaningful to our business. As we have discussed, we have found in past recessions that once customers discover us, they tend to stick with us when times improve because they love our values.  We've seen updated analyst estimates of bankruptcies and store closures to date across apparel and home fashion retailers will result in approximately 1,300 closed stores and nearly $11 billion market share opportunity in the U.S. While consumer demand has decreased meaningfully, fewer players in the retail landscape bodes well for TJX as we play in both higher end and lower demographics.  We believe that this is also true for HomeGoods, which just delivered its strongest first quarter performance ever. HomeGoods has regained its footing with a better mix and flow, sharper value, and improved in store merchandise. In addition to better execution at HomeGoods, we believe that much of the consolidation in retail will happen in the home arena, which should provide HomeGoods a strong conservative position.  In terms of sourcing, the tough environment continues to open more and more vendor doors to us, growing our already vast vendor universe. We are still being asked if there will be enough product for us to buy when the department stores bring their inventories in line as we get to the holiday season, so once again I will say it as plainly as I can - availability is never a concern for us. Even when the marketplace becomes more disciplined, there is always more product available to us than we would want or could ever buy. To understand the magnitude of what we are talking about, in the first quarter alone we opened more than 600 new vendor doors and that was just at Marmaxx and HomeGoods alone.  We've tried many ways to explain this, but it's very important to understand that we have 500 buyers all over the world. We take a global tactical approach, sourcing from well over 10,000 vendors in 60 countries, moving and placing buyers in the most advantageous location as the dynamics of the markets change. It's also crucial to understand that once a vendor door is opened it typically stays open over time as we establish long-term mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors.  As we indicated on our year end call, one of the biggest opportunities for the future from this downturn is the real estate market. We continue to see very advantageous deals for opening new stores, renegotiating leases and relocating stores to better locations.  At the beginning of the year we said that we had 65 net store openings planned and we were keeping our capital powder dry for great deals as they came to us. To update you on where we are with store openings, we now expect to open between 80 and 85 stores this year net of closings, 15 to 20 more than we had initially planned. The additional stores are primarily in Europe as well as Marmaxx and allow us to take advantage of terrific real estate opportunities.  Now moving to our growth vehicles, which continued to perform well despite the weak retail climate. The strong performance of our newer and younger concepts is very promising for the long-term growth potential of our company.  In the U.S., A.J. Wright delivered outstanding performance in the first quarter. A.J. Wright is executing extremely well as the concept continues to gain traction. Store contribution levels continue to move up, which gives us confidence in this division's ability to achieve its long-term segment profit targets. Our store openings in Atlanta, our new A.J. market, were strong. We are very encouraged by A.J. Wright and continue to believe that the U.S. could ultimately support 500 or more A.J. Wright stores.  Our test of our Shoe Megashop by Marshall's in the U.S. and Style Sense in Canada, our stand-alone shoe and accessory concept, continues to generate excellent customer response. We had a strong opening for an additional Shoe Megashop by Marshall's during the quarter. If these concepts continue to be successful, we will have a real long-term growth opportunity here in the U.S. as well as in Canada. In Europe our younger concepts continues to significantly outperform our expectations in a difficult retail environment, just as they did throughout 2008.  In Germany, our T.K. Maxx stores are achieving sales productivity levels that are comparable to the average of our existing stores in the U.K., and virtually all German stores are exceeding our expectations. We are also seeing strong year-on-year results in stores that have been open for more than a year. With these strong results, as I just mentioned, we are increasing our store growth for the year. We now expect to net 15 stores in Germany, five more than the original plan. We believe our business in Germany will achieve profitability towards the end of calendar 2010. We also plan on opening three stores in Poland in the back half of this year. After a tremendous amount of research, we believe that a merchandise mix that combines what we have in Germany and the U.K. would resonate extremely well for the customers in Poland. We are taking a regional approach to expansion in Europe, as the stores that we are opening in Poland are very close to several of our stores in Germany.  We believe the demand for great value as well as the advantageous real estate deals in Poland provide a really solid platform upon which to grow further in Europe. We will start slowly, as we always do, and continue to evaluate as we go forward. We're also very pleased with our new HomeSense business in the U.K. With the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector in the U.K., we are seeing excellent real estate opportunities which are allowing us to open HomeSense stores in very good locations on extremely good terms.  Both T.K. Maxx in Germany and HomeSense in the U.K. have improved their bottom line and exceeded our expectations. Long-term we see T.K. Maxx growing to 250 to 300 stores in Germany and HomeSense growing to 100 to 150 stores in the U.K.  I believe that we have significant growth potential in our U.S. concepts and international expansion. There is no question in my mind that TJX is benefiting from being an international company and will continue to do so in the long term. We are very pleased with what we are seeing in our European businesses, but I reiterate that we will continue to proceed very carefully and methodically with growth.  Now let me move to our financial strength, which continues to be critically important in today's world. We will continue to manage our strong balance sheet and cash position to preserve our flexibility.  Cash continues to be a big part of our story. We entered the first quarter with a balance of $1 billion. This included $375 million we borrowed to refinance our convertible notes, which we plan to use to buyback the shares that were issued to the convertible note holders earlier in May.  Returning excess cash to shareholders remains a priority that we are balancing with preserving cash liquidity in these economic times. In terms of share repurchases, we bought back approximately $43 million of TJX stock during the first quarter. We're retiring 1.6 million shares. It continues to be our plan to buyback approximately $250 million of TJX stock in 2009 in addition to the $375 million to buyback the shares that converted or approximately $625 million in total.  As we've said before, we may adjust this amount up or down depending on the environment. In addition, we increased the per share dividend by 9%, which is the 13th consecutive year of a dividend increase.  I want to take a moment to mention that our strong financials continue to [break in audio] well against our peers. In the recent Fortune 500 rankings, TJX ranked 131, one place higher than last year. In terms of financial ratios among all Fortune 500 companies, we ranted No. 34 in return on assets, No. 28 in return on equity, and 94 for 10-year EPS compounded annual growth rate. Moving to our outlook for the second quarter, although off to a good start in May, we believe it's prudent to remain cautious as the economic environment continues to be challenging and uncertain. We also want to remind you of the tough comparisons we have to last year's second quarter. First, it is our strongest quarter of the last year in terms of sales and earnings growth, and we are up against three consecutive years of strong second quarter comps. We also have difficult year-on-year hurdles in terms of the impact of foreign exchange, which will ease up late in the third quarter.  We will continue to plan conservatively while at the same time we will certainly take actions to drive sales and profitability beyond our plan level. We are planning EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.49 compared with $0.48 per share last year. We are planning comp sales to be flat to down 2% on a consolidated basis and at the Marmaxx group. Jeff will provide more details in a moment.  So in closing let me say again that I'm very pleased with our first quarter performance. I believe that our prudent approach to 2009 is working and helping us do what we said we would do, which is to protect the bottom line. We will continue to plan comps conservatively, run with extremely tight inventories and significantly reduce costs.  We will also continue to take action to drive sales beyond our conservative expectations, which to the extent we are successful will drive more profitability as we did in the first quarter. It remains our financial strategy to manage our substantial cash flow and liquidity and to maintain our flexibility.  We will balance our financial strength with the opportunities that we have in today's environment. We will pursue opportunities with paramount focus on return on investment but take full advantage of today's environment for the future - in other words, seize the day. Even more exciting, our growth vehicles are working in this spate of challenging times and I believe that growing this company in the U.S. and internationally has great advantages. We believe that TJX, a nearly $20 billion company today, when carefully and intelligently executed, has tremendous growth opportunities for the future.  I'm confident that the strategies that we have in place are the right ones and that with keen focus on solid execution we are in excellent position to be even stronger competitively when times improve. I truly believe that our great value equation plays well today, in the future, and in many countries across the globe. Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff to go through further details on the first quarter and our plans for the second quarter, and then we'll be happy to open it up for questions.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Thanks, Carol.  Before moving guidance I wanted to take a moment to run through some first quarter items. First let me give you some detail on the impact of currency overall and at the end how it impacted our Winners business.  Overall, currency translation and marked-to-market adjustments had a $0.04 per share negative impact on EPS in the first quarter this year and that would compare to last year's $0.01 per share negative impact, so the takeaway here is that Q1's 17% EPS growth was achieved despite some pretty significant currency headwinds which we won't anniversary until very late, actually, in the third quarter. The marked-to-market adjustment on our inventory related hedges also impacted our pre-tax margin in the first quarter, so while we reported a 90 basis points improvement, it would have been 110 basis points excluding the marked-to-market. Secondly, foreign currency translation and the marked-to-market adjustments significantly impacted the reported Canadian numbers. If you look at the segment tables attached to the press release you'll see that we reported a decline of $21 million in Winners segment profit. This would have been only a $3 million decline if we exclude the impact of foreign currency translation and the marked-to-market adjustment, so when we look at it in local currency we're close to having flat profit year-on-year in our Canadian business. Similarly, we reported a 370 basis point decline in Winners segment profit margin, but this would have been down 130 basis points if we exclude these currency items. And the profit decline in our Canadian business is much than we had planned as the team at Winners is doing an excellent job of mitigating the cost of goods sold impact of the weak Canadian dollar by buying better and generating above plan expense reductions. I should note that we've provided a schedule detailing the impact of currency on TJX's consolidated results as well as the results of Winners and T.K. Maxx. That's out on our website and we'd encourage you to look at it because I think it's helpful to understanding and interpreting the results. The second item I wanted to cover is pre-tax margins and the components of the year-on-year change. Pre-tax margins for the first quarter were 7.8%, up 90 basis points over the prior year. This breaks down as follows: Merchandise margins were up 110 basis points, partially offset by the 20 basis point negative impact on the marked-to-market adjustment. SG&A expense was flat, but it's levered by 10 basis points on the 2% comp excluding the restructuring costs, so we actually got leverage on G&A if you back out the one-time restructuring costs that w had in the quarter.  Finally, I wanted to briefly discuss the refinancing of the convertible bonds. In early April we completed a $375 million debt offering and exercised our option to redeem the convertible notes. Since then, the debt - which had an accretive value of approximately $365 million - was converted into 15.1 million shares of TJX stock. Now this doesn't impact the EPS as these shares have always been included in our calculation, and we're now in the process of repurchasing these shares in the open market and will now use the $375 million of proceeds from the debt offering to do so.  At current stock prices we would expect to buyback approximately 13.5 million of the 15.1 million shares that were issued, and the deal should be approximately $0.02 to $0.03 accretive to EPS on an annualized basis, which was not included in our original plans for the year. The benefit of the reduced share count more than offsets the approximately $19 million of incremental interest expense on the new debt. So now let me turn to second quarter guidance. For the second quarter we expect earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.49 versus $0.48 per share last year. You'll see from our comp store sales guidance that we expect the economic and retail environment to continue to be difficult.  So, the assumptions - we're assuming a second quarter top line of $4.4 to $4.5 billion, with comp sales planned flat to down 2% on both a consolidated basis and also at the Marmaxx group. It's important to note that while the first quarter was up against an average comp increase of 1% over the past three years, the second quarter is up against an average 3% comp increase for the same period, so the comparisons get meaningfully more difficult in the second quarter.  For the month of May we're planning an increase of 3% to 4% on a consolidated basis and also at Marmaxx. We're anticipating a 3% to 5% decrease in June and a 1% to 3% decrease in July, both for TJX and for Marmaxx. It's important to note that we believe June will be our most difficult month as we were up against a very strong 5% consolidated comp last year and an average consolidated comp of 4% over the past three years. Pre-tax margins in the second quarter are planned in the 6.9% to 7.7% range. That's down 50 to up 30 basis points over the prior year. We are anticipating second quarter gross profit margin in the area of 24.3% to 24.8% compared to 24.3% last year, and SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 17% to 17.2% compared to 16.8% last year. We expect SG&A to delever in the second quarter due to the flat to negative 2% comp store sales we're planning as well as the impact of the lower average ticket on cost ratios. It's important to note that we've taken actions to deliver the $150 million of cost savings and are on track to meet these expectations.  Finally, for modeling purposes, we're anticipating a tax rate of 38.4% and net interest expense in the $7 to $9 million range.  So we'll now turn the call back to [Elon] for questions and we'd ask you to keep the call on schedule we'd like you to limit your questions to one per person. So thank you and we'll now open it up.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: I guess maybe to Jeff or Carol, just Marmaxx was significantly better than we thought. Maybe if you could just break out how the 140 basis point margin improvement sort of broke out between merchandise margins or leverage and expense savings?  And then maybe, just Carol, maybe update us on your intermediate sort of opportunities for segment margins in the younger divisions?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, margins were very strong. It was really split between markdowns and markups. And Jeff, do you want to go through some of the costs?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I mean, the bottom line is we had a comp up 1%. Ordinarily you'd expect on a 1% comp increase to see deleverage and in fact we saw the merchandise margin was up significantly. It represents most of that 140 basis point increase, Brian. We also got a little bit of leverage from expenses, which speaks to the cost reductions efforts that we have in place. But I think if you look overall the 140 basis points, the lion's share of that is merchandise margin, as Carol mentioned.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And Brian, in terms of the other divisions, really across the board everyone had significant increase in merchandise margin and in pre-tax with the exception of Winners due to the currency issue. But if you look at the U.K. in terms of in addition to the investment they were up 190 basis points. HomeGoods has had a spectacular quarter and they were up pre-tax 153. And A.J.'s, which had a very, very strong comp, tremendous again, pre-tax, over 300% increase.  So we're really across the board. I'm very, very pleased with the execution of all the divisions. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Black - Barclays Capital.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: On the regional trends, can you tell us what you're seeing in California these past couple of quarters and in Florida specifically and just what's happening there; if you could, in Texas as well. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Texas has been pretty good for awhile, so we've seen a pretty positive trend there. And Florida is definitely starting to come back. So, you know, the trend last year was softening in Florida and we're starting to see some increases there. And California is very slowly increasing, so the whole Southwest region is getting a little bit stronger. But we are definitely seeing some improvement and that is over a weaker comp.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: One question on the spread at Marmaxx; it looks like it's a little bit larger than it has been in prior quarters. Is there anything you could speak to there that might help explain that? I'm talking the spread between comps and total sales increase.  And then second, Jeff, I don't know if there's a way that you can give us a sense of the real estate deals that are getting presented to you today. Anyway that you can frame that for us maybe in terms of what you're seeing on a cost per foot versus what you've signed in previous years?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: In terms of the spread I'm going to have to look into that because when we look at Marmaxx's comp it was up 1% and if I look at the square footage growth - I'm quickly finding that here - if I look at the square footage growth for Marmaxx, it's up in that 2% to 3% range. So I don't think there's anything really going on. I mean, the store growth that would be benefiting this year from stores we opened last year was really no different. I think, Jeff, we're going to have to take that one offline and just pull the numbers apart a little bit because I'm not seeing the same thing. 
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital:  Sure, yes. It just seems like the productivity number, the new store productivity number, would have to be really high to get to the spread that we're seeing in the first quarter. 
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Okay. Well, let us look into it. I don't have anything. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, we'll get back to you on that.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: And in terms of real estate, you can see we've committed to opening more stores. We've got more in Europe than we have in the U.S. because frankly we've seen rates come down more quickly in Europe than they've come down in the U.S., so that's where we're putting the incremental capital at this point. And I would tell you over the last couple of monthly real estate cycles we're beginning to see those rates come down in the U.S., but I'd rather not get into specifics in terms of dollars per foot.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Paul, the real key here is the fact that we put our bucket aside and we will take advantage of best market prices. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: A question I think really first for Jeff. The $150 million of cost savings, just so we're clear, that you're on track to hit for the year in SG&A, would we expect to see total SG&A reported for the company down by that amount on a year-on-year basis with most of the benefit coming in Q3 and Q4?  And my follow up really is with respect - it's a little qualitative, you know, looking back at our notes you talked about when you gave guidance before, I think it was back in April, it was really based on a, quote, "deep recession continuing," and I'm just wondering, I mean, you've talked about it this morning, but would you characterize that kind of guidance to be using the same kind of language?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well, in terms of - why don't I take SG&A? So in terms of SG&A, no, you can't just take the - you know, assume it would be down by $150 million because baseline costs are up and we're also seeing increases in pension expense, employee medical benefits, etc. So what we said in our guidance, John, was that we would expect expenses to be essentially flat year-on-year, the total SG&A. 
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  But actually down in Q3 and Q4?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: No, I would not be planning it down in Q4. 
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Okay.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Right now I think the way to think about it is - and we're not providing guidance for the full year but we said we thought SG&A would be flat for the year. Remember, that was based on a negative comp. So as we beat sales, we actually spend more in SG&A in the stores because we have incremental people in the stores and so [inaudible] on that with payroll is incremental transactions, so you have the interchange fees, supplies, etc. So there will be some costs that'll go up; SG&A will go up as we generate more sales. That's a good thing. In the first quarter we had 10 basis points of leverage on a 2% comp with our cost savings partially in. And as we look at the second quarter and going forward we would expect to continue to see leverage at a 2% comp. But we're not going to see a $150 million drop in our SG&A. A portion of that hits buying and occupancy, which is in gross profit, and obviously we have also cost increases across the whole cost structure, but particularly some significant increases in pension and benefits.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  And then the follow up on the language?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. The other thing that you've got to consider too is we are running with lower retail, so that does put more units through the system in terms of the cost structure.  Yes, deep recession, you know, obviously our first quarter was stronger. We planned a down 2% to down 4% and obviously we beat that with an up 2%, which is a positive trend which I can't say I'm not excited about. We went into this year with a lot of questions. So I don't think we have the answer to the deep recession. We're just going to take one quarter at a time. I think we're planning Q2 prudently and I think it's a very rational estimate and I think we're going to take one quarter at a time and see what [break in audio] yields.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffery Stein - Soleil - Stein Research LLC.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil - Stein Research LLC: One quick one for Jeff and then one for Carol.  On foreign exchange, Jeff, can you tell us what your assumption is based into that second quarter guidance?  And then for Carol, I'm wondering if you could talk about some of the drivers that really have begun to accelerate the sales trend at A.J. Wright?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I mean, the guidance, we're looking at it versus our plan for the year, Jeff. We set our plan based on currency rates that were in place when we began the year, which for the Canadian dollar was in the low 80s and the British pound sort of the mid, you know, around $1.50, so those would be the rates that would be used by the guidance. 
Jeffery Stein - Soleil - Stein Research LLC:  But on a cents per share basis, Jeff, for Q2?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Q2 translation they'll have a $0.02 negative impact versus LY. These are all versus LY, Jeff, so translation is costing us $0.02. The marked-to-market, which hit us in the first quarter, we flip - it reverses - so we'll end up with $0.02 of positive EPS from marked-to-market, so those two essentially cancel out.  I should also mention, though, in sort of calling those out, interest and tax rate also cost in the second quarter $0.01 apiece. So translation cost us $0.02, marked-to-market benefits us by $0.02, and interest and tax each cost us $0.01 in the second quarter if you think of it this year versus last year.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil - Stein Research LLC:  And the trends at A.J. Wright, Carol?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes, Jeff. Well, I talked about it before. We've had pretty positive trends for several quarters now and I think the big takeaways here are that we're really understanding the customer.  Obviously, we're building on a stronger year and we have a strong team in place. All our top level team as well as the next tier down has really been in place now year-on-year. We brought in a very strong head of stores, so we've got a great team in place.  We figured out how to market to this customer. We're running leaner inventories. And the core is working, which we said we're focusing on basics and shoes, accessories, juniors, and kids, and there are several other areas that we have opportunity in. But the transactions are very, very strong at A.J. Wright and really they're continuing to execute extremely well. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: My question is on the balance sheet. Jeff, you've got $742 million in current debt. I know that you indicated the contingent convertible was converted in early May, so I'm assuming that piece goes away by the end of the second quarter?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: That's correct.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  But the other two pieces, the $200 million note due in December and the Canadian $235 million credit facility due in January of 2010, is your intention to pay these off, roll these over, or could you give us some sort of visibility into that?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. You've just laid out the three components of the current installments of long-term debt, Kimberly. It's the convertibles and it's the $200 million in bonds that matures in December and then the $200 million roughly in Canadian debt that matures in January. On those latter two maturities - so we've already refinanced the convertible. Our intent would be to refinance those other two pieces of debt. We are managing our cash as if the markets will be closed to us and I think we'll make judgments on that as we go through the year in terms of what happens in the credit markets and just how loose it is.  But, you know, our tent, while we've set ourselves up in our plan and given ourselves the amount of liquidity and financial flexibility to pay them down, we would intend to refinance them at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: With A.J. Wright performing better - I think it had its first profit in the first quarter - and obviously with the real estate opportunities, maybe unprecedented, at the moment, when do you think you start to ratchet up the growth to get better scale then? And then secondly, the U.K. business, which is now more than $2 billion, if you look at the rest of Europe where you're going into Poland, what do you think the revenue opportunity there is for the entire continent outside of the U.K.? Do you think it's as big or bigger than the U.K. based on your analysis? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, A.J. Wright, we have a very, I'll say, very pleasant situation today in that we have really all of our chains doing well. And in terms of the real estate, Todd, we're balancing, again, the best deal in the best place. So although today A.J. Wright we're feeling great about and we're feeling great about it for the future, we have to balance the real estate opportunity there versus the U.K. versus Marmaxx. So I think we're just taking one deal at a time and making the absolute best deal and obviously that's what we set aside that capital for.  So we don't have any plans to suddenly go an additional 50 stores, that's for sure, and I don't think that's the smart way to do it. We've done things like that in the past and we don't want to repeat them. So we will be careful and we'll be prudent, but again, we're trying very hard to make the best deal and sit tight. And the few times where we did that, where we made moves six months ago, we would have regretted them, and we're pretty happy with the results of them today. So there's no fast growth plan in place today to accelerate to a great degree.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets:  So what would be the trigger point? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, we have to balance the portfolio. We will probably next year increase our store count above the 85 mark, but to lay it out by division is probably not the right thing to do today. But we're out there very aggressively looking at deals.  In terms of the U.K., the opportunity is huge. Germany alone, just the number of people, we've put out there it's up to 350 stores. We are testing Poland; it's three stores. We're not going to put numbers out there, but it's a population of 42 million. And again, one step at a time, but we think Europe has tremendous potential.  And we're understanding more and we're understanding how to go into new countries, so it's very, very exciting. And we're leveraging the European structure that they have really put in place over a year ago, and what's tremendous in terms of the structure is that now that group has been in place for a little bit over a year now, so we're starting to really leverage the scale. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Carol, just a few questions as it relates to near-term comps. I appreciate the conservatism as you head into Q2; it sounds like May is off to a strong start. But have you ever quantified what the stimulus did for you last year and how we should think about lapping that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We really haven't, Adrianne. We're really looking at the three-year trends from Q1 and we've taken the same trend into Q2, with a little bit of margin upside. But no, we haven't. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, because it does seem like from May to June it would seem like part of that was the stimulus anniversary.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, June, we had a 5% comp last year, and we've had several years in a row of strong comps. So, again, we were just taking the trend and obviously we're into the second week of May and we understand May a little bit better.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  And then just two questions as it relates to inventory. As you mentioned - made it very clear availability is not an issue, but I'm just wondering we're all hearing all the department stores ratcheting down inventory and being much cleaner. Understanding that clearly the availability of goods is out there, is there any change in strategy in terms of how much you're buying in season versus upfront buying in light of the fact that it does seem to be much cleaner this year versus last year? Any change in terms of how you plan your inventory? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, not really. What we do plan and we are very strategic about is where our people are in terms of sourcing and looking at it by category, but we intend to be wide open. We feel very strong that there'll be plenty of availability in the back half. And clean inventories are not bad for us because, again, it gives us a tremendous advantage in terms of our value against the rest of the world, so it's not a bad thing for us.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  And the offshoot of that, in terms of cleaner inventory, are you seeing a much more rational pricing environment? 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We've seen - you know what, Adrianne? We have probably the most promotional environment in December and we weathered very well. So, again, it's that matter of the degree to where we are versus everyone else and we think we can more than sustain that. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  And then just a last question as it relates to HomeGoods. We're seeing clear improvement there and I think in part some of the consolidation opportunity, but give us a report card in terms of where you think we are in terms of the progress there. It seems as if there was some initiatives under way, where we are, where you see continued opportunity in that division. And maybe following on to that, the dual branding you're seeing, the success, TJX and Marshall's in terms of the advertising together, any thoughts perhaps over time adding HomeGoods to that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay. Well, HomeGoods, you know, I did speak on the last call that I did feel that a big part of the home business was the external environment, but also a part of it was our execution. And I think the guys there are doing just an absolutely phenomenonal job. I think we have changed our way to approach the customer in terms of the store, in terms of the marketing. We are running with much leaning inventories. We have much more focused markets in terms of Florida and California and the Northeast.  And most importantly, I think their values are tremendous and I think that they are really understanding the way to drive the business, so I think a big chunk of this is execution. So we're pretty excited about what's going on with HomeGoods and it's obviously showing in the numbers.  In terms of the dual branding, I'm not planning on adding HomeGoods to the mix. As always, we look at something new that we're doing and we want to measure it over time, we want to see if it works, if it doesn't work what it means to the consumer. I think we've differentiated Marshall's and Maxx extremely well and they're two very big brands. So we've got a huge campaign to work on right now and then we'll see what we want to do in terms of other strategies for the future.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc..
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I have seen your ads. I'm encouraged to see your steps into the network realm. I'm wondering how much it's going to cost and how much we should expect both in terms of cost and in terms of I guess penetration over the next three quarters? Will it continue at the same rate we've seen and what kind of impact that will have to SG&A.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Yes. Well, we have a year strategy with it and we are covering about 35% of the market that never received TV before. And we are doing a combination of dual branding and individual branding which is laid out through the rest of the year.  You know, we told you before that we would be leveraging the marketing costs, which we are, and we did a lot of testing last year and I think the bottom line is we're just getting a bigger bang for our buck. So we're not planning on accelerating our marketing budget; we're planning on pretty much staying on plan. And we're very happy with what we're seeing.  And we have laid out our back half numbers.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, we said on the year end call, Richard, that the advertising spending would be down year-on-year, but we're still spending at a rate greater than what it was three years ago. And as Carol said, we're obviously getting leverage given the way we're approaching this. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Now, you wanted to go back to Paul?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, I want to go back to Paul Lejuez's question. I have enough information here that we'll do some calculations offline.  So what Paul's referring to is we had a 5% increase in the sales at Marmaxx. Ordinarily you would have expected less than that on a 1% comp. Typically on a 1% comp with about 3% square footage growth you would have expected a 4% sales increase; we had 5%. And the difference is all in layaway.  We adjust layaway sales out of our numbers and clearly we had a lower level of layaway this year than we had last year, so we were adjusting more dollars out last year than we are this year, which is leading to about a point of incremental growth. So that's what's driving that delta.  So hopefully I've answered Paul's question and we dont have to take it offline.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin - William Blair.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair: Thinking back to the general framework that you provided on the year end call for hypothetically if you had a flat comp you could, I think, do earnings including FX of around $1.90 to $1.95 and I'm just wondering, obviously, given the first quarter upside relative to your plan, should we be thinking about the balance of the year similarly to how you would have thought about it a few months ago or would you be thinking about it at a higher level than you would have at that time? And I guess to that point also can you update us on your current CapEx and free cash flow thoughts for all of '09 given the little bit of ramp up in store growth? And I guess I just wanted a little more clarification on how you're defining merchandise margin. Is it strictly sales minus cost of sales and you're saying that that was up overall about 110 basis points or is that - I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that the right way.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I'll take them one at a time. On EPS, Daniel, we recorded - I'll kind of walk through the quarters - we recorded $0.49 in the first quarter against $0.42 last year, so we'd be up $0.07 through Q1, right? On Q2 we said if we did a flat comp in Q2 we'd generate $0.49. That's the high end of our guidance. So you think flat EPS on a flat comp would give you $0.49 in the second quarter. And then for the balance of the year, if we have flat comps, they generate flat EPS, it would be $0.57 in the third quarter and $0.46 ex the 53rd week in the fourth quarter.  So if we just look at the balance of the year - Q2, Q3, Q4 - if we run a flat comp we generate the numbers I just gave you and we'd be at $2.01.  We've provided updated guidance on Q2, so we're now saying at a flat comp we would generate a slight increase year-on-year - $0.49 versus $0.48 last year - but we're not at this point really prepared to say anything about the back half and probably won't until the second quarter call. So hopefully that's clear.  And on a full year basis, every comp point continues to be worth $0.08, so that's the sensitivity that people can plug into their models. In terms of CapEx, with the new stores - and I'm glad you asked - we would expect CapEx to be $450 to $475 million; before we'd said $450 million. So we think that'll be up slightly versus the prior guidance that we gave you.  And in terms of the cash forecast, with the higher CapEx we'd probably be closer to the lower end of the range. We said our range was to generate $500 to $600 million before any debt retirements and after the buyback and the dividend. So we would now expect to be nearer to the low end of that given the incremental CapEx. And then in terms of merchandise margin, it's really a pure merchandise margin. We report gross profit on our P&L which includes buying and occupancy costs; however, when we talk about merchandise margin on these calls and in our public filings that really represents markon less markdowns less freight expense and less shrink, so it's pretty much a pure merchandise margin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair:  And that you're saying was the majority of the earnings upside relative to your original guidance range as opposed to just simply the expense or fixed cost leverage?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. If you look versus - I'd call out two things. One is that the overall gross profit margin was 90 basis points better. We said 110 of that was merchandise margin; 20 went the other way on marked-to-market, so you can infer from that the buying and occupancy costs were flat as a percentage of sales.   In terms of how we performed against, you know, we had $0.11 of EPS upside against the top end. We had $0.49 of EPS against $0.38 at the high end. About $0.06 of that came from sales, $0.06 came from margins, and $0.01 came from [inaudible] and then we gave back $0.02 to $0.03 in the FOREX being a little higher than we planned it. So that's how you get to the variance from what we reported to where we set the high end of the range.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker.
Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: This is actually a very small question and it's a longer-term question, but if you're looking into going to Poland, I have to believe you're looking at what's going on online with things like Gilt Groupe and Rue La La and all those other smaller conversations online. And your CUBE is doing very well, which kind of leads me down that path, and I'm curious what your thought is about some of these businesses and if it's possibly down your thinking or Poland's your bigger fish to fry.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, right now we think store growth is obviously the place to be with the advantageous real estate deals. As always, we have a lot of initiatives. We have some tests; we are from ready to talk about them, but we're always looking at everything around us. But right now our big fish to fry is obviously stores. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stacy Pak - SP Research.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Jeff, on the Winners margin, can you address for us how that pressure may have lessened in Q1 and sort of what's embedded in Q2 guidance thinking about the segment margin? I'm kind of wondering how does Winners margin change here in Q2? And you can address the other margins while you're at it. On the cost reductions, can you share with us kind of what the baseline cost reduction was in Q1 and what's embedded for Q2 and how we think about those growing for Q3 and Q4? And then lastly on the May comps, your guidance of 3% to 4% implies another acceleration in three-year run rate and the guidance for the quarter suggests another slowdown and so I'm wondering is there something in June and July that we should be thinking about because the stimulus last year I think was already happening in May.
Jeffrey G. Naylor:  On Winners margin, I think if you go to the sheet we put out on the website you'll see that whereas we had a 4% - 7% profit margin TY versus 8.4% last year in Winners, when you adjust out the foreign currency stuff, Stacy, that's an 8% this year versus a 9.3% last year. So if you block out marked-to-market, Winners would be down 130 basis points.  Basically we've got merchandise margin decreases being partially offset by SG&A leverage. And we're not going to get too specific amounts, but you've got merchandise margin deleverage greater than that. It's a 130 basis point decline.  And I think the Winners team has done a terrific job of mitigating the pressure that they're seeing on the merchandising margins from having to source goods in more expensive U.S. dollars. 
Stacy Pak - SP Research:  Does that get smaller going forward, Jeff? I mean, isn't that less of an issue as the competitors adjust their retail?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: It's going to depend on two things. There's two ways that the pressure lessens. One is the Canadian dollar goes back up. You know, increases will obviously help merchandise margins because the U.S. dollar becomes less expensive, right, which drives down their cost. The Canadian dollar right now is up maybe a couple of pennies versus where we planned it but not significantly, so I wouldn't call that out as a significant factor.  The other factor is that Canadian retailers raise prices, and I think everybody's feeling the pressure but, I don't know. Ernie, we haven't seen that, right?
Ernie Herrman: No, we haven't seen that yet but there's a lag on that because they buy the goods six to nine months out. So, Stacy, we could see that more towards the summer and the third quarter. But, again, we're trying to be conservative on that front. I do commend the Winners team, however, on really capitalizing on the market opportunities in this environment to mitigate that over, you know, roughly a little over half the goods up there are bought in U.S. dollars, so I think they've done a nice job on buying better.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, profit in the second - do not cut the marked-to-market in the second quarter of that, that $20 million of profit, you know, and adjust for that in translation, say, there's like $42 million. We're way above where we'd planned the business and I think that speaks to what Ernie just mentioned about the Winners team. The second item you asked about - 
Stacy Pak - SP Research:  Well, first of all, the segment margins, you were going to weave that in and then cost reductions for Q1, Q2, and how to think about them.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes. So the cost reductions, I think the way to think about the cost reductions is we had meaningful amounts in Q1. Most of the initiatives will be in place some point in time in Q2, which means we're going to get the majority of the dollars, and we're going to have all the savings in place by the third quarter. 
Stacy Pak - SP Research:  You don't want to quantify for us how much in Q1 and Q2?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: No, I really don't. I really don't. But I think the point here is that we feel very confident about the 150. Everything we had contemplated doing we've done or are very close to having completed, and we're getting the kinds of savings that we thought we would get.  In terms of May and comp store sales, we looked at this as we set the guidance on a three-year basis, and I think if you take our guidance in the last two years you would see that the second quarter is up an average - it's an average growth of 2%. The first quarter was up 2%.  Now as you correctly point out, the three-year comp for May is up 3%, so clearly that's ahead of the 2%, but I don't think we want to be planning, you know, at the current May run rate as we think about June and July because we're up against some big comps, but more importantly I think there's a lot of uncertainty in this environment. So that's why we [inaudible]. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Still look at the total quarter. I mean, there can always be a shift from one month to the other depending on the weather patterns and everything else, so I think it's just a very good logical plan for Q2.  I want to thank everyone and I'm sorry we ran over, and I look forward to reporting Q2 to you shortly. Thank you.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - President and Chief Executive Officer Sherry Lang - Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations Jeffrey G. Naylor - Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer  Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President and President of The Marmaxx Group
Analysts: Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co. Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Stacy Pack  [unspecified firm] Paul Edgway  [unspecified firm] Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company David Glick - Buckingham Research Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companys fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for the TJX Companies.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning. Before we begin, Sherry is going to make a few comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including, without limitation, the Form 10-K filed March 26, 2008. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States Copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Please note that we have detailed the impact of foreign exchange in our consolidated results and our international divisions in todays press release and the Investor Information section of our website, www.tjx.com.  The comparable store sales numbers that we talk about today our on a constant currency basis, which is how we will be reporting these numbers going forward. We have also provided the last five years of comparable store sales on a constant currency basis on our website. Finally, to be consistent, all the comparable store sales results we are expressing today exclude the impact of the 53rd week, however, all of our other financial measures include the effect of the additional week. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in todays press release posted on our website, www.tjx.com in the Investor Information section.  Thank you and Ill turn it back to Carol. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Jeff Naylor who in addition to as well as Chief Administrative Officer has been billed as CFO position, and Ernie Herrman. I have been looking forward to this call. We are going to change up our approach a bit. Im going to have Jeff take you our full year and fourth quarter results first, and then I will share our outlook for 2009 and why we believe that TJX is positioned not only well, but better than most, to weather these tough times. I am also going to tell you why we believe TJX will emerge from this recession in a stronger, competitive position for the long term. So heres Jeff to recap the numbers for this past year and fourth quarter.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: What I am going to do is begin with the consolidated results on continuing operations basis for the full year. Net sales for the 53-week fiscal year increased to $19.0 billion. Thats 4% above last years $18.3 billion. Our consolidated comp store sales were up 1% for the full year, which was below our plan and was up against last years 2% increase. On a reported basis full year diluted EPS was $2.08 compared with $1.68 last year. We have included a chart in todays press release that details the effect of the computer intrusions and tax-related adjustments on EPS, so you will see that in the release. Excluding these items, adjusted full year diluted EPS was $2.01 compared with $1.93 last year. I should note that this years results also include a $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week in our fiscal 2009 calendar and a net $0.05 per share negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates and these are also laid out in the release. Overall, pre-tax profit margins for the year on a reported basis were 7.6%, thats up 70 basis points from last year. When we exclude the intrusion-related reserve items from both years the adjusted consolidated pre-tax profit margin for the year was 7.5% and thats down 40 basis points from last year, and let me take you through the cause of change. To begin, gross profit margin was 30 basis points below last year. Merchandise margins were up over last year but they were more than offset by buying and occupancy expense deleverage on the lower cost. And Carol will discuss in a moment how we are going to address this going forward. The 53rd week benefited gross profit margin by approximately 20 basis points and just FYI for modeling purposes, the majority of the 53rd week benefit is in the gross profit line.  SG&A expense was up 10 basis points versus last year, primarily due to the deleveraging impact of the 1% comp but partially offset by our ongoing cost reduction efforts. And then in terms of inventories, at the end of the fourth quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 5%. We exited the year with less winter clearance merchandise and entered the new year with far more liquidity and fewer dollars committed forward than at this time last year on a per-store basis. This includes the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order. So we are extremely well positioned with our inventories, which we believe will help us combat this challenging retail environment. So thats the year. Let me now recap fourth quarter results. In the fourth quarter net sales were $5.4 billion, which was flat with last year. Our consolidated comp store sales decreased 2% versus a 2% increase last year. On a reported basis diluted EPS was $0.58 versus $0.67 last year. Excluding computer intrusion-related adjustments in both years, the adjusted earnings per share was $0.55 versus $0.65 last year and above our latest expectations. So we were about $0.04 above the consensus in the high-end of our guidance. $0.02 were due to the stronger than expected operating margins, $0.01 was attributable to a favorable tax rate, and $0.01 was due to currency translation having less of a negative impact that we had originally anticipated. The 53rd week positively impacted EPS in the quarter by about $0.09 while the overall net negative impact of foreign exchange was $0.10 per share versus the $0.02 benefit that we received from foreign exchange last year. and if we exclude these factors EPS was down $0.11 from the prior year on a comparable basis. and again, we have laid that out in the press release as well. Consolidated pre-tax profit margin on a reported basis was 7.4%, again, excluding the impact of the inventory-related hedges and the intrusion-related reserve reductions from both years. The adjusted pre-tax profit margin was 7.6% versus 8.4% last year, down 80 basis points. And again, to walk you through that 80 basis points, the gross profit margin declined 180 basis points on a reported basis. it is important to note that 100 of this was due to the negative impact of the inventory-related hedge adjustments. So excluding these adjustments, the gross profit margin was down 80 basis points, primarily due to buying and occupancy cost deleverage, which more than offset the benefit of the 53rd week, which parenthetically we estimate to be 70 basis points. Merchandise margins were flat, excluding the impact of foreign exchange against last years very strong performance as we brought our inventories down throughout the quarter to protect margins. SG&A costs were 10 basis points favorable versus last year and SG&A dollar spending was favorable to plan. Net interest expense was up 10 basis points versus prior year, and I should note that the higher interest expense versus last year was basically offset by the benefit of a lower tax rate year-over-year. Now let me turn the call back to Carol for our outlook on 2009 and the long-term and at the end of the call I will recap our first quarter guidance.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: As I said earlier, I want to share with you the actions we have taken that I believe position this company well to weather this recession. I also want to outline how we have solidly positioned TJX for when times improve and to pursue our long-term strategy, which has not changed. Our plans for 2009 assume a deep recession for most of the year and we have taken a very conservative approach. The three main planks of our approach are planning comp sales very conservatively, running with historically lean inventories, and taking out at last $150.0 million from our cost structure. As to how we are handling guidance, with all of the volatility in the economic environment, we will be giving guidance for the first quarter. For the full year we will provide guidance around a number of elements of our P&L and balance sheet with some assumptions related to the model. Broadly speaking, what I can tell you is that we are setting our inventory and expense plans around the negative low single-digit comp in line with our fourth quarter trend. In terms of sensitivities, however, while we are not assuming a flat comp, you should know that our FY2010 model would deliver essentially flat EPS on a flat comp and thats with $0.14 of currency-related pressure. Without the impact of currency, the model would deliver essentially flat EPS at a negative $0.02 comp which underscores the expense of operating margin improvement embedded in the model. And Jeff will elaborate on all of this later on the call. Now let me share with you the details of our approach. First, as I just mentioned, we are planning comps very conservatively. We believe that this is not only to protect our bottom line but also gives us opportunity and positions the company to be even stronger long term. We have many actions underway to drive sales and to the extent that we exceed our conservative comp expectations, we will create a flow-through to the bottom line. Let me highlight just a few of our opportunities to drive sales in the is environment. With much leaner inventories we are buying even better and closer to need. This creates even more excitement in our stores and the intensity fresher than ever. Delivering great fashions and brands at extreme value is foremost. We see ourselves as a shopping destination for both moderate and high-end brands at low-end prices. Our traffic count is up, which clearly tells us that we are well positioned for today and the long term. We are aggressively shifting our purchase dollars to the right categories and initiatives in order to drive sales. As always, we continue to expand the initiatives at work and to test new ones, and we have many underway. Lastly, on sales drivers, we will be bolder in our marketing and more aggressive in communicating our value message to the customers. While we will be reducing our marketing spend in 2009 we will be increasing our TV presence by four to five weeks and hitting 35% of our markets that have never seen our brand on TV before. I am very excited about our marketing campaign for 2009. The second major strategy that we will pursue in 2009 is to run with very lean inventories to drive faster turn and even stronger merchandise margins. With intent we entered the year with more inventory liquidity and greater open to buy than I have ever seen or ever remember. For 2009 we are planning inventory levels down to low to mid-single digits throughout the year on a per-store basis on top of decreases we had at the end of this past year. With conservative inventory management and strong buying opportunity, we believe merchandise margins will be up across all divisions with the exception of Winners, due to the higher cost of the U.S. dollar purchases, which we will discuss later in more detail. On a consolidated basis, we believe merchandise margins will be up for the year. Third, to protect our bottom line, we have taken a comprehensive series of actions to reduce costs. With these actions we believe SG&A dollars will be essentially flat for the year on a constant currency basis and down on a reported basis. These actions span all areas of the company and most were announced to our organization earlier this week. As I mentioned, in total these actions are worth approximately $150.0 million of savings to the bottom line in 2009. Some of the major actions we are taking encompass the following: We are driving further savings in non-merchandise procurement, which we started this initiative a few years ago; we are implementing processes to more efficiently manage payroll in our stores and distribution centers; we are reducing our marketing spend, as I mentioned, but increasing penetration; we have frozen headcount since September 2008 from our eliminating open positions; further, we are eliminating merit pay increases across the majority of the organization; we are also restructuring certain areas to improve productivity and efficiency; and will be offering a voluntary retirement program. I should note that these reflect our actions at this time. We have identified potential opportunities in other areas, including freight, and more in non-merchandise procurement. We are maintaining our flexibility and keeping our options open to take additional actions should the environment worsen. In todays economic environment our organization is more focused than ever on executing even better and even smarter, understanding that this is what will drive our success in the short and the long term. I am confident that strong execution today will help us be an even bigger player in what will be a smaller retail landscape. Our long-term vision of a company as a global off-price value retailer has not changed. While the execution of our vision has shifted to accommodate the current retail environment, I am confident that with the right strategies in place we will come out of the recession with an even greater competitive edge. Today we are gaining market share in a challenging environment with the strength of our value proposition. Value is where you want to be in this economy. In 2008 our comp sales were at the high end of the retail industry and our customer traffic remains healthy. We believe that our momentum will continue. Our history tells us that when we capture new customers they stay with us when times improve. This is key because even a slight increase in consumers discretionary spending and capturing a piece of that in our average baskets would be very meaningful for our business. The consolidation we are seeing in the retail sector also offers major opportunities for us to gain market share. according to recent data bankruptcies and store closures to date across apparel and home fashion retailers will result in approximately 1,200 closed stores and a $10.0 billion market share opportunity. This is just what has been announced and sadly, there will likely be more to come. As everyone knows, consumer demand has decreased significantly but the fact that the retail landscape is also shrinking creates an opportunity for TJX. I talked about future real estate opportunities in the third quarter conference call and we are now beginning to see some of these opportunities come to fruition. The deals we are seeing are truly advantageous. Further, when I talked about real estate deals, not only about opening new stores but also opportunities to renegotiate more favorable leases and relocate stores to better locations. We have committed to fewer locations for 2009, allowing us to be very opportunistic. Our younger and new concepts are performing well despite the current economic climate. In the U.S. A. J. Wright made significant improvement and held up very well in 2008 and is off to a very good start in 2009. Four-walls profitability was up significantly last year, which gives us the confidence to add 13 A. J. Wright stores in 2009, including one new market. We will continue to grow this business conservatively and expand the chain to the size that delivers solid returns for our shareholders. Our Marshalls Shoe Mega Shop, which builds on our success in shoes and accessories, had two solid openings this fall, one in Yonkers, New York, and the other in California. We will be adding one or two of these stores in 2009. We also tested StyleSense, a similar shoe and accessory concept in Canada in 2008 and it, too, was very successful. We plan to open just one StyleSense in 2009.  Further, we believe that being an international company gives us advantages in the short and the long term. Our younger European concepts are all working well and performing beyond our expectations and we believe we have major opportunities in Europe. With very strong performance to date, we believe our German business will be profitable towards the end of calendar 2010 and are very encouraged by the HomeSense business in the U.K. Now let me spend a moment on our financial strength which has become even more critical in todays economy and gives us great confidence in the short- and the long-term success of our company. In this very uncertain economic environment, our approach is to manage our strong balance sheet and cash position to preserve our flexibility. We have an A credit rating, one of the strongest in retail and ample liquidity, including the significant excess cash that we expect to generate from our operations in 2009. With this flexibility we will be well positioned to respond to the challenges of this environment and to take advantage of opportunities it may present. Cash is a big part of the TJX story. This past year the excess cash we generated on a per share basis at current stock prices was the equivalent of a 7% cash-on-cash yield. In 2009 we estimate this yield at 10% as we manage our cash even more tightly. Jeff will cover the details of our plans in a moment. So in closing, I believe we have the right business model to endure this environment and win in the long term and we dont have to make drastic changes to our model to do so. We can manage through these difficult times by making adjustments. In 2009 we will be defensive and cautious and flexible. We will plan for conservative comps, keep inventories extremely tight, and take a sizeable piece out of our cost structure. We will also manage our substantial cash flow and financial liquidity to optimize our flexibility. In the short term we believe we will be gaining market share, building our vendor base, and maintaining a leadership position in the consumer marketplace and retail landscape. Offering both moderate and high-end brands at low-end prices is a compelling value proposition. It is important to remember that even a small uptick in consumer confidence can have a meaningful benefit on our business.  When the dust from this recession settles, we believe well be stronger competitively. We have grown our customer and vendor base, the retail landscape is consolidating so consumers will have fewer places to shop. Real estate, which has already become less expensive, will offer us opportunities in the future.  Our new and smaller concept, including A. J. Wright, Marshalls Shoe Mega Shop, StyleSense in Canada, HomeSense in the U.K. and T.K. Maxx in Germany are all doing well and should provide platforms for future growth. I hope I have helped to explain how we are taking on the difficult environment head-on and why we are confident TJX will be well positioned now and certainly for the future. Now I will turn the call back to Jeff and he will go through our 2009 plans and details and then we will open it up for questions.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Before moving to guidance I want to take a moment on the impact of foreign exchange, as weve received quite a number of questions from investors regarding this over the past month. So let me start with that. I guess first of all we have included some charts on our website that lay out the impact of currency on TJX, on Winners, and on T. K. Maxx results and we hope you find these helpful and we are going to continue to provide them in the future. Clearly, foreign currency translation has impacted our EPS this past year, particularly in the fourth quarter where it had a negative $0.05 impact due to the precipitous declines in both the Canadian dollar and the British pound. In contrast, over the four preceding years, foreign currency translation benefitted EPS by an average of about $0.02 per year and the impact on any one quarter was greater than $0.02. So what we are seeing is extraordinary and its impacting us as well as other multi-national retailers. In addition to translation, I want to call one other thing out. I need to point out that the sudden and unprecedented decline in the Canadian dollar will economically impact Winners gross margins, particularly in this coming year, so let me explain. Over 50% of our Canadian businesses merchandises purchases are denominated in U.S. dollars. When currency rates move gradually, retail prices adjust gradually and the impact on gross margins is not terribly significant. However, when rates move suddenly, as they have done, we are unable to immediately adjust our retail prices and we have to do so gradually and in line with the competition.  This compresses Winners gross margins in the short term because in essence the cost of merchandise has increased because the U.S. dollar has appreciated. We began to see some of that impact approximately 100 basis points in the fourth quarter segment margins of Winners. So when you look at Winners margins for the fourth quarter theres about 100 basis point of impact from this item. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, our consolidated fourth quarter merchandise margin would have been flat were it not for this impact. So thats currency. Let me delve into more detail about our outlook for the full year. as Carol noted earlier, we will provide full year guidance around a number of elements of our P&L and balance sheet, along with some assumptions about the overall profit model, but Im not providing sales in EPS ranges. Let me run through some key elements of our plan for fiscal 2010. First, we have built our inventory plans around a low single-digit comp decrease, which is in line with our Q4 trend and we have done this to protect the gross margin. With this approach and the terrific buying opportunities we have, we believe merchandise margins will be up for the year. Second, we have taken actions to reduce costs by $150.0 million. These will protect our bottom line. They will also offset expense increases in other areas such as pension and health insurance that youve been hearing other companies talk about. This implies flat SG&A in dollar terms versus fiscal 2009 on a constant currency basis. Third, while were not planning flat comps, our model for fiscal 2010 would result in flat earnings per share versus the prior year on a 52-week basis, if the comps were flat. Its important to note that this model includes $0.14 per share of negative currency impacts for the year, $0.05 from foreign currency translation and $0.09 from the lower gross margin at Winners, which I just discussed. Excluding currency impacts, our model would result in essentially flat EPS on a minus 2% comp, so we hope those data points give you some ability or some insights as youre building your models. Fourth and very importantly, we expect the first half of the year to be much more difficult than the second half as were up against tougher comps to our sales comparisons and will continue to have negative foreign currency translation until we anniversary last years declines, which wont be until late in the third quarter. Additionally, many of the cost-reduction actions will not begin to take effect until the second quarter. Finally, in this environment we are managing our liquidity conservatively to preserve flexibility. We have reduced our capex budget to $450.0 million in 2009 from $583.0 million in the prior year. this plan reflects the reduction in the pace of store openings as we keep our powder dry for what we think will be terrific real estate opportunities. We are going to take a more conservative approach to our stock buy-back program. Currently we anticipate spending up to $250.0 million, however we could potentially adjust this up or down and adjust the timing, depending on the economic environment. At current prices this level of buy-back represents a slightly less than 3% reduction in our share count, and thats just slightly below what weve done historically. As mentioned earlier, were also reducing our inventories, which will also provide some incremental cash. So if I wrap all this together, on the liquidity front, including all these actions, we would expect to generate positive cash flow in the $500.0 million to $600.0 million range this year, on top of the $450.0 million balance we had at the beginning of the year, which gives us significant flexibility. However, to be clear, we will, as we have always been, be conservative of how we manage TJXs balance sheet and finances. Now let me turn to first quarter guidance. As I just noted, this is not indicative of the full year, given the more challenging first half. For the first quarter we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.32 to $0.38 versus $0.44 per share last year, on a reported basis. this outlook includes a $0.02 per share negative impact from foreign currency translation and inventory-related hedges. Last years results included a $0.02 per share benefit of non-recurring tax benefits as well as a $0.01 negative impact from inventory-related hedges. Excluding these impacts, on a comparable basis, EPS would be in the range of $0.34 to $0.40 versus an adjusted $0.43 last year.  That said, we understand and would endorse that most analysts submit consensus estimates on a reported basis, unadjusted for these items. Some of the details on Q1. We are assuming a first quarter top line of $4.2 billion, in that range, with a 2% to 4% comp sales decrease, both on a consolidated basis and at Marmaxx. For the month of February, we are planning for a consolidated comp store sales decrease of 1% to 2%. We are anticipating a 2% to 4% decrease in March and a 4% to 6% decrease in April. Aprils comps reflect one less selling day in the month due to the shift of Easter from March last year to April this year. For Marmaxx we are planning a 1% to 2% comp decrease in February, a 1% to 3% comp decrease in March and a 4% to 6% comp decrease in April. For the quarter, pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 5.4% to 6.2% range, down 70 to 150 basis points from the prior year. this decline is entirely due to expense deleverage on the negative costs as merchandise margins are expected to be up for the quarter. We are anticipating first quarter gross profit margin in the range of 23.5% to 24.0% and SG&A as a percent of sales to be about 17.7% to 18.0%. Again, the majority of the benefit of the cost reductions will not begin until the second quarter and we are anticipating cost deleverage on the 2% to 4% comp decrease. For modeling purposes, we are anticipating a tax rate of 38.2% and net interest expense in the $4.0 million to $5.0 million range. So thats it for the quarter. I will wrap up my comments with our store growth plans for fiscal 2010. Beginning with our domestic concepts. At Marmaxx we plan to increase its store base by a net of about 17 stores for a total of 1,697 stores by the end of fiscal 2010. Very importantly, as Carol mentioned earlier, we are keeping our real estate powder dry and believe we will have the opportunity to do more Marmaxx stores that we have currently planned. At HomeGoods, we plan to add a net of four stores for a total of 322 HomeGoods stores by the end of the year. at A. J. Wright, as Carol mentioned, in fiscal 2010 we anticipate netting 13 additional stores for a total of 148 by year end. In Canada we plan to add a net 13 stores to end the year with a total of 290 stores in that country. And then finally, moving to Europe, in the U.K. we plan to add five T.K. Maxx stores as well as three HomeSense stores for a combined total of 241 stores by the end of the year. We also expect to open an additional ten stores in Germany for a total of 19 in that country by the end of the year. So thats it. Were going to open it for questions now. To keep the call on schedule we ask that you please limit your questions to one per person.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Black - Barclays Capital.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: On the expense initiative can you help us out with how to think about occupancy deleverage in the back half of the year. are you still going to delever on occupancy so we see maybe the 2 comp? And could you give us a quick update on Home, what we see there? Is there any progress? It looks like the last quarter was very tough in the home business.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Im going to take it first. Ill talk to you a little bit about Homes. We definitely had a tough Homes business in the fourth quarter and I think we have made a lot of changes in the strategy going forward and we are already seeing some very positive signs. I will talk to you generally about HomeGoods. We have really changed up our strategy there. Obviously across all divisions everybody is looking at cost reduction. But more importantly, we think weve brought tremendous value into our home business, especially in HomeGoods and HomeSense. Much better value than we had in the past. Much leaner, we have a completely different strategy in terms of freshness, a new marketing campaign and I can you that we are really seeing a change and Im very excited about going into February in terms of the home businesses.  We are also seeing where, you know the way it is in HomeGoods, and Linens and Things has closed, we are seeing some very substantial comp increases in those stores. So again, we think the landscape is going to change and I think Im feeling a lot better about our home business going into this year.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: As to your question on the buying and occupancy deleverage, clearly we would anticipate buying and occupancy deleverage in the first quarter on a minus 2 to a minus 4 comp. and thats partially offset by increased merchandise margins. But we are seeing buying and occupancy deleverage. Its really hard, there are a number cost elements in buying and occupancy expense which are fixed on a short-term basis, so its awfully difficult to get leverage when you have a negative comp. In terms of the back half, it all depends on the comp. I would estimate we would need about somewhere a 2% to 3% comp to leverage buying and occupancy. We will leverage SG&A at a much, much lower comp, given some of the expense cuts that we have made.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley: In terms of the expenses, I just wanted to get a little more color there in terms of timing. I know that you said that they start primarily in the second quarter. Jeff, how can we think about weighting them as we proceed through the year?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We dont mean to say youre not getting any benefit in the first quarter. There are a number of things that weve done that are going to benefit the first quarter but we wont see everything kick in until the second. I think the lions share of what were doing will be done by early in the second quarter.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: To go through some of those, we have DC efficiencies, which we will see a little bit of, the in-store labor piece of it, were beginning to see a small positive there but that will really start in second quarter and follow up through. Hiring freeze, April is usually the time where we do our increases. We talked about some voluntary early retirement and in terms of positions, we really basically froze our positions since last September, so that will continue throughout the year. There is some strategic restructuring going on that will probably be in the next two to three months. We have a little bit going on in our benefit plans and that really has to do with communication and just doing a better job at some of the things that we already have. Tightening travel expenses, well start to see that. And then non-merchandise procurements, which is a big chunk and which was a big chunk last year, again well probably start to see a little of that but most of that second, third, and fourth quarter. So if that gives you a little more of a breakdown.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: It certainly seems like A. J. Wright has reached a new level of stability. Can you talk a little about that division and any additional color on their ability to gain share in this environment or what youre seeing product-wise there? And also you mentioned shifting dollars to the right categories. What will we see more of or less of in this environment and how does the advertising work with that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz:   In terms of A. J. Wright, first of all, were off to a very good start. Were building on a stronger year. we definitely have a better understanding of this customer and how to market to this customer. Our four-wall contribution has certainly improved dramatically. We think we have upside in margin and running, again, with much, much leaner inventory. And focusing on what this customers wants which is basics, kids, junior, dresses, and young mens, which are really the key categories that we focus on. And shoes. In the A. J. Wright businesses. So we are opening a new market this year in Atlanta, which we are pretty excited about. The goods are so plentiful in this market that this is, again, when I say it is impossible to keep these guys home and absolutely there is buying mania out there and we have to control them. So the goods are very, very plentiful in this marketplace. But were just feeling really good about A. J. Wright and the future of it.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Real solid year last year, too, if you look at A. J. Wright and obviously a 4 comp. making money, above break-even, and I think we have strong team there and really beginning to click.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: As far as shifting categories, without giving away all our trade secrets, there are places that are just working very well. The younger customers, which Im probably the most excited about, because again, that bodes so well for our future. We have new things going on in accessories and shoes that are just making those areas even stronger going forward and we see some tremendous opportunities.  And there is a lot of fashion starting to happen so its getting pretty exciting out there. And more importantly, what I like, is that we entered the spring season just so clean. Our stores are reading color and excitement and the breadth of assortment, we are very well assorted versus being deep. So its getting pretty exciting. Im in there every single day checking it out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: Question regarding the sensitivity around some of the comp leverage point you talked about, or if comps were to be at that flat range, which youre not projecting, but as far as the movement around that and what the sensitivity would be to operating margins, etc., if you could provide any color on that. And then if there is anything you can say regarding the content of the advertising, how, other than increased emphasis on value and offering, any other details you might be able to share.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ill take the marketing and then Jeff will give you some of the sensitivities around the model. We are going to be coming out with a very unusual different marketing campaign, so Im not at liberty to tell you but its very unique. Its about educating the customer and it reads very well to our model and the value of our model. So Im going to keep it a surprise. Im sorry I cant give it away yet. But we will be on network TV for the first time. We will be able to hit 35% of the stores that we havent been able to hit in the past. And in addition to that, the stores will also bethey will have increased direct mail So this is quite breakthrough for us and so we look forward to sharing it shortly.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: In terms of the sensitivities Ill give you two benchmarks. One is every point of comp is worth about $0.08 to the bottom line. And you can actually see that in the way we provided the model today, where we said flat EPS at a flat comp with $0.14 of currency pressure and if you pull the currency pressure out, $0.14, you are flat on a minus 2 comp. so you can see that in there. The other point, or the other benchmark, is every point of comp is worth about 20 basis points in bottom line pre-tax margin.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: Would that be more on the gross margin and the leverage or deleverage of fixed occupancy or would you also tend to see some flex up and down in the SG&A dollars?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: No, as the comp moves up and down you will see flex in both SG&A and buying and occupancy costs. Our merchandise margin doesnt react and swing as strongly to comp changes either way because of the flexibility in the model and how short our purchase cycles are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: Carol, on your purchasing strategy, historically the company has always said we buy closer to need and it just seems that that has been a continued focus and Im wondering this year is it any different or is it just more of the same in incremental? So what Im suggesting is, what percent of your merchandise for spring have you committed in the upfront market this year versus historically?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: You know you couldnt pry that number out of me if you tried, but I will tell you that our purchasing closer to need is greater and planned greater this year than it was last year, with leaner inventories. So along with that we have been working on our distribution network the last several years to be able to get very, very close to delivery. So were literally in Marmaxx hitting the DCs and in some cases within 24 hours the goods are hitting the floor. So our plan is the goods are coming in and going straight on the line and going out to the stores. It makes a big difference in the time frame. So thats what we have really been, what I see as a bigger positive in 2009. We started to see this 2008 but weve gotten better and better on our network. So thats what is also changing the model a bit.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: And could you tell us roughly how many of your HomeGoods stores overlapped with Linens and Things?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I dont know the number. I can get back to you on that.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Well make sure Sherry has that information.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Digging into that marketing spend, seems like an interesting intensification of the TV penetration. Can you share with us what youve seen already with the TV marketing in existing markets and what sort of comp lift youve benefitted from that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, our traffic has been up the whole year and I think youve probably noticed that we have taken a more of an educational positioning in terms of off price to our consumer. Markets where we certainly have had TV have been more positive and we have been testing many things for the last couple of years in terms of what really is increasing our traffic and I think this past year, two years ago we started testing and this last year we started expanding the strategy and this year is probably the big year that were really going network and making much larger penetration. So thats our strategy. What I cant share with you is how were going to do it. Well see that shortly.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: On the merchandise margin, obviously given the aggressive discounting we have seen across the landscape this holiday season, it was really impressive to see that flat merchandise margin. Just wondering going forward, I understand the place your core competencies in terms of lean inventory and buying closer to need but when you think about continuing to see flat merchandise margins, how sharp do you think IMUs have to be as we are in a clearly very intensified promotional environment?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, I think we gave great value in the fourth quarter, certainly in the holiday period, which is probably the most promotional environment any of us can remember. I am going to be honest with you, I would be disappointed if our merchandise arent stronger than what were planning them. I think our opportunity is very strong in this market and Ernie has certainly been out there and as Marmaxx and Winners.
Ernie Herrman: I would just validate what Carol said. And weve talked about this before. The availability is rather plentiful out there I would say and its at all levels in the market so moderate, high-end, etc. and so amidst all of that were having to, as usual, kind of pace ourselves. And because were liquid, however, were able to take advantage of these opportunities and I think buy better than pretty much we ever have before. So I dont see that dynamic changing at least in the near future.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Also, we keep track of if the department stores have a promotion and then a point of sale on top of that and a point of sale on top of that, and were still giving great value. And thats the key.
Ernie Herrman: Were always monitoring. We comp shop all the time and we make sure our model says that we have to be out the door in a gap between our retail and what the out-the-door retails are at the other retailers. So were ensuring all the time that were in that place.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Im curious about your negotiations. Have you been able to negotiate any different terms away from just the prices? I know vendors can negotiate certain terms and concessions to the buyers of their inventory and Im curious if youve been able to play with that end of the market as well. And walking a couple of shows recently, there are brands that Im seeing that are valid brands that could clearly not exist in six months or a year from now. Smaller, private brands but theyre valid. Is there any interest on your part in buying a brand name on the cheap to do something with it?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, were always looking. Part of our strategy and a small piece of it and we do some product development, so we have bought many brands in the past and we will continue to do so and thats just part of the over 2,000 vendors that we work with. In terms of terms, we work a million different ways. If a vendor needs cash, we can give them cash. Were working with these people, not against them. And it depends on the situation and were flexible and we work with whatever opportunity or whatever situation presents itself.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We do that, terms are part of the negotiation but the point I want to make is when you look at the term at Marmaxx, it really hasnt changed significantly though, in this environment. I think one of the things that I would want to call out is when you look at our balance sheet, the relationship of payables to inventory has come down, meaning we have less leverage in our payables. Thats more a function of how we manage through the fourth quarter. We brought inventories down and when you bring inventories down typically youre paying off your old payables but youre not building new payables as quickly so you lose leverage until you get your inventories down and then you rebuild that leverage. So I dont want anybody on the call thinking that we maybe deleveraging our payables. We are not and we would expect this temporary deleverage youre seeing, the deleveraging youre seeing at the end of the year, to reverse in the first quarter. Which by the way, is worth about $150.0 million to us.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: So in a general consistent basis a net 30 is still the term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Normally you guys give a division by division, sort of highlight or recap. I was wondering if you could share with us some high-level comments on each of your divisions, either sales, gross margin, SG&A. anything that you felt was a needle-mover in the quarter.  And then secondarily, on Winners, can you just remind us what the exact impact on the operating margin at Winners was from the reversal of that foreign currency hedge?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Asking about the reversal of the foreign currency hedge, for the full year it didnt have a significant impact at all. For the quarter, for the company, it was the difference between a 10 point, so for the quarter we reported a 4.7% margin for Winners. Last year it was 14.9% so it was down 10.2%. 7.6% of that was due to the reversal in the hedge. Remember, we booked a gain at the end of the third quarter and then reversed that gain which resulted in a hit in the fourth quarter. So when you apples-to-apples, Winners segment margins were down 260 basis points for the quarter. The majority of that is merchandise margin and a big piece of that was that issue I mentioned earlier about the cost of goods going up because of the amount of goods they purchased in U.S. dollars is a high percentage of their mix. And the U.S. dollar obviously appreciated against the Canadian dollar. So down 260 basis points ex the mark-to-market was about a 7.5% to 7.6% impact from that mark-to-market.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of the divisions Im going to give you an overview and also pass it to Ernie to talk about Marmaxx and Winners a bit. But generally, if you look at Marmaxx for the year, I think their profit margin was down about 40 basis points and if you look at it on the flat comp, I think its very much flat to LY. We think that this year there is obviously the cost opportunities, theres definitely opportunity on the margin side, and I dont want to be overly positive because I know were in a very difficult environment but I believe between the initiative and the focus, there is still opportunity there. In terms of HomeGoods, I think part of this was our fault, in our execution and I can see us changing very rapidly in HomeGoods right now and Im very excited about how theyre off to such a positive start in the month of February. So again, I think sometimes we do it to ourselves and sometimes its the environment. And I think in this case its a combination of both. I think it was a tough housing market, but I think HomeGoods is going to be the place to shop and I do believe that there will be less home retailers out there in the future so this is going to be hopefully a very short bump in the road for them leading to a very positive future. A. J. Wright, I talked a little about our focus and weve got a great team in place right now. We have a head of stores that is absolutely sensational, that was over in the U.K. that I think is going to do a terrific job. I think our stores are going to be run a lot better. I think we understand that customer. Theyre in the profit zone and I think theyre really understanding how to flow the goods and the value and Im pretty excited about this concept going forward. As far as the U.K. goes, that is, again, to me, one of the most exciting places right now. Because not only do we have incredible real estate deals going on and opportunities, but Germany has come on very strong. You know, they had a 4 comp on top of the 6 comp at CKs, their segment margin was up 40 basis points, including Germany and HomeSense. And we are seeing unprecedented deals over in the U.K. and I think theyre just getting stronger and stronger. So I just think there is a lot more to come there. Winners, we are going to battle the margin. Their segment profit was 11% against last years 11.5%. And we will get through that. And I think Ernie is seeing some positive things that can help mitigate that.
Ernie Herrman: At Marmaxx, I would say two of the big focuses right now are one on brands, because with whats going on out there, we have an opportunity I think to do more business with some brands that weve done less with that are desirable. And two, to really take advantage of the market yes, but to buy on a weekly basis and flow on a weekly basis, throughout the whole store. I think were really trying to focus the organization on those two things, which should yield more excitement down the road here for the season. And going back to something Carol mentioned in the earlier comments, the most exciting opportunity, I think to me, is new customers. So I think if we have customers walking in the door now that perhaps did not shop us before, when they see some of these brands at the values we potentially will have, I think that will be a key strategy for us, even longer term. To gain market share there. Secondly, at Winners, yes, we have a currency issue. One positive thing were sharing in the midst of that is first of all every retailer will get hit with the currency issue. Some of them buy out further but what we are hearing is that they will be adjusting their retails going into like second, third quarter, which should allow us, surgically in places to adjust our retails accordingly. so Im thinking that should be a positive strategy for us going forward. Clearly with the economy up there softening, we will have to be careful with that, however, again, its creating additional buying opportunities up in Canada as well, that we will take advantage of and buy goods better. And there again, hopefully win market share in Canada beyond what we have already. So I think high-level, were feeling pretty good about both those situations.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: You asked about mark-to-market, were you actually asking about thebecause we have this impact of foreign exchange beginning to impact our margins next year. were you asking about that or mark-to-market?
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I was asking about the 760 basis point hit in fourth quarter to the Winners.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: On the real estate side, did you give us the capex you have assumed in your free cash flow generation and then maybe talk about how many of your stores are up for renewals over the next two years, and then maybe the number of stores that you might have co-tenancy agreements on and if we see some impact from the Linens and Circuits going away in those centers.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I dont have that co-tenancy information but in terms of the number of leases, the majority of stores, when we open a new store, theyre almost always on a ten-year term. And with as many five-year options as we can get. So if you look at Marmaxx, at just the sheer number of stores in Marmaxx, most of those stores are going to be coming every five years for a renewal. Other than the stores weve opened in the last five years. So you would probably have 70% to 80% of the Marmaxx base coming up every five years right now. So that will give you a flavor for that. And thats obviously where we have the majority of our stores. In terms of capital, in that $500.0 million to $600.0 million cash generation, thats the amount we believe our cash balance will increase. So that is after $450.0 million in capital spending, which as I mentioned, was down from the $583.0 million we spent last year. Now, in the $450.0 million capex, we have a fund in there to allow us to invest opportunistically. So there is a pretty sizeable piece of that that is being held back and controlled by the corporate office and that we have earmarked for opportunities as they come up during the year. and we believe we will see some real estate opportunities. So we didnt want to deploy our entire capital budget to the divisions, we wanted to hold some topside based on what we see coming up. The last point I would make on the $500.0 million to $600.0 million, thats after an assumed $250.0 million buyback and after about $200.0 million in dividend. While it does require Board approval, it would be our intent this year to increase the dividend. So if you look at that $500.0 million to $600.0 million with the $250.0 million buyback and with $200.0 million from the dividend, it would tell you that, pre any distribution to shareholders, we would generate $950.0 million to $1.05 billion in cash. We think thats a good thing, we think that gives us a lot of flexibility. The one other point I would make regarding the balance sheet is we have $400.0 million of debt coming due at the end of the year. we believe we will be able to refinance it but in this environment we have to be conservative and so we are going to be prepared that in the event the markets are not our friends that we can retire that debt should the markets force us to do so. Which, by the way, is not what we want to do, but one has to be ready.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: One other comment on the real estate. I think one of the biggest opportunities for us is places such as New York City and the New York area, highly dense areas, or High Street in the U.K., are places that it was more difficult for us to enter. We believe this may be our time in those areas which will really bode well for the future and thats what were pretty excited about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Just a question on the A. J. Wright decision in the Atlanta market. What are the operating margins that youre willing now to live with before you pull the trigger on adding more stores or a wider roll out? And how close are you to achieving that level or rate?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Were not going to suddenly add on 100 stores. Thats really not the way we do it. Right now were approaching our four-wall. I think were over 12 now.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: The target is mid-teens, so at a mid-teen store contribution margin, fully leveraging our distributions centers and our G&A, would give us about a 7% bottom line and an ROIC in that sort of 15% to 20% range. So thats what were targeting. Obviously you cant drive the pre-tax margin up until you open. You do need to open stores. Were going to go slowly and cautiously. But there are two things we find encouraging. One is that the four-wall contribution. We are probably within 100 basis points of where we need to be. Two years ago we were 300 basis points to 350 basis points away. So A. J. Wright has been really making significant progress in their store contribution margin over the last several years. The other thing is our new stores that weve opened have performed well so that gives us, you know, having a four-wall contribution close to what we need for the model and also having pretty strong new store performance, and we think that new store performance only improves in this environment, given the quality of deals that were going to see. But as Carol mentioned, we dont throw hail Marys at TJX so we will go slowly and cautiously.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: 13 stores into this year and next year well take a look at that number but you wont be suddenly seeing us jump to 25 or 50 stores.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: And you mentioned a pickup in February. Are you seeing it across the board or just in a couple of the divisions.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: We said down 1 to down 2. [extraneous humor] No, in our guidance weve guided to a minus 1 to minus 2 in February. Thats clearly an improvement in the trend and by business well report to you shortly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Im excited about the marketing initiatives and some of the bolder plans, especially network TV but trying to reconcile this with what sounds like a decline in actually dollars spent Im wondering what youre giving up to get the additional visibility and how we should think about the entire marketing package, what loss this year versus gains.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, we were flat this year to last year and next year we will be slightly down. The key here is really our strategy and what youll see and I really dont want to give that away but once you see it you will understand it creates tremendous leverage and thats what allowed us to go network and to really hit the areas that we were never able to hit before. So youre asking me to give away our price secret right now, and it will come out shortly.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: I appreciate that and let us know where to look and when. But I was also wondering what is not happening this year that happened last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Honestly, not very much. We had probably a little bit of ROP, not a lot. This is really a completely different strategy that is leveraging just much greater penetration with much less cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Pack  [unspecified firm]
Stacy Pack  [unspecified firm]: On the comp for Marmaxx, can you break down traffic versus ticket? Can you say what the comp differential has been in the markets where youve had TV? What is the comp required to leverage SG&A in the back half and then finally, just on the Mega Shoe, how close is the California store to an existing store and what cannibalization are you seeing?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, our traffic is slightly up and our ticket is slightly down. In terms of the Mega Shoe, it happens to be right next to a Marshalls so we have not completely measured the cannibalization but obviously between the two were pretty happy with the sales, with the overall sales and well continue to measure that. We purposely put one of the boxes right next to a Marshalls and in our other location we dont have it next to a Marshalls. And thats why we will always go slowly and measure the cannibalization. I will not give you the information in terms of TV, how it hits our market and the percent of increase we see because thats really something that we dont share.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: As to the leveraging question, did you mean for the company or for Marmaxx?
Stacy Pack  [unspecified firm]: For the back half, you said you gave us some information on occupancy you didnt give us G&A.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think right now look for the first quarter were calling SG&A deleverage on a minus 2 to minus 4 comp. Of about 60 basis points to 90 basis points. So clearly we would see an improvement in that trend with the execution of some of the cost reduction initiatives. I dont have specifically back half information because were not giving guidance on the back half. If I would tell you I would expect that we will be significantly lowering that leverage point. We mentioned for the year that on a constant currency basis, so excluding the favorable impact of currency, that we would expect SG&A to be flat. On a dollar basis, year-over-year. And thats down slightly, including the impact of currency.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Edgeway  [unspecified firm].
Paul Edgeway  [unspecified firm]: Can you break down that capex, new store versus IT, DC, maybe share with us how much you are keeping at corporate for opportunities. And then just hearing you talk about these opportunities, in this environment have you reconsidered the right number of stores for any of your concepts? And I guess in particular Im wondering on what the right number of Marmaxx locations is?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We have always given Marmaxx a range. Our comfortability is still 1,800 and we range about 1,800 to higher than that, to 2,200. Again, with less stores out there in the future, we dont know what that number is. So I would think that there would be only upside to that versus downside. And then the same thing in Europe. We are seeing Germany work, we felt that Germany was at least 350 stores and we are feeling very, very confident about that. So we really dont see much downside. And as A. J. Wright is working, we have ranged that between 500 and 1,000 stores and were just going to keep moving in that direction because each day were feeling more confident about that business. So if anything we dont see downside to the number of stores.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think in terms of how much weve earmarked and held at corporate. I would rather be mum on that other than tell you its a significant amount of capex. But I dont think its something were going to go public on. In terms of the mix, if we look historically, we spend about 50% of our capital budget on store renovations and improvements, thats where we have all of our initiatives, our remodels, etc. New stores represent about 25% and our office and distribution centers represent about 25%. I think those percentages are going to hold up relatively well this year. Weve reduced the number of new stores but weve also been tighter on store renovations and improvement and the office and the distribution centers. So I think the mix will be a little bit different than that, I think we are going to end up with a little more in store renovation, a little less in new store, but its generally along those lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: On the average ticket being down slightly, is that a function of fewer items per transaction or is it lower price point items?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Were slight down in average price point. And intentionally so because were really, really pushing the value equation. And its working well.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: You told you store growth plans and your expense plans for 2009, how about just some of the merchandise initiatives that have been underway for some time now? Are you planning on adding any more runway stores and how about the Cube and the expanded footwear department at Marshalls? What are you doing with those initiatives?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Were pretty happy with the results but Ill have Ernie walk through that with you.
Ernie Herrman: Just to give you an idea, we are looking at another handful of runway stores, potentially being added. We have gone to a large degree of the Marshalls Shoe Megas, approaching like 90% so maybe well add another 20 there. Single Cube lines, well add like another 100 or so. We would be adjusting these game plans or these numbers if we were running into results that werent saying to still do it. So yes, they are working as planned.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I think with scarce capital we are really pushing our capital dollars to work those opportunities, those investments, that give us the highest return.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other thing, too, is to mention, because the Cube has been so successful, we have been pushing that mix and Maxxs business is also very positive in terms of the junior business. So this is really terrific in terms of the future.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Have you seen any impact on your business from the liquidation sales at Mervyns on the West Coast or Goodys in the Southeast? Or has that been fairly noneventful?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We havent measure it but were seeing some positive. Were certainly not seeing the deterioration like we were seeing in December. But we havent really measured specifically those stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Question back on gross margin. Can you talk a little bit about the sequential improvement that it looks like youre guiding to in the first quarter from the fourth quarter? Could you go through some of those components, how you think theyre going to be improving, or still be the same or worse.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: I have to look at my numbers. The sequential improvement. So the merchandise market was essentially flat in the fourth quarter, if I back out the Winners currency issue that we talked about. And then we have an increase in the first quarter. Whats happened is that weve brought our inventories down significantly in the fourth quarter. We have much more liquidity open to buy. Were sitting on more purchase dollars that are uncommitted and there are terrific buys in the marketplace and when that happens your mark on goes up. The other thing that happens with very lean inventories is it tends to have an improvement in your mark downs. So yes, there is a sequential improvement from Q4 into Q1 and those would be the factors. And its not surprising to us given the way that were managing our inventories in this environment.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: And the Winners issue, should that be fairly similar in the first quarter?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: It will be more in the first quarter. We would estimate about 200 basis points of impact on Winners merchandise margins because of this currency issue of sourcing goods in more expensive U.S. dollars.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: And how much should that be for the full company?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Winners is about 10% of the full company, so about 20 basis points.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: And the other components.
Jeffrey G. Naylor: They were up after that. I want to point out that the merchandise margins weve been, the up merchandise margin is after absorbing that hit from Winners.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Just a clarification on your outlook for fiscal 2010 on your base case, which is the minus 2 comp. So what youre saying is using the $2.01 you would take out the 53rd week, $0.09, FX $0.14, and your base case would approximate to roughly $1.78. Is that the right way to think about it?
Jeffrey G. Naylor: Yes, on a reported basis that would be right. So on a reported basis we are saying flat, including $0.14 of currency pressure. So flat to us, we have $1.92 on a 52 week basis, excluding the intrusion in the mark-to-market adjustment. So $1.92 would be the base case and we are saying were basically, that on a flat comp we would be flat to that, including $0.14 of currency pay. So the $1.92 would be the pro forma, the $1.78 would be the reported, and that would be at a flat comp. and then obviously at a minus 2 comp you would pull $0.14 out of both ends.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: You mentioned the price competitiveness as a key issue. There is a lot of pricing upheaval in the department store industry. When you look at the fourth quarter, your business was a little bit tougher in November than December. I know some of it was due to some marketing shifts. But were there any lessons learned there? Just from my walks through the stores and just hearing anecdotally from competitors, there seemed to be that you got more aggressive on pricing as the quarter progressed. And Im just wondering if the November underperformance relative to December had anything to do with that or did you feel like you were price competitive all along the way?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I would say the economy definitely hit pretty quickly in October and November so I would say to you that we did have some catch up in understanding what the true value needed to be. And I think we started catching up in December. So yes, if I said to you do I think today looking back, could we have done a better job in November? The answer is yes.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Obviously going forward you are taking those lessons from December and applying the same.
Operator: Your final question comes from Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: On this marketing spend, you say youre going to hit 35% more stores. Can you walk us through the regions where you havent had some regional advertising in the past and we can kind of monitor the impact of that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I cant even answer that. I dont have it specifically in front of me. Some of its the smaller markets and its different between Maxx and Marshalls. Maxx tends to be in smaller markets so the impact is going to be in a $5.0 million to $6.0 million store and then Marshalls will probably hit some of the bigger markets so it will hit areas in Florida and California that maybe today it doesnt hit. And its certainly where we werent highly penetrated before.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: And move on to the expense savings of $150.0 million. You talked about the reduced marketing spend. It sounds like it would be modest and you gave us like four or five buckets. Can you give a little more clarity on which is the higher weighting bucket towards that $150.0 million, where is the least weighted bucket in terms of the expense savings?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The biggest bucket is really non-merchandise procurement and then we have the big chunks are in leveraging best practices and DCs and probably in-store labor is a big chunk of that also. And then we have some other areas where we think that are not including in this number is we have an initiative on freight that we think hopefully will end up big number going forward.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: Not included in the $150.0 million?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Right, not included in the $150.0 million. So those are probably the three biggest chunks.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: Just on that freight, can you give a little more clarity? What would that be?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I dont know what the numbers are yet.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: Not the number but what are you trying to do with the freight? Change your shipper or what are you trying to do?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: A combination of things. Its really leveraging the corporation more efficiently. We have a lot of places that I think we can leverage a lot better than we are today and thats what were digging into.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: Just on the HomeGoods weve been through a little bit of fits and starts, you sounded a little more construction on it in terms of February trends. What specific changes can you point to in the last three months or so that really make you feel better about where the direction is going?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think if you walk into the stores today, weve really changed it up and weve looked at a much stronger value equation. I think there are places where we werent offering enough value to the customer and I think we are today. I think we are marketing in-store a lot better than we have. I think were moving the stores around and making them much more exciting. Before you would walk in and you would specifically see a department and it never moved through the entire year. so there are a lot of changes. And then within categories where were putting our dollars we are seeing some new categories that are working and some old categories that were doing just a lot better job with. So its a lot of different dynamics that are going on.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Co.: Are there any particular categories youre taking dollar away from?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Were always flexing on categories but I really dont usually give that kind of detail.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2008-11-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sherry Lang  Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations Carol M. Meyrowitz  President and Chief Executive Officer Nirmal K. Tripathy - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley  John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co. Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company  Jeff Black  Barclays Capital David Glick - Buckingham Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Companys third quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for the TJX Companies.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning. Before we begin, Sherry has a few words.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 26, 2008, as well as risks related to the current economic environment. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States Copyright and other laws.  Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in todays press release posted on our website, www.tjx.com.  Thank you and Ill turn it over to Carol. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Trip Tripathy, Jeff Naylor, and Ernie Herrman.  Ill start by saying that our third quarter performance is a real example of the resiliency of our off-price business model at work. We have always said that we hold our own and do better than most in tough times. It is equally important to understand that we will get through these difficult times and believe when the dust settles we will have greater opportunity to grow for the future. We have said many times that we have one of the most flexible business models in the world and we are seeing the benefits of that flexibility right now. This flexibility has enabled us to grow even through the recessions of the early 80s, 90s, and in 2001, and I can tell you that in todays difficult times, we are fortunate to have such flexibility and we are capitalizing on it in several major ways. We are extremely focused on how and when we buy. We are running with leaner inventories and have much more current open to buy than last year. We are aggressively managing expenses throughout the organization and lastly, we are taking advantage of tremendous real estate opportunities, which are coming our way and should bode well for the future for TJX. Let me highlight some of the key points of the quarter. Customer traffic was up across virtually all our divisions with the exception of a few regions in the U.S. we believe this indicates that we are gaining market share in this environment. We remain extremely lean on inventories where strategic and redeploying purchase dollars to the strong sales drivers and saw faster inventory turns than last year. We bought better brands as well as opened new vendors and bought very close to need. We were harder-hitting in our marketing and offered customers great compelling values.  We have been extremely focused on keeping expenses lean in this extremely difficult economic environment and will be even more aggressive going forward.  In addition, many of you have been asking us about real estate opportunities, and while we have previously not seen a significant benefit, those opportunities are really beginning to present themselves to us now. We are taking full advantage of the exceptional real estate deals out there which should be very positive for the future, both domestically and in Europe. All of these factors that we believe will continue to help mitigate the impact of the challenging macro factors we are up against in the short term along with all retailers. In the longer term, I believe this difficult environment will provide TJX great opportunities as the retail landscape changes. I will talk more about this later in the call. Before I move to the numbers, I also want to emphasize that our core businesses continue to be the cash engines that are driving our growth vehicles. Our international businesses continue to be very strong and our younger and new businesses, which have the most growth potential, have all performed extremely well. A. J. Wright has begun to gain traction and T.K. Maxx continues to be very strong. Our German T.K. Maxx stores are outperforming and show great promise for growth. In addition, our new stand-alone Shoe Megashop by Marshalls and our new StyleSense stores in Canada are starting off above expectations.  Finally, although there has been a lot of focus on the impact on foreign exchange rates on our numbers, the fundamentals of our business are extremely solid and our strong financial foundation gives us the ability to take advantage of opportunities in tough times and act strategically for the long-term growth of our company. Now to recap the consolidated numbers. Net sales for the third quarter increased to $4.8 billion, 2% above last year. Consolidated comp store sales decreased 1% versus last years 3% increase on a reported basis. This years results includes a 2% negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates, which was not contemplated in our plans. Excluding the foreign exchange impact from both years, consolidated comp store sales were up 1% for the third quarter this year versus the 1% increase last year. Fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.58 in the third quarter on a reported basis. The overall net impact from foreign exchange was a $0.03 per share benefit. Trip will go into more detail on the impact of foreign currency exchange in a moment. Excluding the net impact of FX and the reduction in the computer intrusion reserve, adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.54. Overall pre-tax profit margins on a reported basis was 8.8%, excluding the impact of inventory-related hedge adjustments from this year and last year and the intrusion-related reserve reduction, third quarter pre-tax margin declined by just under 1%, primarily due to deleverage from the below-planned comp. Gross margin on a reported basis was above last year. While inventory-related hedge adjustments positively impacted gross margins, it is important to note that merchandise margins increased 20 basis points over last years very strong margins, excluding fuel cost increases. SG&A expense was 17.2%, impacted by the deleveraging of the below-planned comp, as well as certain favorable expense items last year that did not recur this year.  In terms of inventories, at the end of the third quarter, consolidated inventories, on a per-store basis, was down 1%, excluding foreign currency exchange. Again, we are very well positioned with extremely lean inventories and purchase commitments down year-over-year, which positions us well as we begin the fourth quarter. To recap the first nine months. Consolidated comp sales increased 2% for the nine months over 3% last year, with a neutral foreign exchange impact.  EPS from continuing operations for the first nine months was $1.50. These results reflect the factors detailed in todays press release. Excluding these items, adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the first nine months was $1.43, up 8% over last years adjusted $1.32. Now to our divisional results. Lets begin with our Domestic Concepts. At the Marmaxx group, comp sales were flat in the third quarter, which was below our plan. Segment profit was $279.0 million and segment profit was 9.1%, both below prior year and our plan. Again, this was due to deleverage on the comp, a slightly lower average ticket, as well as certain favorable true-up last year that I just mentioned. With all this, merchandise margins held firm to strong margins last year. While Marmaxx comp sales were below plan, by bringing inventory levels down and focusing on inventory dollars in the right categories, this division held a flat comp in an extremely difficult environment with unseasonably warm weather for a good part of the quarter. Shoes and accessories continued the strong trends we have been seeing with shoes comping up 4% and accessories comping up 5% versus strong increases last year.  Juniors are starting to show positive results as we continue to roll out the cube and marginals, which is approximately 330 stores today. Home fashions continue to comp negatively, but as we have discussed on prior calls, we have strategically brought down inventories and are seeing higher inventory turn. We will continue to keep our home areas very lean, as we believe the macro environment is negatively affecting this category to a greater degree. Importantly, customer traffic overall at Marmaxx was up, despite declines in areas of the country with weak housing markets.  The opening of our first Shoe Megashop by Marshalls in Yonkers, New York, was very exciting. We just opened another Shoe Megashop in Glendale, California. Although it is a test and still early we are encouraged by the excitement around the Shoe Megashop as it is another vehicle for us to leverage, capitalizing upon our opportunities in footwear and grow Marmaxx in the U.S. As I mentioned before, we are also seeing some exceptional real estate opportunities, some of which could play into our strategy for future Shoe Megashops. Now to Home Goods, which continues to struggle. Comp sales at Home Goods decreased 5% in the third quarter versus two years of strong comparisons. Segment profit was $15.0 million, which was lower than last year and our expectations. The macro environment is definitely affecting our home businesses more than any other category. Home Goods is experiencing the brunt of the weak housing market. Going forward, we are planning conservative comps and lean inventories in Home Goods and focusing our open to buy in the key areas that are working. The Home Goods organization has done an extremely good job of managing their open to buy and are wide open for great deals coming their way in the fourth quarter. On the positive side, we had a strong opening in September of our Westport, Connecticut, Home Goods store, which tests the new larger footprint. This larger layout would allow us to expand certain highly productive categories that our existing square footage cannot accommodate.  We also continue to see solid results in a few new categories and will be expanding on new initiatives while pulling back on underperforming categories. Moving on to A.J. Wright, which delivered excellent performance in the third quarter. Comp sales increased 5%, which was at the high end of our plan. On the bottom line, A.J. Wright was close to break-even, which was a significant improvement over last year. We are feeling very good about A.J. Wright as we continue to see it gain traction. We are seeing many of our initiatives taking hold and believe we have a much better understanding of this customer, which is leading to more effective marketing and merchandise strategies. In terms of store contributions at A.J. Wright, they continue to move closer to the levels that would give us confidence to accelerate the roll out of new stores and possibly move into a new market or two. We will, as always, expand conservatively. Now to our international division, which performed very well in the third quarter. We continue to build our organization for the future, having recently added more top talent in our merchant ranks.  Starting with our Canadian businesses, which had a very strong third quarter. For the third quarter comp sales in Canada decreased 1% in U.S. dollars and local in currency, which we believe better reflects our operating performance, comps increased by 5% over 5% increase last year, which was well above our plans. Segment profit was $110.0 million and segment profit margin was 19%. These results include the 5% benefit from mark-to-market adjustment on the inventory hedges that I mentioned earlier. Prior year results were also reflected by a similar hedge-related adjustment, which had a negative 210 basis point impact on last years segment profit margin. Excluding the impact of the hedge-related adjustment in both years, segment profit was essentially flat to last year and segment profit margin was close to last years historically high level. Winners delivered excellent over strong comparisons to sharp execution of our off-price fundamentals. This organization flowed great values, great brands, and great fashion to our stores, which resonated well with our customers. Further, HomeSense in Canada continued to perform well. We are recently excited about the strong launch of StyleSense, our test concept in Canada, which offers family footwear and accessories. We opened our first two stores in Toronto in September and customer response has been fantastic. We will be prudent in our approach to rolling out new stores, as we are with any new business, but as StyleSense continues to show strong trends, it offers an additional vehicle to grow our presence in Canada. Lets now move to our European businesses, which we continue to be extremely pleased with. Beginning with T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland, third quarter comps decreased 8% in U.S. dollars but increased 4% in local currency, which again, we believe better reflects our operating performance. Excluding our investment in new European businesses, segment profit at T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland increased to $53.0 million in the third quarter and segment profit margin was 9.6% compared with 7.9% last year. Excluding the impact in both periods of making our inventory hedges to market, segment profit margin was 8.3%, well above last year and on plan. Including the investment in T.K. Maxx Germany and HomeSense in the U.K., our total segment profit in Europe in the third quarter increased to $48.0 million, which was above last year. Even with these investments and excluding the mark-to-market adjustments from both years, segment profit margin was up 10 basis points over last year and well above our plan. As a reminder, in the third quarter we anniversaried our investment in T.K. Maxx Germany last year. It is worth noting that T.K. Maxx delivered another very solid quarter as the retail environment in the U.K. [break in audio] tougher.  Again, its all about execution. This organization is doing an excellent job of remaining focused on the fundamentals and is gaining market share. Although we are feeling the impact of a weaker pound to the dollar when we translate results into U.S. dollars, operationally the real story here is about how well our business model is suited for tough consumer environments as well as strong ones. The performance of T.K. Maxx in Germany continues to be outstanding, on the top and bottom lines. Our German stores continue to exceed our expectations in the third quarter and inventory turns were [break in audio] to those in the U.K., which is pretty remarkable. As to store growth, we plan to end 2008 with 10 stores. As in the U.S., we are seeing exceptional real estate opportunities for T.K. Maxx in the U.K. as well as Germany. HomeSense, which we launched last spring, continues to perform well and we expect to end the year with 7 of these stores in the U.K. Now to our financial strengths, which in this credit crisis and time of extreme market volatility becomes even more critical than usual. Our very strong balance sheet and extremely solid financial foundation gives us the ability to more than meet our short-term needs and the confidence in our ability to continue growing our company for the future. Our strong operations generate significant amounts of cash and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders after reinvesting in our businesses. In terms of our share repurchase program in the third quarter, we repurchased $226.0 million of TJX stock, retiring over 7.0 million shares. Through the third quarter this year we have spent a total of $676.0 million in share repurchases and bought back over 21.0 million shares. We continue to expect to repurchase at least $900.0 million of TJX stock in fiscal 2009. Moving to guidance for the fourth quarter and the full year. In the current retail environment we are taking a conservative approach. We are planning comps more conservatively and are being extremely disciplined in maintaining lean inventory levels, expecting to turn inventories faster. Further, we are aggressively looking at expenses across the company to take cost out of businesses.  Let me be clear, however, that while we are being conservative in our approach, this management team and our entire organization are motivated to surpass our goals. Now to the numbers. First, let me remind everyone that we have several factors impacting comparability, which we have detailed in todays press release. Among these it is important to note that we have a 53rd week in our fiscal calendar year of this year, which impacts fourth quarter and full year results. In the fourth quarter we now expect a reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.62, which includes the anticipated $0.09 per share of benefit from the 53rd week and the other factors detailed in todays press release.  Excluding the factors, effecting comparability from both years, we now expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72. I remind you that this range includes the anticipated $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week. This outlook is based upon estimated consolidated comparable store sales of flat to down 2, excluding the anticipated negative 500 [basis point] impact from foreign exchange. For the full fiscal 2009 year we now expect reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.07 to $2.11, which also includes the $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week as well as the factors detailed in todays press release. Excluding other factors from both years, we now expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full year in the range of $2.11 to $2.15 compared with last years adjusted $1.92. Again, this range includes the 53rd week benefit. This outlook is based upon an estimated 1% consolidated cost store sales increase, excluding the anticipated negative 1% impact from foreign exchange. Trip will provide more details on this guidance in a moment. Before closing I want to spend a moment on how I see the turbulence of the current environment benefiting TJX in the longer term. I have mentioned the real estate opportunities that we are seeing. We are taking a strategic approach to determine which ones hold the greatest potential for growing our concepts for the long term. Even more broadly, there is a great deal of shaking out going out in the retail landscape that has already occurred and that we expect to continue, especially in the home fashion arena.  I can assure you that with a flexible business model and our financial strengths, TJX is here for the long term. We plan to take full advantage of the opportunities presented to us and emerge from this difficult macro environment an even better company with a stronger competitive position. Summing up, let me recap some important points. We have one of the most flexible business models in the world and these are the times when you need all the flexibility you can get. Our business has stood the test of time and our value equation plays well in tough times as well as good ones.  We have just closed a quarter in which we were up against probably the worst retail environment in our 31-year history. Comp sales were slightly positive, excluding currency, and profitability remains strong. Customer traffic is up, which we believe indicates that we are attracting new customers and gaining market share in a tough environment. Our cash engines, MarMaxx and Winners, are very strong. By not taking our eye off of these core businesses we continue to grow them for the future while they simultaneously fund the growth of our younger and newer businesses. T.K. Maxx in Germany and A.J. Wright are performing well and hold great potential for the future of our company. In addition, we are optimistic about our new stand-along shoe and accessory concept in the U.S. and Canada and we continue to test new initiatives all the time. We are taking the current retail environment head on. We are setting conservative comp sale plans while striving to surpass our goal. We are bringing inventory levels down and focusing purchase dollars in the right places to turn inventories faster and maximize our gross margins.  We are in an extremely aggressive cost-cutting mode and focusing on cost-saving opportunities in every business. We are being more pointed and targeted in our marketing as we benefit from what we have learned in this last year. Further, our strong financial foundation gives us the ability to manage through tough times while we continue to successfully grow TJX for the future. We entered the fourth quarter with great liquidity in our inventories and are seeing amazing deals. We have established our brands over the last several years as some of the most exciting gift-giving destinations and we intend to live up to that reputation.  We believe the consumer will buy for the holiday season but more carefully and may shift some of their big-ticket gift giving to the incredible values that TJX can offer. Finally, I cant say it enough, in a tough retail environment like this one, our best defense and offense continues to be execution. Throughout our history we have succeeded when we remain focused on the fundamentals of our off-price concept and delivered great values to our customers. Although cautious, we believe there is opportunity for the fourth quarter and certainly for the future. I look forward to updating you on our progress. And now I will turn it over to Trip.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: First I want to spend a moment on TJXs strong financial position and ample liquidity, from both internal and external sources. Our operations generate huge amounts of cash, which give us the ability to meet our short-term needs and fund our long-term growth. Beyond our cash, we have no maturities of long-term debt for at least a year as well as a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility. We have a great deal of flexibility in our capital structure and believe the changes taking place in the retail landscape will continue to afford us a good deal of opportunity. As we are in the process of putting our plans for fiscal 2010 together, I am not in a position to say very much about them, but do think it bears mentioning that we continue to have great confidence in our company and remain committed to repurchasing TJX shares as a means to return value to our shareholders. Secondly, while we are aware of all of the focus on the impact of foreign exchange currency rates on our reported results, we want to make sure that the strong fundamentals of our business are not getting lost in the details. Our businesses are holding up extremely well in these difficult times. Thirdly, I wanted to emphasize our commitment to contain costs. We continue to pursue major areas such as non-merchandise procurement and store labor efficiencies. We have also cut back on discretionary spending across all of our businesses. We will continue to be extremely focused on managing expenses wherever possible for the foreseeable future. Moving to the numbers, let me remind everyone that we have included charts in todays press release to reconcile items impacting EPS results for comparability, both for the third quarter and nine-month results and for guidance for the fourth quarter and full year. So before moving to guidance, let me once again recap the apples-to-apples comparison on the third quarter to last year. Excluding the comparability items we detailed in todays release, primarily the impact of foreign exchange, adjusted third quarter EPS this year was $0.54 versus the adjusted $0.56 last year. However, it is important to note that with a higher tax rate in the third quarter this year, which negatively impacted EPS by about $0.015, our EPS results were essentially flat to last year on comp sales that were lower than our plan. I mention this because it speaks to our ability to hold or grow earnings at low comp levels and out third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance reflect this. So now on to guidance. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 Carol recapped the guidance on a reported basis. Now let me give you the apples-to-apples EPS comparison. Excluding the expected $0.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week and other items detailed in todays press release in both year, we expect adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter to be $0.59 to $0.63 compared with the adjusted $0.63 per share last year. Now to the details. Before I begin, please note that the numbers that I am about to discuss all include the positive impact of the 53rd week in our fiscal calendar this year. Again, we estimate the 53rd week will benefit our results by $0.09 per share, or for modeling purposes, about 60 basis points in the fourth quarter. So we are assuming a fourth quarter top line of approximately $5.5 billion to $5.6 billion. In terms of comps, we are planning consolidated comp sales to be flat to down 2%, excluding a 5% negative impact from foreign currency exchange translation.  At the Marmaxx group we expect comps in the fourth quarter to be flat to down 2%. As to monthly comps, on a consolidated basis, we are planning comp sales in the range of down 3% to 6% in November and flat to up 2% in both December and January. Again, it is important to note that these ranges exclude the impact of foreign currency exchange translation. On a monthly basis we expect foreign exchange to negatively impact consolidated comp store sales by 6%, 5%, and 4% in November, December, and January respectively. For Marmaxx we are planning on comp sales of down 5% to 8% in November and flat to up 1% in both December and January. We are planning fourth quarter gross margins on a reported basis to be in the range of 23.4% to 23.6% versus 24.5% last year. It is important to note that these numbers include the impact of mark-to-market adjustments in both years, a negative impact this year compared with a positive impact last year. Excluding the mark-to-market impacts from both years, we expect gross margin to be essentially flat. SG&A as a percent of sales is planned to be 15.7% to 15.8%, essentially flat to last years 15.7%. Reported pre-tax profit margins are planned in the range of 7.5% to 7.8% versus 9.1% in the prior year. Again, these numbers include the impact of mark-to-market adjustments in both years, a negative impact this year, versus a positive impact last year. Excluding the impact of mark-to-market adjustments in both years, as well as the benefit for the computer intrusion adjustments in last years fourth quarter, we are planning a pre-tax profit margin to be 8.1% to 8.5% compared with 8.4% in the prior year. For modeling purposes, we are planning a tax rate of approximately 38.7% and weighted average outstanding shares of 432.0 million. Before going to questions I want to reiterate Carols message that while we believe it is prudent to plan conservatively at this time, we are managing the business as aggressively as we can to do better. To keep the call on schedule we ask that you please limit your questions to one person. We will take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I was hoping you could address the SG&A. It looks like you are holding the absolute dollar growth rate down, but could you talk about the major contributors of the increase in SG&A as a percentage of sales? And just remind us at what comp level corporate-wide you need in order to hold that SG&A rate flat going forward.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: I assume you are talking about the third quarter and I will also talk about the fourth quarter very briefly. In the third quarter, again apples-to-apples, 52 weeks, excluding mark-to-market, of course the third quarter doesnt have the 53rd week. So SG&A delivered 60 basis points, primarily because of a low comp, but in the third quarter of last year, you know typically in the third quarter we do a number of true-ups, primarily for insurance and benefits that happens every year, last year we got quite a big pop out of it and this year we didnt get as big a pop out of it, and as a result of that, that contributed to the deleverage.  So those are the two reasons primarily for SG&A deleverage in the third quarter. And then just looking at the fourth quarter, we are basically flat to last year, but there is actually a little bit of deleverage. I wont go into a lot of detail there, but essentially we are flat to last year and the reason for that is that we have a lot of cost initiatives going on that are kicking in and we have actually planned those numbers in the fourth quarter.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: The fourth quarter, is it flat to last year, SG&A including the extra week or excluding the extra week?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: It is actually the same on both basis, so thats the relative things to look at. Its the same percentage on both.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In the third quarter we did have a slight decrease in retail, which going into the fourth quarter our on order is pretty flat in retail which will benefit us a little bit.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: And that helps just lower the processing cost at the stores?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Just more color on the Marmaxx operating margin pressure here in the third quarter, just so we understand, how much of that came from the occupancy versus SG&A?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Marmaxx occupancy was really the biggest piece of it. In terms of gross margin, they actually had improvement in their merchandise margin but the bulk of deleverage actually occurred in buying and occupancy. They had a little bit of deleverage on SG&A as well. And that is typically what would happen with a flat comp in the third quarter.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Im just trying to understand your guidance here. For November comps, youre down 5% to 8%. Is that primarily because of the calendar shift or is there something else happening that we need to know about?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Its a combination of the environment, the shift in the calendar of Veterans Day and Thanksgiving, and we just felt that we should be fairly aggressive in taking the comp very conservatively for November.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley : We estimate that home goods has about a 40% store overlap with the 370 Linens & Things stores that are being closed. Can you comment on whether or not you think the liquidation sales there have been having a negative impact on home goods performance?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Probably if you were in the same center. I mean, were sitting here in Framingham and when you see a huge liquidation sale on a big banner, it is going to affect it. I dont know the exact number of the overlap. It probably has some effect.  But again, over time we believe, as the landscape is going to be changing, we still believe that home goods is very well positioned for the future.
Michelle Clark  Morgan Stanley : In the press release this morning you detail a negative 5% impact from the currency translation. What assumptions are you making behind that to get to that 5% negative impact?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: We typically dont try to project foreign exchange rates forward. So what we have done there is taken the spot rate for the end of the third quarter and used those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: Question on the advantageous real estate deals that youre seeing, are you open-minded at this point to considering taking advantage of those as soon as calendar 2009? I ask only because we are hearing a lot of companies talking about their real estate growth plans and Im wondering if this is something that would be on the horizon for you in calendar 2009 or is it something that really is extending beyond that? Your timing.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: As far as were concerned, as I said before, we are in a very good solid financial position so our strategy in terms of real estate is going to be to take advantage of anything that is opportunistic. So we are not looking at drastic cut-backs in store count but we are seeing some deals that are stronger than we have seen in the past in some terrific locations. And we will take advantage of those.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: And also in inventory, I know we dont really talk about what the plan is, go forward quarter-to-quarter, but is your thought process here when you talk about continuing to run with leaner inventory than usual, that that is your assumption that would continue to be on the order of magnitude of the minus 6% that we saw for the end Q3?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: That includes foreign exchange. Its really down 1%. So we are being aggressive in taking inventories down. Its not going to be something drastic like 6% without foreign exchange. But we are running with much greater open to buy and we are going to be a lot more liquid in terms of our open to buy.  Ill give you an example. The next two months, which is pretty critical to our business, we have the largest open to buy weve ever had in the history of the company, which is pretty exciting at this moment. And we are seeing a lot of people cancelling goods and we will take full advantage of it. Going into the first quarter we will lean up our inventories, but do it very strategically by category and by region. And thats how were looking at it. Were really diving into the details.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Would the department store group likely to be obviously intensely promotion, Im wondering what level promotional response that youre factoring into your Marmaxx comp guidance in the fourth quarter. And you mentioned some cost items in SG&A, that benefitted last year but not this year. Can you remind us what that was and how significant that was and whether or not that will occur in any other quarters?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of the department store groups, I think its going to be promotional and I know this is an unusual environment, every year they become promotional. I think their inventories will be leaner this year than they probably were a year ago. But again, our ability to go in in the month of December and buy goods for Christmas puts us in such an incredible advantage and we intend to take this opportunity and be even more aggressive than we ever have been before. So we think our value equation versus the department stores and the specialty stores will still be very strong.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Does that affect your average unit pricing as well? Your average unit retails.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Our on order is actually pretty flat to last year because we are in categories. We strategically went after certain categories that, the shift in the mix, the shoes, accessories, sometimes you have a slightly higher retail, a little less home, which is a lower retail, which is keeping our average ticket in a pretty good place. And again, we are seeing some very nice high-end goods at crazy prices. So we are pretty excited about it.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: And to answer your other question, in general, in the third quarter of every year, throughout the year weve been accruing insurance and benefits and some other items like that and typically it all sort of comes together in the third quarter of every year, when we look at actual experience and do some true-ups. So typically third quarter of every year theres, in the last few years there has been a fairly good benefit, and this year as well.  The difference is this year wasnt as good a benefit as last year and thats why you see some deleverage along with buying and occupancy deleverage coming from the zero comp at Marmaxx in the quarter. So Im not spreading out the exact numbers on both but it is primarily buying and occupancy deleverage and then to a lesser degree its the favorable true-ups last year versus this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: I had a question with regard to the segment margins for the fourth quarter. Could you discuss, either qualitatively or a little bit of granularity by the major segments, how you might expect the segment operating margins to compare year-over-year in the fourth quarter, including the 53rd week.  And then with regard to your commentary about increasing real estate availability, net-net would you expect to end up 2009 and 2010 with fewer locations than you might have six to twelve months ago when you maybe adjust for fewer foundation-up new openings? Or do you think it might come out similarly given the number of real estate opportunities out there?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Ill give you comps on margins. And just on an overall basis, fourth quarter 53rd week impact is typically $0.09, and 60 basis points on pre-tax margins. So Im actually going to do the math for you and give you the 52 week numbers, along with the comps by segment. At Marmaxx, in the fourth quarter, the comp is zero to minus 2%. And obviously those are all on 52 weeks. And then the Marmaxx segment profit is 8.6% to 8.9% versus 9.5% last year. And as I mentioned, there is buying and occupancy deleverage on a zero to minus 2% comp that is reflected in there. At Winners, on a U.S. dollar basis, the comp is a high of 4%, a low of 2%. And the segment profit there is 10.3% on the low side to 10.5%. That compares to 12% last year. Just to give you a little flavor on that difference, the year prior was 10.4%. We had an outstanding year last year. We hit a historically high number. So what you are seeing reflected in the Winners number is sort of moving back down a little from the historic high, as well as some impact of FX on purchases from the U.S., because they do buy a significant number of goods from the U.S. So thats whats in the Winners number. T.K. Maxx, I guess Im going to split out U.K./Ireland and then the total segment. The U.K./Ireland comp is a high of 5% to a low of 3%. And then their segment profit, U.K./Ireland, would be on a 52-week basis, would be 11.2%. So 11.4% was the standpoint 1% last year and basically I think just terrific execution, good improvement in merchandise margins, good leveraging on the expense side there.  On a segment profit in this quarter we are also lapping last years numbers, so the investments in new businesses are essentially flat. So T.K. Maxx segment would be 9.7% on the low to 10.2% on the high, on a 52-week basis versus 9.2% last year. So very good improvement on the segment. Home goods, which is a 5% to 8% negative comp, translates into 4.2% to 4.6% on a 52-week basis versus 7.2% last year. And thats all sales driven deleverage. A.J. Wright, on a 3% on the low side to 5% on the high side comp, on a 52-week basis would be a 2.4% to 2.6% range versus 2.7% last year. Basically theyre running a lot more transactions, theyre working on their value proposition. It is driving a lot more traffic into the store but it is also putting some pressure on VC costs and theyre in the process of figuring out how to manage through a higher through-put scenario. The good news on A.J., if I might just mention this, is that store contribution is up year-over-year, about 160 basis points this year, and thats really exciting, terrific news combined with the positive comps. And then just moving down, corporate expenses, we are assuming $38.0 million to $39.0 million. Thats a little more in line with prior history because last years number was $49.0 million and we had some non-recurring items last year, so once, again, comparable numbers last year was $49.0 million, this year will be $38.0 million to $39.0 million. So boiling it all down for the company, what we are looking at is a zero to minus 2% comp, excluding FX. And then we told you we have a 5% impact due to FX, so with FX were looking at minus 5% to minus 7% on the comp line. And on the profit line its 7.5% to 7.9%, which compares to 8.4% last year. And thats all on a 52-week basis.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: And just to be clear, those segment comparisons for the international operations.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: I should also mention just one more thing. The Winners numbers and the T.K. Maxx numbers that I just gave you, again, were talking to apples-to-apples here, so I have excluded the mark-to-market impact.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: That was exactly my question. Thanks.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of the real estate, we are pretty similar to last year. And were pretty much on plan. We are going to continue our real estate strategy, probably similar to this year, in terms of growth. But again, we will be flipping some of the, in terms of home goods, we will probably take down the store count for next year. We see some greater opportunity in Marmaxx and some of the other divisions with the real estate deals, but we are staying wide-open because, again, we think some things are going to come our way that we are going to absolutely want to take advantage of.
Daniel Hofkin  William Blair & Co.: So ex that, you still might expect the overall change in store count to be similar, ex any additional opportunities?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: Question on finances. Not too many retailers have been buying their stock back this year. You have and obviously have the cash flow to do so. Any thoughts in terms of your appetite to continue to buy back stock at this level as we move into calendar 2009?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Obviously we really believe in our buyback program and we will continue our program for next year. We are looking strategically at all the opportunities to use our cash. Fortunately we have a lot of flexibility with tremendous liquidity, especially in todays environment. So we are evaluating it.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil-Stein Research: In the third quarter was your average ticket down because your customers were spending less or was the average unit retail down in the third quarter?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, it was just the average unit retail was down. And part of it was a bit of mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: A question on the opportunity and then share repurchases, the dividend, and what could be pressure on cash flow. Just wondering how you are evaluating some of the opportunities next year and how you will evaluate a real estate acquisition, whether its at a bankruptcy court or from a real estate developer, and your willingness to forego some of the buyback to take advantage of real estate, or dividend for that matter.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Quite frankly, I dont think we have to make that decision today. I think were in a very solid position. In terms of real estate, we look at every single store, the same way we would look at a buy, and take full advantage of it. If in fact we feel we want to wait and its coming at us so quickly, were also going to be very careful. As I said before, we believe in our share repurchase program and were going to continue it.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: As Carol mentioned earlier, were in a very strong liquid position. Our borrowings are a fairly low level. We dont have anything coming due for at least 12 months, if not a little more. We have lots of flexibility in terms of borrowing capacity. Weve got a $1.0 billion credit line. And on top of all of that we have very strong cash flows. So, as Carol mentioned, it gives us a lot of options and opportunities and we are certainly not done with planning next year, which is why I dont want to talk a lot about next year. But you can be sure we are going to be looking at every opportunity to build a much more solid foundation for the future. And weve got the cash to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Just thinking longer term, given some of the changes that youre seeing across the retail landscape, does this change your view on what is the right number of stores for the Marmaxx division? Is it increased in your mind? Just wondering how youre thinking about that over the long term. And can you give examples of some of the real estate opportunities youre being presented with and how they are different from last year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We are always evaluating the Marmaxx chain and I think almost every year we bump it up a little bit. So were still in the 2,000 store range today. Obviously the MegaShoe, we only have two of them that have started out pretty strong, gives us another opportunity. So we will take probably a good five or six months to evaluate that before we determine the number of stores that that could possibly be. In addition, we continue to differentiate Maxx and Marshalls. You see with the cube and MegaShoe in Marshalls and a bigger accessory department in Maxx and fine jewelry, that as we continue to differentiate it, it gives us the opportunity to possibly put those two boxes closer to each other and theres not as big a transfer. So we continue to work on that. For today were sticking with the 2,000. We think the MegaShoe is a great opportunity in high demographic areas. It gives us the ability to go into certain areas that we couldnt necessarily get into before with 8,000 square feet to 10,000 square feet, so thats pretty exciting. So we will see what that ends up yielding for us. The specific real estate opportunity deals, I really cant talk about that. You know whats going on in the landscape. Sadly, theres a lot of brands that are going out of business. So were taking each one at a time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: As you think about merchandise margin and pricing, given that the department stores have become that much more promotional, it sounds like you are still able to maintain and get your good merchandise margin, even with your pricing being 30% or 40% less than the current discounted price of the department stores. Just wanted to follow up on that. And also what about marketing? How are you thinking about marketing investments this year, given the challenging environment? And traffic trends, where theyve been up, has it been consistent throughout the company by division?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of margin and pricing and value, my answer to that is absolutely. Again, we are really buying close to need and it is a bit of a blood bath out there. And again, I think the department stores are going to have promotions, as they always do, but they are going to keep leaner inventories.  And to tell you the truth, Im the most excited about our mix. Our mix just covers the most amazing brands and I think we are so focused in the right areas. And thats what I look at every day and the value of that mix. Our marketing for the year, were probably going to be pretty close to flat, but I think were spending it in the right ways. We learned a lot in the fourth quarter. We are better positioned than we probably were in the third quarter because we were still experimenting. I think next year we will even be better and I think there will be buckets where we will not be spending any dollars and we will be shifting those buckets to other areas that were seeing better results. The traffic speaks for itself. I think people are buying less. I think its the reality of the environment today. I think the fact that our traffic is up means that they are excited about shopping our stores and I think that will bode well for the holiday season. And more importantly, absolutely for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company .
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company : The last couple of quarters you talked a lot about fuel impact. Can you just give us an idea on how fuel and freight maybe hurt you in the last quarter and what youre projecting for Q4?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Fuel had about a 20 basis point impact this last quarter and we were able to offset that with merchandise margin improvement. Or put another way, we got merchandise margin improvement, which helped offset the 20 basis point fuel. As you know, fuel costs have been coming down so we do expect a smaller impact versus last year. And right now we are projecting about a 10 basis point impact for the fourth quarter.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company : In terms of the MegaShops, the shoe store, Im just curious, how do you plan to differentiate that, if at all, from your in-store locations and if you are not going to differentiate, how will you avoid cannibalizing your existing stores?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, what I said before, is what is very intriguing about the MegaStore, the MegaShoe, is that we can go into places that, we cant go into New York City that easily with a 25,000 square foot or 30,000 square foot store. Rents are very high. This gives us an opportunity to go into high-demographic neighborhoods which just gives us another vehicle that really isnt very close to a Maxx or a Marshalls. We are also testing some stores. The one out in California is pretty close to our other store and we did that on purpose to see what the cannibalization is and we will read that over time and then we will be able to evaluate that. But I think youve got two possibilities here. I dont believe its necessarily going to cannibalize that much, but I think it just gives us another real estate opportunity that we really could not have without something like this. I think its a terrific vehicle.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Black  Barclays Capital.
Jeff Black  Barclays Capital: What are you seeing in the U.K. business now and are we seeing the same kind of trends were seeing in the U.S.? Because it seems like October we saw a pretty big drop off in two-year trends, at least at T.K. Maxx and Im wondering why your guidance, it seems optimistic both on the comp line and on the margin line, to us, on the Europe division. So just a little color on whats going on there.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of T.K., first of all, first of all for the quarter they had a pretty strong comp. They had a 4% versus a 6% last year. They also, for October, we did plan slightly off so we had a break in terms of a vacation we didnt plan in. There was a little bit of a shift. They are also very lean in inventory and their turns are spectacular. And as you can see, it floated to the bottom line. So I am not concerned about T.K.s business at all. I think their business is pretty strong. Again, the retail environment there is as tough as it is here. Its incredible whats going on there. And T.K. Maxx is competitively a very unique business there and their traffic is also way up. So we think they are positioned very well for the holidays and I think theyre going to continue to have pretty strong business.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: You touched on it briefly, but what we have seen in the last couple of months in the top-tier retailer, the luxury channel, is very different than an environment youve been operating in for the last few years. Does that change your outlook on how you approach goods in the designer channel and would that change your approach to merchandising, to marketing, space allocation in the stores? It seems like it might be a unique opportunity that you really havent had up until this point.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We are taking full advantage of opening some doors that we may not have been able to open, which were always doing. But again, I think this does give an opportunity. And as I said before, we probably have one of the most exciting assortments going into the holiday season. So I think the consumer is going to see that.  Thank you very much and I look forward to reporting fourth quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-08-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Nirmal K. Tripathy - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President, President - Marmaxx
Analysts:  Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Adrienne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker David Glick - Buckingham Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Company second quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for the TJX Companies. Please go ahead.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Good morning. Before we begin, Sherry has some opening comments. 
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 26, 2008. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States Copyright and other laws.  Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in todays press release posted on our website, www.tjx.com.  Thank you and Ill turn it over to Carol. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Trip Tripathy, Jeff Naylor, and Ernie Herrman. Ill start by saying that we are very pleased with our second quarter performance. Our 24% increase in adjusted EPS excluding the charges detailed in todays press release was achieved on top of record results last year on an adjusted basis. The second quarter demonstrates once again our ability to deliver quarter on top of quarter a strong performance and continues our trend of strong results despite a highly promotional retail environment.  We executed well and marketed well and when the favorable weather in June boosted demand for summer apparel, our great values appealed to customers in challenging times. We are pleased that traffic continued to be up during the quarter, which bodes well for today as well as for the future.  I want to emphasize again that TJX is not only a company for tough times for but strong economic environments as well. In down economies, we tend to capture new customers, which is evident in our increased traffic and is an opportunity for us to build our customer base for the future. When times improve, our history has shown that our new customers stay with us because they love our values. At the same time, our pricing umbrella also rises when consumer demand is stronger, providing us an easier environment in which to operate.  I would like to address the commonly asked question regarding availability of merchandise and the impact on us when the department stores run with tighter inventories. Let me be clear -- TJX has over 500 buyers, buying in more than 60 countries, working with a universe of over 10,000 vendors and growing every day.  For example, one of our divisions opened several hundred new vendors in a period of three months. The impact of department stores tightening inventory levels gives us just as much opportunity and helps maintain a wider pricing gap between us and the department store and can increase average ticket.  In addition, we have built very strong vendor relationships, both domestically and internationally, allowing us to grow to a $20 billion company. I have complete faith that our model will allow us to continue to grow to $30 billion, $40 billion, and beyond.  We have seen in the past cycles that when we develop new vendor relationships in tough times, they have positive experiences with us and want to continue to do business with TJX in the future. As with new customers, when we add new vendors we are building relationships for the long-term. Ill say it again -- availability has never been an issue for us. Todays marketplace presents fantastic opportunities upon which we are capitalizing for the short and for the long-term. Further, while we are delivering consistent top and bottom line growth, we have a tremendous growth story to tell. Our strong operations allows us to reinvest for the future, even in a challenging consumer environment, which will serve us well when times improve.  As I mentioned on our first quarter conference call, our growth opportunities are plentiful and we are seeing exciting things.  Now to recap the consolidated numbers, net sales for the second quarter increased to $4.6 billion, 7% above last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased 4% over last years 5% increase, which was above our plans. Foreign currency exchange benefited comp sales by approximately 0.5 percentage point, which was about what we had expected.  Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.45 this quarter, including the $0.02 impairment charge related to Bobs Stores detailed in todays press release. Last years results include a $0.25 per share after-tax charge related to the computer intrusion. Excluding these charges, our adjusted earnings per share is $0.47, a 24% increase over the very strong adjusted $0.38 per share last year.  Overall, pretax profit margins was 6.9%. Excluding the charges I just mentioned, adjusted pretax profit margins increased by a strong 50 basis points above last years 90 basis points improvement and above our plan.  Gross profit margin was up 40 basis points from last year to 24.4%, driven by strong merchandise margins despite the impact of higher fuel costs  SG&A expense was 17.5%, which included a negative impact of 30 basis points from the impairment charge. Excluding this charge, SG&A was 20 basis points favorable to last year and also favorable to plan.  In terms of inventories, at the end of the second quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 2%. We being the third quarter with very liquid inventory which positions us extremely well to take advantage of the enormous opportunities that the marketplace continues to present.  To recap the first half, which was above our expectations, EPS for the first six months was $0.88, which is 19% above last years adjusted EPS excluding the intrusion charge for last year. The net impact on EPS of the $0.02 per share tax benefit in this years first quarter and the $0.02 impairment charge in the second quarter was neutral.  Comp sales increased 4% for the first half over a 4% increase last year. We saw strong pretax profit gains in the first half over similar increases last year excluding the intrusions charge, which again speaks to our ability to deliver sustained profit growth.  Now to our divisional results, lets begin with our domestic concepts. At the Marmaxx group, our largest division, comp sales were up 3%, over a 3% increase last year and above our plan; segment profit was $298 million, up 18% over the prior year, and segment profit was 10.1%, up 110 basis points over last year, both well above our expectations..  Marmaxx delivered an outstanding quarter on top of exceptional results last year. Weve been asked a lot about whether Marmaxx will return to peak margin levels, so I would like to point out that Marmaxx's segment profit margin in the second quarter was the strongest second quarter performance in nine years.  Through excellent execution, merchandise margins increased 70 basis points despite the increase in fuel costs. The Marmaxx organization also was extremely expensive in managing expenses.  Some brief highlights on categories: accessories and shoes were once again terrific. Accessories comped up 10% and footwear was up 8%. Kids, mens and dresses were all above the chain. We are happy with the Cube and we will have a total of 340 of these departments by the end of the year.  With the continued success of footwear, we see further opportunities in this category. As you may have heard, we will be testing a new standalone shoe concept this fall, which is call the Shoe Megashop by Marshalls. We are excited about the potential for this concept but we are only in the test stage, as we are with many of our new ideas and initiatives.  As to home fashions at Marmaxx, we are feeling better about the improvements we are seeing in the business. As we discussed on prior calls, we have strategically lowered our inventory levels to identify the areas that are working. We are seeing significantly higher inventory turns and profitability is up. Comps are coming back in several categories and overall comps in home fashions were essentially flat to last year, again with leaner inventories. In addition, we have rolled out about 80 new home prototypes at Marmaxx this year and although early, we like the results we are seeing. We remain focused on improving our performance in home and believe we have opportunity for the back half.  Now to HomeGoods; comp sales at HomeGoods decreased 1% in the second quarter versus a 5% increase last year. Segment profit was $2.2 million, which was lower than last year and our expectations. We believe that HomeGoods' disappointing second quarter results were mostly a factor of our own execution issues. Having said that, traffic is healthy and up over last year. As we have discussed on our monthly reporting, we had some regional execution issues and also allowed too large a percentage of high ticket items into the mix, particularly given the weak home environment in certain regions. As I hope investors by now know, when we identify problems we work diligently to fix them. We took our medicine with extremely aggressive markdowns in the second quarter in order to enter the third quarter in a better position.  From a cost perspective, as we discussed on first quarter call, HomeGoods gets hits harder by the negative impact of fuel increases than our other divisions, due to the higher costs of shipping home product. We have initiatives in place to mitigate this cost pressure and we have begun to see some benefit but we are continuing to work on it.  As to new things going on at HomeGoods this fall, we will be testing a larger store layout with the first store opening planned in West Port, Connecticut in September. The new layout, which is about 37,000 square feet, will allow us to expand certain highly productive categories that our existing square footage cannot accommodate. We are also seeing good results in a few new categories. We will be expanding these new initiatives while cutting back on some categories that are not performing as well.  Moving to A.J. Wright, which continued to make very solid progress in the second quarter, comp sales increased by a strong 6%, which was above our plan. On the bottom line, A.J. cut its segment loss in half, which was significantly better than last year and in line with our plan. We are very pleased with A.J. Wright's second quarter performance and are feeling more and more positive about this business. We believe that we have a better handle [on our] customer than ever before and that we have the right marketing campaign. We continue to like the progress we are seeing in A.J. Wright stores contribution and are getting closer to levels that would give us the confidence to accelerate the rollout of new stores.  We continue to be conservative; however, as this business is in a very good place, we are now planning on opening an additional market or two next year. Long-term, we continue to view A.J. Wright as a vehicle with tremendous growth potential and believe the U.S. could ultimately support 500 to 1,000 stores.  Finally on our domestic divisions, at Bobs Stores although comp sales were disappoint, Bobs Stores managed expenses well in the second quarter. In addition, they continue to buy better and improve their mark-on. As we have said on prior calls, we are evaluating this business.  Now to our international division -- lets start with the Canadian businesses, which had a fantastic second quarter. For the second quarter, comp sales in Canada increased 12% in U.S. dollars. In local currency, which we believe better reflects our operating performance, comps increased by a remarkable 6% over a challenging 7% compare last year. Segment profit increased 27% to $60 million and segment profit margin increased 100 basis points to 11.2%, which significantly exceeded last year and our expectations.  Winners exceptional quarter is all about execution. The Winners organization is doing an outstanding job of remaining flexible, buying right, and flowing great products at great values to our stores.  HomeSense in Canada continued to do terrifically well. On the top and the bottom line, HomeSense contributed huge increases over enormous huge increases last year.  We have mentioned our plans to test a new off-price concept in that country and I am excited to tell you more about its launch. Again, as with any new idea or concept we develop, we will test and be very methodical in our approach. Our new business is called StyleSense and will offer predominantly family footwear and accessories. These categories continue to perform extremely well for us at Winners and across our chains and we see this as having potential to expand our presence in Canada. We have two store openings planned this fall with one next spring, and the box will be about 14,000 square feet in size.  Now lets move to our European businesses, beginning with T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland, second quarter comps increased 4% in U.S. dollars and increased 5% in local currency, which again we believe better reflects our operating performance.  Segment profit at T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland excluding our investment in new European businesses, increased to $21 million in the second quarter, which was above our plans. Segment profit margin excluding our new European businesses increased 60 basis points to 3.9%, well above our plan.  Including the investments in T.K. Maxx Germany and HomeSense in the U.K., our total segment profit in Europe in the second quarter decreased to $14 million from $16 million last year, and segment profit margin was 2.5%, again above our plan.  In the U.K. and Ireland, T.K. Maxx delivered another outstanding quarter in the face of a highly promotional retail environment. By sharply executing the fundamentals, this division is driving strong results and we believe is gaining market share in this tough environment.  Our T.K. Maxx stores in Germany are performing beyond our expectations on the top and bottom line. We continue to are seeing inventory turns equivalent to the U.K., which is really impressive. With strong merchandise margins, the bottom line results of our German operations were favorable to our plan for the second quarter. While still early days, we feel very well-positioned in Germany. Our vendor base is very strong and the large majority of product in our German stores is sourced directly in Germany.  In terms of store growth, we plan to end 2008 with 10 stores and are looking at the possibility of accelerating our store growth plan slightly next year.  HomeSense, which we brought across the pond from Canada to the U.K. this spring, is off to a good start. Our plan is to end the year with six HomeSense stores in the U.K.  Now I want to spend a moment on our vision to grow TJX as a global off-price value retailer. I talked in detail on our last call about our plentiful opportunities to grow our company both domestically and internationally. We have a tremendous advantage in that our core businesses are performing extremely well and funding our growth vehicles, such as A.J. Wright and T.K. Maxx Germany, along with some of our newer test concepts.  Ultimately, we believe we can grow to more than 4300 stores with our current portfolio in the countries where we currently operate. This does not include some of the tests we talked about today. We see enormous growth potential in the future and have solid strategies in place to support our goals.  Key to our strategy is building a global organization that will position our company for future success. To that end, we have made a number of important senior management changes that I would like to share with you. Ernie Hermann has been promoted to Senior Executive Vice President and Group President with the responsibility for Marmaxx, Winners, corporate human resources, and brand development. Ernie continues to report directly to me in his new role.  Michael McMillan, previously Chairman of Winners, has been promoted to Chairman of the Marmaxx Group, reporting to Ernie.  Bob [Tipalo], previously COO of HomeGoods, has been promoted to President of Winners, also reporting to Ernie Hermann.  In addition, in Europe we have taken significant steps to strengthen the organization. As we have mentioned on prior calls, we have formed a new shared service structure that we call TJX Europe. We are highly committed to our recruitment efforts and are hiring some of the best talent available. Recently, we added a CFO of TJX Europe and a managing director of T.K. Maxx Germany.  Building our global organization is a top priority for us. With these moves, we are continuing to groom executives who have corporate and global experience so that they can be tapped to run any business anytime, domestically or internationally.  Further, we recently enhanced our world-class executive training program, which is one of the few training programs of its kind remaining in the retail industry.  Now Id like to discuss our financial strength in terms of our share repurchase program. In the second quarter, we repurchased $225 million of TJX stock, retiring 7 million shares. Through the second quarter this year, we spent a total of $450 million in share repurchases and bought back 14 million shares. We continue to expect to repurchase at least $900 million of TJX stock in fiscal 2008.  Moving to guidance for the third quarter and the full year, in the third quarter we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.62. This compares to $0.54 in diluted earnings per share, or an increase of 9% to 15% over the prior year. This outlook is based upon estimated consolidated comparable store sales growth of approximately 2% to 3%. While we believe these are prudent goals for the third quarter, I can tell you that as in the second quarter, we are motivated to surpass them. Trip will provide more detail on this guidance in a moment.  For the fiscal 2009, we are raising our previous guidance. We now expect fully diluted EPS of $2.26 to $2.31, including the benefit of the 53rd week. This range compares to a reported EPS of $1.66 in the prior year, which included a $0.25 per share charge related to the previously announced computer intrusion. Excluding the 53rd week impact and the prior years intrusion charge, our guidance is in the range of $2.17 to $2.22, a 14% to 16% increase over the adjusted $1.91 earned last year. These estimates are based on an estimated comp store sales increase of approximately 3% for the full year.  Our full year guidance assumes fourth quarter EPS of $0.79 to $0.81, including the benefit of the 53rd week, and $0.70 to $0.72 without that benefit.  Summing up, Ill recap the major points. First, our expected EPS this year represents the third consecutive year of significant earnings growth excluding the intrusions charge last year. Our 14% to 16% estimated range for EPS growth this year is on top of a 17% increase last year, which was on top of a 26% increase the prior year -- again excluding the intrusions charge. Certainly our goal will be to beat the back half numbers. Second, while we are driving these strong results, we are building for the future. By not taking our eye off our cash engines, Marmaxx and Winners, which by the way we see growth in, we are fueling our other major growth vehicles. We are in a great position with our core businesses doing extremely well and our growth vehicles are beginning to work. In addition, we are continuously testing initiatives and we will never stop.  Third, we have tremendous opportunities to grow our concepts globally. In this call alone, weve talked about the possibility of a new market at A.J. Wright, testing a standalone footwear concept at Marshalls, the launch of StyleSense in Canada, and our early success in Germany and with HomeSense in the U.K. We have solid strategies in place to achieve our goals for growth and are creating a global organization that combines the best of the TJX experience with fresh perspectives.  Fourth, expense management remains a key focus area, which helps fund our investments in new businesses as well as other marketing initiatives.  Fifth, our extremely solid financials give us great confidence in our ability to invest in the future growth while returning value to our shareholders.  And finally, our no-walls approach to communications continues to pay dividends as we share ideas, initiatives, talent, and best practices across all of our divisions.  As we begin the second half of 2008, our chief goal remains driving profitable sales. I cant say it enough; its about execution, execution, execution every day. We are upbeat about the back half. We see exciting product in the pipeline, and believe our marketing will resonate with existing and new customers. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the third quarter and now Im going to turn it over to Trip. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Thank you, Carol and good morning, everyone. Carol has really hit the major points of the strong quarter. On a sales basis, I want to emphasize that transactions were up across all of our off price divisions, which indicates that we are gaining market share.  On the bottom line, expenses were very well managed overall. That said, our work in this regard is never done and one of our major objectives continues to be cost management.  Before I cover the third quarter guidance, just to avoid any confusion I want to recap our first half results and how that impacts our full-year guidance. The net impact of the $0.02 tax benefit in the first quarter and the $0.02 impairment charge in the second quarter is neutral to EPS. Therefore, the net impact of these items to our full year diluted EPS range is neutral. So for modeling purposes, people can include both or exclude both because either way, the net impact to EPS is neutral.  Now to guidance -- for the third quarter of fiscal 2009, we expect earnings per share in the range of $0.59 to $0.62, which represents a 9% to 15% increase over $0.54 per share in the prior year. We are assuming a third quarter top line of approximately $5.1 billion with a comp sales increase of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis with a neutral impact from foreign exchange rates, and a 2% to 3% comp sales increase at the Marmaxx Group.  As to monthly comps, on a consolidated basis we expect comp sales increases in the range of 1% to 2% in August, 2% to 3% in September, and 1% to 2% in October. For Marmaxx, we are planning on comp sales to be flat to up 1% in August and up 2% to 3% in both September and October.  We are planning third quarter gross margin in the range of 25.2% to 25.4%, flat to up 20 basis points from last year, and SG&A as a percent of sales to be flat to 10 basis points favorable to last year at 16.7% to 16.6%. Pretax profit margins are planned in the 8.4% to 8.6% range, essentially flat to prior year. As a reminder, we begin to anniversary investments in our new European businesses in the third quarter. For modeling purposes, we are planning a tax rate of approximately 38.6% and weighted average outstanding shares of $441 million.  To keep the call on schedule, we ask that you limit your questions to one per person. Thank you and well take questions now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Todd Slater.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Carol, I know you said you see exciting product in the pipeline. I think you made that point pretty clear. I think the bear case really says the quality of the product, not the quantity but the quality is apt to deteriorate -- in other words, say goodbye to a lot of the low-hanging fruit and contemporary luxury and bridge and so on and so forth. So Im wondering, if you look at your mix for holiday and the for spring, and maybe spring is way too far out there but -- because you are buying a lot more off price, but what do you see -- do you see -- you know, talk a little bit about the mix in terms of quality of the better product that is really exciting the customer right now. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, Todd, we are relentless in our quest for always raising the bar, so I cant talk to fourth quarter because obviously we are very, very liquid but I can tell you that what we do have in the pipeline is very new. And again, as I said before, our buyers are out all over the world and I do not see the quality of our merchandise deteriorating in any way. As a matter of fact, I see the group as a whole testing a lot of new things and upgrading and trying new countries.  So I certainly dont see a deterioration; if anything, I see progress, and thats what we talk about every day. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: I guess our question really is just focusing on the merchandise margin at the Marmaxx division. Just trying to understand -- I mean, how much of that was just your lean inventory and lower markdowns versus the markups on the better buying? And just also about the second half, should we expect that you will continue to have these nine-year high operating margins at Marmaxx?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Im going to comment just in general and then I am going to hand it over to Ernie. You know, Marmaxx just continues again to execute very well. They were very, very liquid, very seasonally appropriate. They are really managing all aspects of it so we are going to continue obviously to work hard at improving the margins, and I will hand it over to Ernie. 
Ernie Herrman: Brian, just what Carol said, we talked about it on the last conference call, you know, we maintain that liquidity position really for most of the back half and I think we are getting it on both sides -- markdowns and on buying goods better, so its really a combination. We maintain that liquidity, so going into third quarter, I mean, its just the way we feel is wise to operate in this environment and really in any environment. So I think well get it on both sides of the equation. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: One other comment, Brian, is we continue -- I think Ive talked about it in the past quite a bit, that some of our investment is in the supply chain. And again, that will allow us over time to continuously do a better job of allocating to the particular store and demographics better and better as we go forward, which again obviously helps in terms of optimizing markdowns. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I think you mentioned, Trip, in your prepared remarks that transactions were up across all of your off-price businesses. I just wanted to follow-up on that see if you were seeing an increase in ticket as well, or if tickets were roughly flattish. And my main question is for Carol -- Carol, it sounds like you are seeing encouraging things coming out of A.J. Wright and I was just wondering if you could share with us what are the metrics you are looking at for that division as you consider whether or not to go forward with more store openings and expansions there, and roughly timing if you think you would look to accelerate those openings. Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ill answer the A.J. Wright and then Im going to hand it over to Trip. As far as A.J. Wright, were just seeing constant improvement in the four-wall contribution. This year right through the second half, I think we are up over 200 basis points, which is really a vast improvement.  It doesnt mean, Kimberly, that we are going to just suddenly add on 50 stores. We are going to look at a couple of new markets for next year. We are going to probably accelerate slightly but as we always are, we are careful, conservative, and we want to see continuous results. But we are very, very pleased with what we are seeing. We just think we have a terrific team there that is really understanding the business and what needs to be done at this point.  So I think again were here half a year ago with a lot more education and a lot more knowledge. Trip, do you want to talk to the transactions?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Kimberly, so first of all to confirm, every off-price business had positive transactions, which for us is a proxy for traffic, and then the second thing is our average ticket was relatively flat for the quarter. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thank you and good luck here. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Cohen.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: I was wondering if you could break out by company as well as Marmaxx the merchandising margin versus fuel piece. And then my major question really is on HomeGoods, if you could just break out the composition of the earnings decline by pieces. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Dana, we dont usually -- we can do -- we can certainly go offline. We dont usually break down by specific company, and I will talk to HomeGoods a little bit in terms of the fuel because it did hit them hard, and then Ill turn it over to Trip.  I think with HomeGoods, I think when I talked about execution, part of the execution was in the mix. But I think part of the execution was not understanding the ramification of big furniture and the impact on fuel, so it took its toll on the HomeGoods bottom line this quarter.  They have gotten their arms around it and are getting their arms around it and I think it is an opportunity for the back half, but it did hit them extremely hard. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Dana, Ill just give you some top line merchandise margin improvements numbers -- for TJX in total, it was 80 basis points and that was after absorbing the impact of increased fuel costs on merchandise margin, which was about 20 basis points. And then at Marmaxx, the merchandise margin improvement was about 70 basis points. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: And in terms of -- it was 70 basis points after fuel?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Yes, and at HomeGoods in general, Im not going to break the number out there but in general, the fuel impacts there are at a much higher level simply because of the bulkiness of the freight that they handle and the larger number of trips that have to be made to deliver similar merchandise, so it hits harder there. And then of course the merchandise margin there was hit by markdowns, et cetera, as we -- 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Is there any way to just order of magnitude of the $7 million decline, you know, what percent was due to fuel, what percent was due to the markdowns? I mean, the business had a pretty big decline in profitability. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: A large percent was fuel, Dana. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Most of that was fuel?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: A big chunk of it. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: A big chunk was. We can detail that out for you after this call. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Black.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Carol, on Europe, do you think theres hard evidence that the businesses perform in downturns like they do over here domestically on a relative sense? And then a question for Trip as a follow-up -- is it possible next year, given all the investments, that we still see this level of stock buy-back, or do we think -- or should we assume rather that that is -- that the buy-back goes to lower levels in the $600 million range? Thanks. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Let me answer the buy-back question -- first of all, I would say the three-year plan that we put out there holds us at the $900 million a year stock buy-back level and frankly, we have no plans to change that. So I would just tell you the plan is $900 million for next year, at a minimum, and we remain committed to that.  As you know, we generate a lot of cash and we have a very aggressive -- you know, positively aggressive capital spending program and we will still have -- and a good dividend program as well, I might add. And after all of that, we still have more than enough cash to support a very healthy stock buy-back program. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of Europe, first of all T.K. has shown obviously improvement in segment profit year over year and they just have continued that trend. I think that you may -- I am sure you are aware that the U.K., the retail environment has gotten pretty tough. I think it was as much as 6% decrease, if I recall, last month in the retail sales segment. So I think -- again, I think in good times and bad times, that model is an absolutely terrific model. I think the other thing that is happening is that they are just becoming more and more known in Europe, and as we grow the businesses, as we go into Germany, just T.K. Maxx as a business is becoming again, from a marketing perspective, very, very high awareness, so I think thats a piece of it and I think that will continue.  But I think it probably reacts pretty similar to the United States in terms of the economics. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Great, thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Just a quick follow-up question -- you talked about the business internally. Could you just talk about your view on the competitive outlook? Obviously its a tough economy, a tough economic outlook for fall. You guys are bullish, you are doing very well but clearly your competitors arent. Historically in this scenario, your competitors tend to falter before you do and put pricing pressure on you guys. Do you see anything different this year, particularly with the consolidation of department stores that improved your outlook in this competitive way?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Again, Richard, were always about the difference between where our competitors are, that span. And so whether they have leaner inventories and their price point is at a certain place, were always working towards giving that great value versus them.  Im going to come back to saying if we execute well, then we do well. So I can sit there and make comments about the outside world but I really have to say that its about what we do in our business and execute every day and give the consumer a great value and thats what we are sticking to. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Very good. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adrienne Shapira.
Adrienne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Just in terms of the comp plan, it looks as if you are lapping an easier Q3 in terms of comparison, yet you are planning a more modest 2 to 3, and it sounds as if the quarter is a little bit more back-end loaded, so is that a function of perhaps the checks that we saw this quarter had some positive impact in saving a little bit in the near-term? What is driving that?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, we basically planned -- well, weve been planning the quarters pretty much around the 3 mark, so obviously we like to plan our comps conservatively and we beat them and that leverage is to the bottom line and thats our goal every quarter. But in terms of August, we are going into August with less clearance than we had last year. We also believe that we have put a lot of our marketing dollars into September because we think that the back-to-school time period will probably shift a little bit later, so thats why we have set this up strategically in the way that we have. 
Adrienne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thats helpful. That makes sense, and then just a follow-up on HomeGoods, I think you discussed the promotions. I wasnt clear who would be heading this division now. It sounds like there was a promotion out of the division, so if you could share that -- is that a spot there that has to be filled?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: No, we have filled that internally. Actually, we had somebody that was backed up quite a while ago and weve been working with that person for a long period of time. 
Ernie Herrman: But it was the COO job. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: The COO job, right. 
Adrienne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just in terms of -- you shed some light in terms of initiatives that you are focusing on to see some positive impact there. Any sense in terms of timing? Youve obviously been pretty impatient in terms of poor execution. Just any sense in terms of when we can see some lift out of HomeGoods?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I would say closer to the back-end of Q3 and I think Q4 is looking pretty good but it is not going to happen tomorrow. We have to shift some of the categories, some of the larger furniture into accent furniture, so we have a little bit of work to do. But I think well start to see progress towards the end of Q3. 
Adrienne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Dana, just to go back and partially answer your question on HomeGoods, we had a 210 basis point decline in margin in the second quarter at HomeGoods, so just to let you know about 150 of that was due to markdowns and freight and fuel impact. That just goes back to the point about cleaning up the inventory in the second quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse: Its actually Tracy Cogan filling in for Paul. I just wanted to follow-up on a previous question about A.J. and I was hoping you guys could talk more specifically about some of the initiatives in specific categories that you have put into place, particularly in homes, and how you have seen the performance improve.  And also, if you could tell us a little bit more what you are doing on the marketing side, that would help. Thanks so much. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In terms of A.J.s, we have some -- the core drivers that we look at are really accessories, shoes, juniors, young mens, kids and basics. We had home, which was an area that we felt we really needed to fix, which we believe we have. So those are the core drivers of A.J. Wright.  We are very, very focused on execution and value and in addition to that, we talked about the expansion but I think this is a very good environment for real estate opportunities for A.J.s.  In terms of the marketing, last year we were not focused I think on the right elements that drove the business. I think this year we are and I wont specifically tell you our marketing plans because of competitive reasons, but I think we understand how to get to this customer now and I think we have the right media to do that. 
Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse: Can you also talk for a second about what categories you are targeting next in terms of areas to improve?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In A.J.s?
Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse: In A.J., yes. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Its a building process. The areas that I just mentioned are key to this business and are we comping over comp. To give you an example, accessories is a 19% increase over a 5% increase last year. Footwear we had a 23% increase last year and we are very, very strong this year against those numbers. So its continuing to focus on those areas and drive them even harder. 
Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Carol, Ive been hearing the word global a lot in your prepared remarks. I just want to understand what do you see as the sales and margin opportunity as you expand globally, what are the infrastructure costs or timing, how important do you think it becomes? Thank you. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well obviously, we certainly build in the U.K. Germany, I think the U.K., our model is about 8% is our goal. We think Germany can probably range close to that, between 7% and 8%. Real estate tends to be a little less costly in Germany than it is in the U.K. But Dana, as with everything, we build our infrastructure, we are conservative. We will look at Germany, we will have 10 stores by the end of this year. Next year we may, if we trigger it a little bit harder, we are probably talking about maybe another three to five stores.  So well continue to build it, be careful, and support it but we like the global infrastructure that we are building over there which will be able to really leverage -- you know, if Germany ends up we think being 200 to 300 stores, there may be more opportunity in the future. So thats how were building it. We dont be diving into five or six more countries immediately. We think weve got quite a bit going on there now that we can build upon. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Just a question about marketing -- in your press release, you mentioned you are trying to acquire more customers. Can you talk about how you are doing that? Have you adjusted your marketing overall for the Marmaxx division? Just how you are addressing that issue. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: We will not get specific in terms of our strategy there. I can tell you that we tested many new ideas and we are -- you will look forward to seeing what is on TV in the near future because we think it really hits the heart and soul of not only our customers but new customers and this is after weve done quite a bit of testing. So you will see it in the back half and we are pretty excited about it. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, and then how about an update on the status of your non-merchandise procurement initiative?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, obviously you saw that we were able to mitigate fuel. We are just beginning, I spoke last time, we have somebody on board that has procurement directly reporting to them, so we are really just beginning that project, so we see a pretty big opportunity there. You saw some benefits in in-store labor from the Marmaxx numbers and we are working on damages -- I mean, there are many, many initiatives that we have been improving on and best practices in the DCs. That certainly helps some of our divisions in the DCs and it continues.  So its going to be a neverending project but it is certainly going to help us fuel new businesses, new ideas, supply chain, so we are reinvesting some of those dollars and some of it will go to the bottom line but this is an ongoing process. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: All my questions have been asked. Congratulations on a great quarter and congratulations to Ernie, because it sounds like hes a big [inaudible] now, and everything else I will follow-up with Sherry offline. Good luck to you guys for back to school. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from David Glick.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: My questions have mostly been asked -- just a quick one on Canada; can you give us a sense, you know, the environment there has been very strong. Can you give us a sense what your team is saying there on the ground and are there market share shifts out of department stores? You guys are obviously up against tough comparisons going forward, as you have been up against them this year, but some color on Canada would be helpful. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think with the Canadian guys, we have to kind of keep their excitement in line because again, I think we have built HomeSense, which now customers, there is such a high awareness. We think that Canada is just -- has tremendous opportunities in that theres a lot of retailers up there that are just having a very tough time. But I will come back to, and I hate to just keep saying it again and again, but Canada really has executed very well and I think they are building upon the knowledge that they have. They have tested a lot of new categories, so we believe there is still some opportunity and it will continue in Canada but its truly about execution. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Okay, great. Thanks. And any color you can give us on the mix of your new U.S. footwear concept, how you see the mix in footwear in those stores?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think youll have to shop it and youll see. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: I will do that. Thanks. Good luck. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, and we look forward to our Q3 call. Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-05-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol M. Meyrowitz - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Nirmal K. Tripathy - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Ernie Herrman - Senior Executive Vice President, President - Marmaxx
Analysts: Analyst for Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers John Morris - Wachovia Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse David Glick - Buckingham Research Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Analyst for Michelle Clark  David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the TJX Company first quarter financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for the TJX Companies Inc. Please go ahead, Madam.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and before we begin, Sherry Lang has some opening comments. 
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make today about the companys results and plans are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 26, 2008. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by the TJX Companies. Any recording, retransmission, reproduction, or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and a violation of United States Copyright and other laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third-party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript.  With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to some GAAP measures are included in todays press release posted on our website, www.tjx.com.  Thank you and now Ill turn it back to Carol. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thanks, Sherry. Good morning. Joining me on the call today with Sherry are Trip Tripathy, Jeff Naylor, and Ernie Herrman. Let me begin by saying we are very pleased with our performance in the first quarter. While the unfavorable weather in February and March hurt apparel sales and the challenges of the consumer environment did not help, we achieved these results by sharply executing the key elements of our off price business model and taking a strong strategic approach. We maintained our inventory discipline, which allowed us to mitigate our markdown risks and put us in an excellent position to take advantage of great buying opportunities in the marketplace.  When the weather turned seasonable in April, we were ready to do business. We had freshness and excitement in our stores and offered our customers great brands and great value. While we believe that there was pent-up demand, our apparel business came back stronger than we had expected and we saw traffic increase during the quarter. As a reminder, we have always said that our business is weather sensitive because we have a buy-now, wear-now customer. That said, typically the weather evens out over a give year.  I want to focus for a moment on the fact that since late 2005, we have delivered quarter on top of quarter of strong performance. We are well beyond the phase of fixing what was not working in the business and have proven the staying power of our strategies.  While the numbers speak for themselves, I want to spend some time on this call sharing with you what is harder to see from the outside. As we have been delivering consistently strong performance, we have simultaneously been pursuing new growth opportunities and building and developing our organization to support that growth.  First, however, lets recap the consolidated numbers; net sales for the first quarter increased to $4.4 billion, 6% above last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased 3% over last year, slightly below our plans. Foreign currency exchange rates benefited comp sales by 1.5 percentage points, which was about what we had expected. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.43 this quarter. This result includes a tax benefit of $0.02 per share, which Trip will discuss in a moment. Last years results include a $0.03 per share charge related to the computer intrusion. Excluding these items, our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.41 or 11% above last year and at the high-end of our range, despite our slightly reduced comp.  Overall, pretax profit was 6.6%, just slightly below plan. Excluding the intrusion charge taken in the first quarter last year, pretax profit margins were 30 basis points below prior year, due to a slightly lower gross profit margin and reduced interest income versus last year.  Gross profit margin was 24%, which was 10 basis points below last year. Through solid execution of our off-price fundamentals, merchandise margins increased 30 basis points in a challenging retail environment and over strong increases last year. This would have been even stronger were it not for the increases in fuel costs. In addition, investments in our European business and deleverage from buying and occupancy costs offset the merchandise margin gains.  With all of this, we held segment profit margin flat to last year at 7.4% on what was essentially a 2% comp without currency. Trip will provide more details on this later.  SG&A expense was flat to last year as we gained leverage on the 2% comp without currency due to effective expense management. In terms of inventories, at the end of the first quarter consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 3%. We exited the quarter with very clean inventories and more open to buy than at this time last year. We continue to be in an excellent position to capitalize upon a marketplace that is certainly full of opportunities.  Now to our divisional results, lets begin with our domestic concepts. At the Marmaxx group, our largest division, comp sales were up 1%, segment profit was $278 million, up 2% over prior year, and segment profit was 9.9, down 10 basis points from prior year.  Marmaxx achieved its 9.9 segment profit despite a 1 comp increase which speaks to its strong merchandise margins and expense control. Merchandise margins increased 10 basis points and were it not for increased fuel costs on freight, would have increased 20 basis points. We attribute our strong merchandise margins to very solid execution by the Marmaxx organization. As much as the cold weather in February and March hurt apparel sales, the warm weather boosted business in April. We navigated through the volatility by maintaining lean inventories, remaining flexible and taking advantage of buying opportunities. In this way, we mitigated our markdown risks and improved mark-on in a challenging retail environment. We are making amazing deals and are very encouraged by the amount and the scope of product, from the high-end to the moderate product.  Some quick highlights on categories: dresses continued to be exceptional, with a double-digit comp increase over huge increase last year, which bodes very well for the summer selling season. We also are very pleased with the continued strong performance of our mega shoe shop and customer response to the cube at Marshalls. Accessory also continued to perform well above the chain during the quarter. As to home fashions at Marmaxx, while comps were down 4%, we lowered our inventory levels and are identifying areas that are working. We seeing faster turns and greatly improved gross margins. We are beginning to see positive comps in several areas and are strategically building inventory in those categories.  Now to HomeGoods; comp sales at HomeGoods increased by 2% in the first quarter. Segment profit was $9 million and segment profit margin was 2.4%, which was lower than last year and our plan. HomeGoods flowed in an exciting mix during the first quarter. In April, we were pleased that HomeGoods did well, as they were up against one of their highest comps comparisons for the year.  From a bottom line perspective, HomeGoods really felt the negative impact of rising fuel costs to a greater extent than our other divisions, [due to] the higher costs for shipping home product. We have initiatives in place to mitigate the freight impact and expect improvement in the back half.  Its important to note that while the weak environment never helps, we do not attribute HomeGoods shortfall in the first quarter to the weak home environment that other retailers are feeling.  We continue to offer customers an exciting treasure hunt for unique home dcor at compelling value. As we begin the summer sealing season, we like the freshness in our stores and the product in our pipeline and we are seeing nice momentum in the business.  Moving to A.J. Wright, where we saw tremendous progress in the first quarter. Comp sales increased 6%, which was above our plan. On the bottom line, A.J. Wright was close to breaking even, which was significantly better than last year. We were very encouraged by the quarter and the strong April sales at A.J. Wright and we are feeling very good about this business for the following reasons.  Customer traffic increased significantly as A.J. Wright builds its customers base and brand awareness. We have made key investments in order to operationally strengthen our infrastructure. In terms of the organization, we are in a great place with a team of A players on board. We continue to see good results in the categories where we have focused our attention. We feel much better about our marketing campaign and believe our new techniques are driving customer traffic. We were also very encouraged by the improvement we saw in A.J.s store contributions, which was up 200 basis points. As weve said before, improvement in this metric is key to accelerating our rollout of new stores.  In terms of store growth at A.J. Wright, in 2008 our plans call for netting five stores. We will continue to fill in existing markets but as we believe this business is in a very good place, we are considering opening one or two of these stores in new markets. As we have said previously, we will proceed prudently as this business gains traction.  Longer term, we continue to view A.J. Wright as holding enormous growth potential for our company.  Finally on our domestic divisions, at Bobs Stores comp sales decreased 3% in the first quarter. In terms of bottom line results, Bobs Stores segment loss was equal to last year. We believe their performance in the first quarter was completely a weather story. With a store base concentrated in the Northeast, Bobs Stores was disproportionately hurt by the unseasonable weather during the first part of the quarter. Here again we were pleased to see sales increase dramatically when the weather warmed up in April.  Now to our international division, which continues to be exceptionally strong. Lets start with Canada, where first quarter performance at Winners and HomeSense was truly outstanding. For the first quarter, comp sales in Canada increased 20% in U.S. dollars and increased 4% in local currency, which we believe better reflects our operating performance. Segment profit was $41 million, which was well above plan, and segment profit margin increased 160 basis points to 8.4%.  Our Canadian division achieved these great results through excellent execution of our off-price fundamentals. The Winners organization did a tremendous job of maintaining flexibility in its inventory position, find the right fashion at the right time, and flowing great brands at exciting prices to our stores.  Our HomeSense business continues to perform very well and is making strong top line and bottom line contributions. Winners and HomeSense both have great momentum going into the second quarter.  Moving to our European businesses, we are very excited with the progress we have made in the first quarter. Beginning with T.K. Maxx in the U.K. and Ireland, first quarter comps increased 6% in U.S. dollars and increased 5% in local currency, which again we believe better reflects our operating performance.  Segment profit in Europe in the first quarter decreased to $1 million from $5 million last year. Excluding investment in our new European businesses, segment profit was $7 million, up by a strong 62%, and segment profit margin increased 50 basis points to 1.5%, both above our plan and over strong increases last year.  T.K. Maxx continues to achieve remarkable results over strong comparisons in the U.K. and Ireland in the face of a challenging retail environment in those markets. I will say it again -- its about execution. The flexibility and resiliency of our business model is hard to beat, even when times get tough.  In our T.K. Maxx stores in Germany, we are seeing inventory turns in our German stores that took us 14 years to reach in the U.K. This gives us great confidence that the German consumer is really getting our concept. Since our last conference call, we opened one additional store in Germany and again saw exceptional turns. We now have a total of six stores in Germany and by year-end plan to have a total of 10 stores in that country.  We are also excited about our launch of HomeSense in the U.K. As we introduce the concept of off-price home fashions to that country, our first two openings were very strong and we plan to have a total of five HomeSense stores in the U.K. by year-end. It is very early but the early response was beyond what we had anticipated. I will speak more about the European expansion in a moment.  At the top of this call, I said I was going to talk to some important things that are happening at TJX that may not be so visible. While we are busy executing extremely well on a day-to-day basis and delivering strong results, there is a great deal going on at TJX to position us for the future.  Its important for everyone to understand that we do not view ourselves as a mature company. Our vision for TJX is simple -- maximize and expand our concept globally; in other words, to be a global off-price value company. We have plentiful opportunities to grow domestically and internationally and we have solid strategies in place to achieve our goals.  Unlike most retailers, we have developed organizations in several European countries, including the U.K., Germany, and Italy, which is a tremendous advantage in terms of future growth. Ultimately, we believe we can grow to more than 4,300 stores with our current portfolio in the countries where we currently operate.  Let me share with you some key points. First is the flexibility of our business model which allows us to change with the taste of the consumer. Our entrepreneurial spirit is strong and we are taking intelligent risk and testing new ideas to change it up for our customers. We are well-positioned to attract a broad range of customers from the high, medium, and lower income demographic. We have great potential to grow domestically and in Canada, including unit growth and expanding into larger footprints.  As we have discussed on our prior calls, we now believe we have the potential to grow our Marmaxx division by 400 additional stores. We are growing HomeGoods this year by 25 stores and believe the U.S. can hold about 550 to 600 HomeGoods stores. Also, as I mentioned earlier, we are feeling good about A.J. Wright and view this concept as a major growth vehicle for TJX in the U.S.  In Canada, as we have discussed, we are starting a new concept later this year.  Now I want to talk about our European growth opportunity, so that you really understand the potential that we see through our future. With a population close to that of the U.S., Europe can support thousands of stores and there is no competitors who can offer the value that we provide on the scale upon which we can provide it. Its important to remember that weve built very successful businesses in Canada, the U.K., and Ireland, where other retailers have failed. And as I just mentioned, we are more pleased with the response from the German customers. We know how to do this.  Theres another important point that Id like to make here, and that is that Marmaxx, our cash engine that is funding our growth. While Marmaxx may be generating low single digit comps, it consistently performs as increased merchandise margins and throws off enormous cash. We do not take our eyes off the core business for one moment. We will continue to execute at Marmaxx while we pursue what we see as tremendous growth opportunities internationally.  More specifically, we believe that Germany with is population of $82 million holds the potential for 250 to 300 T.K. Maxx stores. In the U.K. and Ireland, we believe we have the potential to grow HomeSense to 100 to 150 store chain. We also have opportunities to expand in the U.K. and Ireland with larger footprints T.K. Maxx stores.  Longer term in Europe, we see more opportunities for expansion into new markets.  To support our European growth, we have been doing a lot of strengthening up of our organization and infrastructure. We have dedicated significant resources to recruiting and in hiring the best of the best. We also have a new European shared service structure in order to support our new businesses as they grow. This new structure will allow us to leverage our business for the future across all of Europe.  Building the team and developing the organization is one of my favorite priorities. We are funding new talent at the corporate level and have added a new Senior Vice President Procurement Director since our last call. We have also added several new merchants, creating a great balance between new ideas and in-depth off-price knowledge. We are also putting great emphasis on training future merchandise executives.  I am very excited about our newly enhanced training program for merchants. This is a world-class, comprehensive program to support the development of people and talent for the future and our focus is on both the short-term and the long-term.  Finally, I think its important to share with you how we approach growth. Our strategy is to be very methodical and I view myself as a builder. We are evolutionary, not revolutionary. We do a lot of testing, going step by step to build our businesses gradually to ensure that our foundation is secure, the infrastructure is strong, and we have clear visibility into financial returns before we accelerate growth while at the same time we make sure that we are not too risk adverse.  We believe that this measured approach to grow combined with intelligent risk taking will continue to serve us well.  Now to our financial strength, which is the solid foundation that supports our plans for the future growth. We continued to generate significant amounts of cash from our strong operations in the first quarter. We remain committed to our share buy-back program as an excellent way to return value to shareholders and in the first quarter, we repurchased $225 million of TJX stock, retiring 7 million shares. It remains our plan to repurchase at least $900 million of TJX stock in fiscal 2009. Additionally, in April we raised the dividend payment by 22% over the last dividend paid.  Moving to guidance for the second quarter and the full year -- beginning with the second quarter, we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.42. This compares to $0.13 in diluted earnings per share in the prior year, which includes $0.25 per share intrusion charge. Including this charge, our guidance represents a 5% to 11% increase over the adjusted $0.38 per share in the prior year. This outlook is based upon estimated consolidated comparable store sales growth of approximately 3%.  While we believe these are prudent goals for the second quarter, I can tell you that we are motivated to surpass them and may have gotten off to a very good start.  For the full fiscal 2009 year, we are maintaining our diluted EPS range of $2.20 to $2.25, including the benefit of the 53rd week. This range represents a 33% to 36% increase over reported EPS of $1.66 in the prior year, which includes a $0.25 per share charge related to the previously announced computer intrusions.  Excluding the 53rd week impact and the prior years intrusion charge, our guidance is in the range of $2.11 to $2.16, a 10% to 13% increase over the adjusted $1.91 earned last year. I should note that while the $0.02 tax benefit in the first quarter does flow to the full year, with only one quarter behind us we are not updating our fiscal year guidance at this time.  Summing up, let me recap the reasons for our confidence and our continued successful growth of TJX. First, our strong performance over the past two years plus demonstrates our ability to drive consistent and sustained earnings growth. At the same time, we remain focused on reducing costs and are reinvesting for the future.  Second, we have one of the most flexible business models in the world and can respond and evolve along with our customers changing tastes.  Third, we have huge opportunities to grow both domestically and internationally. Our new European businesses are off to a truly terrific start.  Fourth, we have a strong management team in place that combines TJX experience with new talent and we are developing a worldwide organization to support that growth.  Fifth, we are building platforms step by step both structurally and organizationally to support our growth and at the same time taking intelligent risk.  And lastly, we continue to leverage our no-walls policy across divisions where ideas, initiatives, and best practices are bin shared. We continue with our mantra of execution, execution, execution to drive profitable sales growth. We are very excited about our opportunities and we believe we have solid strategies to support our growth.  I would like to say that we are proud to have ranked number 132 in the most recent Fortune 500 rankings. Among all of the 500 companies listed, TJX ranked number 89 in total return to shareholders over the last 10 years and number 44 in return on equity and number 64 in return on assets.  I look forward to updating you on our progress in the second quarter and now Id like to turn it over to Trip. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Thank you, Carol and good morning, everyone. Before I outline our plans for the second quarter and full year, let me provide some detail on first quarter earnings results. First, a brief comment on the tax benefit of $12 million. This is a reduction in the tax reserves established under FASB interpretation 48 accounting for uncertain tax positions, which we did not anticipate when we entered the first quarter and updated our guidance in April. The benefit to EPS rounded to $0.02.  Next, some additional color on our EPS results -- we delivered solid EPS growth despite a tough retail environment and increased cost pressures, notably fuel. Our operating businesses held a flat consolidated segment profit margin despite a comp that ex currency was 2% and increased fuel costs and investments in new businesses, which combined cost us about 25 basis points.  These increased costs were offset by other improvements in our merchandise margin, as well as expense control.  While pretax profit margin was down 30 basis points, it was just slightly below plan and on a segment basis, is virtually all due to corporate expense and interest income. Corporate expense was up $8 million versus last year, primarily due to the timing of expenses last year. If we look at fiscal years 2007 and 2006, this years numbers are very much in line with those levels.  Interest income was down this year due to unusually large cash balances last year which, as you will recall, was due to suspension of the buy-back. This year we are buying back stock, have less cash, and therefore less interest income but are seeing a significant EPS lift in the share count which more than offset the lost interest income.  So once again, we are very pleased with these results.  Now to guidance -- for the second quarter of fiscal 2009, the company expects earnings per share in the range of $0.40 to $0.42, which represents a 5% to 11% increase over the adjusted $0.38 per share in the prior year. We are assuming a second quarter top line of approximately $4.6 billion, which a comp sales increase of approximately 3% on a consolidated basis, which includes approximately 50 basis points due to foreign exchange and a 2% comp sales increase at the Marmaxx group.  For the months of May, June, and July, we are planning for consolidated comp sales increases in the range of 1% to 2% in May, 3% in June, and 3% in July. For Marmaxx, we are planning on comp sales increase of flat to 1% in May, 2% in June, and 2% to 3% in July.  Pretax profit margins are planned in the 6.5% to 6.7% range, flat to down 20 basis points versus the prior year, primarily due to our investments in new European businesses, which we will begin to anniversary in the third quarter. Excluding these investments, we plan the business down 10 to up 10 basis points on a 2% to 3% comp ex currency.  For modeling purposes, we are planning a tax rate of approximately 38.7% and weighted average outstanding shares of $447 million, and interest expense of $3 million this year versus income of $1 million last year, a 10 basis point increase.  For the full fiscal 2009 year, as Carol discussed, we are maintaining our EPS range of $2.20 to $2.25, including the benefit of the 53rd week. Excluding the 53rd week impact and the prior years intrusion charge, our guidance is in the range of $2.11 to $2.16, a 10% to 13% increase over the adjusted $1.91 earned last year.  Again, while the $0.02 tax benefit in the first quarter does flow to the full year, with only one quarter behind us we are not updating our fiscal year guidance at this time. We are confident in our ability to achieve 10% to 13% EPS growth. Again, we have set prudent goals for the second quarter. It is also important to note that again, in the third quarter we will begin to anniversary the investments in our European businesses, which is contemplated in our guidance. And as Carol said, May is off to a good start.  To keep the call on schedule, we ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thank you and we will take questions now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Brian Tunick. Please go ahead. 
Analyst for Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : Good morning. Its [Evelyn Copelman] for Brian. Our question is about comp growth at Marmaxx. Looking at the past three quarters, its been relatively weak and your guidance for the second quarter at 2% is better than Q1 and the past three quarters, despite tougher comparisons. So if you could talk a little bit about maybe the challenges for comp growth, aside from weather, that youve seen over the past three quarters and maybe your confidence about the second quarter comps, that would be great. Thank you.
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well first of all, Marmaxx, their merchandise margins have been very, very strong and their segment profit has been very strong. We have basically been keeping Marmaxx between planning at a 2 comp for the year, you know, leveraging the bottom line pretty strong. And Ill have Ernie talk a little bit to it but we are feeling pretty good about Marmaxx. 
Ernie Herrman: I think the -- we had a decent fourth quarter I think where the sales were kind of in line with the second quarter guidance here. I think what happens is part of this weather issue that we ran into in first quarter, we anticipate that that kind of comes out of the equation. I think Carol mentioned before that over the course of the year, that always evens out and I think in second quarter, we anticipate that a lot of the exciting deals that also I think Carol mentioned in the release here are going to take place, so thats one reason were feeling like its still a prudent guidance, even though we are up against a decent number last year. But I think we are pretty optimistic, given a lot of the buys that weve made recently. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think we are positioned very well and as you can see in April when the weather broke, Marmaxx had a huge comp and very strong apparel sales. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everybody. Can you talk a little bit about the levers of merchandise margin improvement? How are you seeing it, how does it vary by division? And also, the strength in Europe, Carol, what are you seeing there in terms of traffic and just the assortment there versus what you have here? How are you looking at it? Thank you. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, in terms of margin, actually we have margin improvement pretty much across the board. Some pretty staggering results in Winners, Marmaxx being very strong, T. K. -- I mean, we can give you -- Trip can give you that specific numbers sort of offline but really very, very strong across the board. So we are, as you can see, very open to buy, very liquid, and truly taking advantage out there. So we are positioned extremely well.  I am very happy to say that our traffic for the quarter was up, which bodes very well for the future as well as our transactions being up, traffic being up, and our average basket being slightly up. Weve also introduced our TJX credit card, which seems to be stimulating additional traffic, which again is going to be very strong for the future. So we are feeling pretty positive about that.  Dana, what was your second question? I apologize. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: The international business, the assortment there, perhaps in Germany and the U.K., how it differs from the U.S. and the buys there?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, Germany is off to an amazing start. I mean, if I say that we are turning the German business as fast as the U.K. business and it took us many, many years to be able to achieve those kinds of turns. We have a very solid team. We have over 14 people established in Germany that are buying predominantly German product. In addition, that German product is working very well in the U.K. So its really helping both businesses. The U.K. buyers buying for Germany and the German buyers buying for the U.K. and they really take the best of the best vendors. So its opened many, many doors for us. The other piece that is pretty exciting is the vendor community is very, very open to us and excited about us entering that market, so we havent had any barriers there. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Slater with Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Hello, everybody. My one question is on A.J. Wright, since it has such potential to really move the needle and you have a positive $4 million profit swing there and youve done a lot to enhance the management team with a lot of like A level merchants and you targeted a number of areas. Im just wondering if you could talk about what those targeted investments are yielding, what has to happen next for you to consider this more aggressive rollout? Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, as I said before, this is really the first time that we are sort of opening the door to looking at some additional markets and as we said, we are -- our performance, our four-wall performance has increased dramatically over 200%, so we are starting to look at that right now. The areas that we focus on -- accessories, shoes, juniors, young mens, and kids, are all very, very strong. Our customer count is way up, our turns are better, so we are starting to feel pretty good about this business and are evaluating it and are expanding and looking at some additional markets.  Again, we will be very opportunistic in terms of the real estate, which I think today is very interesting because there are a lot of doors shutting, which may give us some opportunities that we may not have had a year or two ago, so we are wide open for this. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with KCIT. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Good morning. Its Kimberly Greenberger from Citigroup. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I thought you were from Citigroup, Kimberly. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Fuel costs, you mentioned some initiatives to offset rising fuel costs. When do you expect those to kick in and secondarily, Trip, if you could give us a little bit more detail on the breakout on the gross margin, how much did buying and occupancy delever, what was the deleverage due to the European investment and then the fuel cost component? That would be great. Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: First of all, Kimberly, weve really been able to mitigate the fuel. As you can see, weve done a great job in terms of managing expenses. We have -- we are looking at many areas in terms of fuel and our network, how we deliver to the stores, the timing of the way we deliver to our stores, so I think we will see a little bit of -- well have a little bit of an advantage in the second quarter in terms of mitigating it and I think in the back half, well see a little bit more, especially in home goods where there are very strong initiatives in place, and Trip will go through the numbers with you. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: So Kimberly, you asked about gross profit and buying and occupancy, deleverage, et cetera. So first of all, gross profit was down 10 basis points through last year as we mentioned, and between buying and occupancy deleverage and investments in the new businesses, you are looking at about 25 basis points there, along with some other expenses, which obviously drove it to almost 40 basis points. But that was more than offset by 30 basis points in merchandise margin improvement and I would just point out that the merchandise margin number included the impact of fuel costs, so frankly the merchandise margin performance was even better and helped to offset the fuel costs.  So overall, I think we are very pleased with our offsets that weve been able to achieve on the cost lines on gross profit in particular, and then in addition, SG&A was flat to last year which once again, we are very pleased about. We talked earlier about segment profit being flat, once again very pleased about that, and interest went the other way once again as we mentioned, about 10 basis points. So that helped us, although we were 30 basis points below last year we were just slightly below plan and overall, thats the reason we are feeling good about the quarter. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks and good luck here in the second quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Cohen. Please go ahead. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: If you could just clarify a bit on the corporate expense, the timing issue and how we should think about it as we move through the year. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: If you go back to 06 and 07, as I mentioned, youd see we are about in the $30 million range on corporate expense. And then what happened in 08 was we had a number of things going on, some of it timing of some corporate expenses and thats primarily the reason why we had about a $10 million swing in that year.  You will see we are back to -- I hate to call it a normal level but we are certainly up to a more normal level this year at $31 million, and thats after making various investments in talent and training and other things that Carol had talked about. And then you will see in our second quarter guidance, we are really back to a year ago.  So I would just call it out as an anomaly, if you would, last year and a reduction because of various factors but I think we are just back to a more normal level right now. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Dana, in addition we had several high level openings that we again, you know, filling in our talent -- a director for Germany, two GM [mems] in HomeGoods, relocations, our Chief Procurement Officer, so we had a lot of that spread out through the year but of course we -- again, we were able to find some terrific talent that really came in in the first quarter and those positions are filled, and that is also part of the corporate expense. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: And Dana, just to talk to timing, if you look at full-year last year, you will see we were about flat to the prior year. 
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Got it. Okay. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: -- its a timing issue in the first quarter last year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Black. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I guess just a couple of longer term questions on Europe, since you called it out so much. On sales, how fast are we talking about ramping Europe up? I mean, what do we look like in terms of percent of sales contribution in 2010, 2011 for example?  On expenses, I know you just talked short-term but is there going to be an impact longer term as we look at ramping up that division? And finally on the operating margin, is there anything structural over there that would lead us to a lower operating margin than we are used to at the Marmaxx division, or do you think that sort of 10-ish rate is possible over in Europe over time? Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, first of all with Europe, and Im going to say that we are surprised at the response in Germany and in HomeSense. We werent expecting that to happen quite as quickly. We have put out there and we have thought in our model that we would start to break even or make money in year four. We probably see that happening earlier than that. We are obviously because of this going to sit down and strategically looking at it as we are building in a shared service structure that is going to answer number two, which we think is really going to leverage the combination of HomeSense, Germany, and the U.K.  So are we going to hit a 10%? You know, I dont think well hit a 10% but I can tell you that we are probably in the 8 range and we are also seeing some interesting things happening on the rent side of the business, where we are seeing -- where we used to have caps. We are taking advantage of some situations in the U.K. now and German real estate is less costly than the U.K. real estate.  So we will probably look to get more aggressive in terms of adding stores and we do see the profit bottom line probably accelerating faster than we had thought previously. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Morris. Please go ahead. 
John Morris - Wachovia: Thanks. Congratulations on a great quarter. A question relating to advertising, Carol, in terms of your marketing approaching. You all have been doing some pretty creative things in the past and Im wondering if you can update us on some of your marketing and advertising initiatives on a go-forward basis and if there is a change year over year in spending there. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: In dollars, we are slightly up. We think again we are using our dollars more wisely. Each division is a little bit different and in A.J. Wright, we have dramatically changed. Last year we were on television and this year we are not, but we found a great approach to get to our consumer and its really working. I really cannot go into detail because these are really obviously trade secrets.  And in Marmaxx, weve been testing again targeting a little bit different and we are pretty excited about it and we are going to be rolling out some things in the back half that we are finding are working in the first half, so weve taken a group of markets and we are experimenting. And as Ive said before, with John Gilbert on board, he is really helping us to target a lot better. So weve been pretty aggressive but the first half and really the first quarter was about learning are these things going to work. We are finding some things that are working and then we will start rolling it out in the back half. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez. Please go ahead. 
Tracy Cogan - Credit Suisse: Its Tracy [Cogan] filling in for Paul. I was hoping you guys could give us a little more color on the SG&A line. How were you able to do better than plan this quarter? And if there are initiatives in place or continuing initiatives as the year progresses, if you could detail those. Thanks. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Ill have Trip talk to the SG&A but we have many, many initiatives. Again, our Chief Procurement Office is on board and weve probably seen non-merchandise procurement as one of the earlier quick ways of us finding some low hanging fruit -- supply chain, in-store labor, and markdown optimization will probably be a little bit longer term but I think well have some quick wins earlier on. And Trip, the SG&A. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: So SG&A first quarter, as I mentioned, was flat to last year and we are sort of expecting that in the second quarter as well. And I would just say I think the divisions are doing a great job of controlling expenses. Its a combination of short-term, tighten-the-belt stuff but also as weve talked previously, both short-term and long-term, more programmed initiatives, like the non-merchandise procurement fees, like store payroll, the longer term initiatives around supply chain.  So I think what you are seeing is some of those programmed initiatives kicking in and helping to offset risings costs but also short-term as you would expect, tighten-the-belt stuff taking place at the divisions and corporate, and thats what generate the SG&A results. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Glick. Please go ahead. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research : Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. Carol, just to follow-up on Marmaxx, the home business, it seems like the turnaround of that business is really key to sustaining the momentum in that division and youve made some progress over the last couple of months. Can you give us a little more specifics on whats working, whats not working, the mix changes there? Does that help you or hurt you from a margin perspective in terms of the mix of those business? Because you can see some variation within the home store. Just some color on that would be helpful. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Okay, well, David, Ill have Ernie comment. Just overall, they have brought their inventories down as we strategized it and the turns in our home are a lot stronger. They are very, very focused on bringing fresh new product and I think if you walk the stores today, its a lot more exciting and there are certainly places that we are seeing it working. We will start to strategically invest more inventory.  Weve also tested our new home prototype and Ernie can talk a little bit more about that. 
Ernie Herrman: Yes, David, as Carol was saying, I think one of the keys has been were a little more eclectic in the mix today than we were. We are more assorted. We are not -- really we dont have a lot of looks that we had a year ago and that was one of our problems with the execution. So we are seeing better turns obviously on less inventory and thats really the first sign of help we wanted to see. I think, as Carol also mentioned, we are surgically going in at certain categories and putting back some more inventory and buying more goods where we are having success. So there are some categories there, which I wouldnt want to give you specifics on, but that we are going to chase over the next quarter because we are getting some good reads.  As far as the new prototype goes, weve tried that in a few stores and a little early to read results but that combined with the mix seems to be like its a positive direction for us, and so I think we will continue on that path. The first primary mission here is to make sure the mix is more exciting than it has been in the path and were feeling pretty good about it. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research : Whats a reasonable amount of timeframe to get this business back to break-even, flat comp and hopefully moving into positive territory?
Ernie Herrman: Well, I would tell you, David, that actually what we are seeing now -- in this business, when you are seeing turns kick in the way it is, the customer is voting that they are liking now what they see out there. Weve had less inventory so Im seeing right now the sign of heading already in the right direction. By the way, we talked about this last fall, we were hoping to get to this point and I would say over the next six months-ish, I think we will be getting better comps out of the area. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research : Great. Thanks very much. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Jaffe. Please go ahead. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus : Thanks very much. A follow-on question, I guess, about Europe; in the past, weve heard about what Europe has taught you, particularly the U.K. business and bringing footwear into Marshalls, some other learnings. Are there other things that we can -- that you guys have gleaned from Europe that will apply to the Marmaxx business to help that grow and are there other initiatives within the Marmaxx box like Runway and Cube that we can look forward to in the current year?
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Well, I think we have quite a few initiatives in Marmaxx in place now and I think as far as initiatives go, the go both ways across the ocean. The U.K. is just getting into jewelry and their accessory business is huge. Marmaxx has many, many tests underway and are in process of a new home prototype, the Cube, which is going to be over 300 and hasnt even launched yet, which we are seeing positive results. And there are many other categories that we are testing new things in and Ernie, you want to comment? Because I think theres a lot of new things going on in Marmaxx. 
Ernie Herrman: Yeah, I think within the business, we still feel very good obviously about our accessory business. I think that was mentioned earlier, so were looking at different ways to accelerate that. As far as some of the other little test, I would hesitate to comment on any specifics at this point, as some of the results are too early to talk about, I think.  Certain ends of the fashion business obviously -- you know, were feeling pretty good about our mens business and there were certain pockets of opportunity there. And I think the shoe mega rollout we will continue with aggressively. I think you guys are already aware of that.  So as Carol would say, its marketing -- I think one of the big takeaways, I dont know if Carol touched on this a little earlier, is one of the big attitudes, the strategies we have in Marmaxx right now is looking at marketing where we actually get the results. And John Gilbert, who is on board right now, is really helping us with our finance area to determine where we get a pay-back, you have to be a little careful on this front because there is a bit of an art-form involved in marketing, but that to us is an initiative in itself, which is taking the marketing spend that we already have in place and being more efficient and more productive with it. So I think that could be a key -- a key [change] for us really down the road here this year and I think we can get some big payback. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: I think the other piece is in terms of home, the divisions are all working very close together and that is really terrific shared knowledge, which I think is helping Marmaxx get back on track in home. You know, Winners business is very strong and HomeGoods has a lot going on, so they are spending a lot more time together, which I think is helping all the businesses. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus : Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michelle Clark. Please go ahead. 
Analyst for Michelle Clark : Its actually [Chi Li] calling. Two quick questions on Germany, the first is can you quantify what the negative margin impact was from the German stores in the quarter? And second, in order to break even in Germany, how many stores do you need? Thanks. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Germany was about 10 basis points impact on margin. And for the second quarter, we expect that to be about the same, a little more. What was your other question?
Analyst for Michelle Clark : The second question was how many stores in Germany do you need to start to break-even.
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Oh, I see. Okay. Well, right now all I can tell you is we have a three-year plan that projects, with the addition of about five stores a year, projects a break-even at the end of year three. Thats the model we have out there. Obviously we will do our best to outperform that. 
Analyst for Michelle Clark : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Mann. Please go ahead. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Thank you. In terms of gross margin, can you update your full year guidance for gross margin and also provide what you expect the gross margin range to be for Q2? And then in light of that, can you just also talk about the prospect for continuing merchandise margin growth as your compares get a little tougher in the rest of the year?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Well, the full-year guidance right now, which obviously we havent changed, is still at 10 to 20 basis points above last year, so weve got a gross profit right now in the plan which is a low of 24.6 to 24.7, versus 24.5 last year. So since we are just -- were not changing our guidance. Thats what the numbers are at this point in time.  And as far as merchandise margin goes, we will just continue to be focused on driving that as we have been for many quarters now. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: David, some of the opportunities we still have, obviously now and in the back half and even coming up against a stronger second quarter, is we are much more liquid. We are very strategic seasonally and transitioning our businesses, and we see opportunity there. In addition, we are getting better and better on the supply chain in terms of customization and what goes to what stores and how we transition each store. So we still see some pretty good opportunity on the merchandise margin side of the business.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: And the second quarter gross margin expectation?
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Second quarter gross margin right now what weve got is a flat to minus 10, and keep in mind -- and the actual numbers are 23.9% to 24% versus 24% last year. And I would just ask you to keep in mind that we are continuing to face to a greater degree in the second quarter than the first the impact of fuel costs on merchandise margin, as well as the investments in the new businesses and buying and occupancy deleverage. So I think at the high end, a flat gross profit would be -- is what we are shooting for with all these [cons to the upset]. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: And our goal is certainly to beat that. 
Nirmal K. Tripathy: Absolutely. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That was our last question and that does conclude todays conference call. Please go ahead and disconnect at this time. 
Carol M. Meyrowitz: Thank you very much and we look forward to the second quarter call.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz  President, Chief Executive Officer Ernie Herrman  Senior Executive Vice President, President  The Marmaxx Group Jeffrey G. Naylor  Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Business Development Officer Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Sherry Lang, Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations
Analysts: Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates Jeff Black  Lehman Brothers Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets Brian Tunick  J. P. Morgan Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities Kristina Westura  Telsey Advisory Group David Glick  Buckingham Research Group David Mann  Johnson Rice and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The TJX Companies fourth quarter and year-end financial results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time if you have a question you will need to press *1.  As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded Wednesday, February 20th, 2008. I would like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for The TJX Companies, Inc. Please go ahead, Maam.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you. Good morning. Before I begin Sherry has a statement to make.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements (inaudible) that could cause the actual results and the implementation of the companys plans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the companys SEC filings, including without limitation the Form 10K filed March 28th, 2007, and Form 10Q filed August 24th, 2007.  Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrighted today by The TJX Company. Any recording, rebroadcast, reproduction or other use of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX is prohibited and in violation of United States copyright laws.  Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of a transcript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. With respect to the non-GAAP measures we discuss today, reconciliations to GAAP measures are included in todays press release posted on our website, www.tjx.com. The numbers we discuss today are from continuing operations.  Thank you, and now Ill turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz: Good morning. Joining me on the call today are Jeff Naylor, Trip Tripathy, Ernie Herrman, and Sherry Lang. Trip will be handling the financial questions today. So let me begin by saying that we did extremely well in 2007 and I am very proud of our performance. I believe the strategies we put in place yielded strong results in a challenging retail environment. Having said that, we believe our strong execution would have lead to even stronger results in a more robust environment.  Our adjusted pre-tax profit margin, excluding the intrusion charges, was the highest we have achieved in six years and the highest of all but two years in the companys history. Merchandise margins were extremely strong and drove virtually all of the adjusted profit margin improvement.  With solid expense control we maintained slack SG&A on a consolidated cost that, excluding two percentage points of foreign currency exchange rates, was up 2%.Further, we achieved a flat SG&A despite our planned increase in marketing investment and certain one-time items. All of this leads to our delivering a 17% increase in ETS on an adjusted basis over a very strong increase in the prior year.  We achieved these results by keeping to our very focused goal of driving profitable sales. Driving profitable sales has been, is, and will continue to be our number one goal and our mantra. I want to make sure that everyone understands that, while we have a wonderful business model that helps us to combat a weak retail environment, we know that at the end of the day its about driving sales.  People ask us all the time about how we change our strategies to address the weak environment. The answer is simple: we dont. We stay focused on executing the fundamentals of our off-price business model, which is one of the most flexible business models in the world.  The greatest risk to our success would be our missing on execution. In over 30 years we have seen only one comp decline and have posted comp sales increases even during recession. I want to be clear on something, however: while we can hold our own and do better than most in tough environments we always prefer and we indeed do better when the consumer is strong. Our strong performance in 2007 was all about our persistent pursuit of our fundamentals. We were extremely disciplined in managing our inventories, which gave us the flexibility to chase market opportunities and slow great brands to our stores. At the same time, we took intelligent risks, we tested new ideas and new initiatives. We also improved our marketing and I still believe we have more opportunity. Further, we remain focused on expense control, which supported our increased marketing investment and the improved the bottom line. Looking ahead, we view ourselves as a global off-price value company with tremendous growth opportunities I will discuss later on in the call. Now to recap the consolidated numbers on a continuing operations basis beginning with the full year. Consolidated net sales for the 52-week fiscal year increased to $18.6 billion, 17% above last years $17.4 billion. Consolidated comp store sales for the full year increased by 4%, which was above planned and over a 4% increase last year. As I mentioned, foreign currency exchange rates benefitted comp sales by two percentage points. Full year diluted EPS was $1.66 compared with $1.63 on a reported basis last year, a 2% increase. Results were negatively impacted by charges from the previously announced computer intrusion, which totalled $119 million after tax or $0.25 per share this year and $3 million after tax last year. On an adjusted basis, excluding these charges from the respective periods, fully diluted EPS was $1.91, up 17% over last year. Our overall pre-tax profit margin for the year was down 50 basis points to 6.7% and excluding the intrusion charges was up 50 basis points to 7.7%, driven primarily by merchandise margin improvement. Now to recap fourth quarter results. In the fourth quarter we achieved a 23% adjusted EPS increase, including the intrusion charges, again over a very solid prior year result. We have seen fourth quarter results grow significantly over the last three years on a comparable adjusted basis demonstrating our ability to deliver sustained earnings growth. Fourth quarter consolidated net sales increased to $5.5 billion or 8% above last year. Consolidated comp store sales increased 4% over a 5% increase last year. Foreign currency exchange rates benefitted comp sales by two percentage points, which is what we had expected. Diluted earnings per share were $0.66, a 29% increase over $0.51 per share last year on a reported basis and above our expectation. This years fourth quarter includes the benefit of $0.02 per share from a reduction of the intrusion reserve compared to a $0.01 per share charge last year. On an adjusted basis, excluding the intrusion numbers from both periods, EPS was up 23% to $0.64, over $0.52 per share the prior year.  On adjusted consolidated pre-tax profit margin, excluding intrusion charges, improved 100 basis points to 8.5% due to 130 basis points of merchandise margin expansion, partially offset by 50 basis points of SG&A deleverage. I should mention that SG&A would have been flat were it not for our planned investment in marketing and several other items that Trip will discuss later. In terms of inventory, at the end of the fourth quarter consolidated inventory on a per store basis were up 2%. Excluding foreign exchange rates, inventories were essentially flat on the same basis. We have fewer dollars committed forward than at this time last year on a per store basis, including the warehouses, stores, and merchandise on order. We exited the quarter with very clean inventory and we are well positioned to take advantage of a marketplace with many opportunities. Now I will recap divisional results. For the full year Marmaxx comp sales increased 1%, which was slightly below our plan. Segment profit was up 7% to $1.2 billion. Segment profit margin, which we had planned flat to last year, improved 30 basis points to 9.7%.  We hear a lot of discussion out there about when Marmaxx will return to historically peak operating levels. In 2007, segment profit margin at Marmaxx was at its highest in six years. Marmaxx achieving this growth on a 1% comp reinforces the power of our off-price model.  Our discipline and sharp execution lead to a 40 basis point expansion in merchandise margin in a difficult environment. Were aggressive in pursuing hot categories, shifting purchase dollars from one categorys bucket to another to take advantage of opportunities and mitigate mark-down risks. A great example are dresses, which comped up 36% in 2007 over double-digit increases last year. In addition, shoes and accessories were well funded. In the fourth quarter Marmaxx comp sales increased 1%, which was slightly below planned. Despite this, segment profit was $324 million, up 13% over the prior year. Segment profit margin was well above plan, increasing 70 basis points to 9.5% driven by significant merchandise margin expansion. Again in the fourth quarter Marmaxx took a strategic approach to categories and we saw dresses, shoes, and accessories outperform. Merchandise margins improved significantly, growing 80 basis points over last year.  We have a plan in place to improve Home, which struggled in 2007. As we have discussed on prior calls, we believe this is an executionist issue and we are addressing it. Also tested a new prototype for Marmaxx Home and we expect to see Home improve in the first half with more opportunity in the back half of the year.  At Winners and HomeSense in Canada excellent execution lead to another year of outstanding performance in 2007. The full year comp sales increased 14% in US dollars. In local currency, which we believe better reflects our operating performance, comps increased by a strong 5%, well above plan, and over a 5% increase last year. Segment profit was $235 million, which was above plan. Segment profit margin increased 110 basis points.  For the fourth quarter comp sales at Winners and HomeSense increased 23% in US dollars and in local currency increased by a strong 5% above our plan and over an 8% increase last year. Segment profit was $92 million, well above plan. Segment profit margin was 14.9%, up 450 basis points over the prior year, 290 basis points of which was due to the inventory related hedges referred to in todays press release. Disciplined execution of our off-price strategies lead the day at Winners. This division maintains a constant flow of freshness and excitement to our stores even with the negative impact of weather we saw in Canada during much of the year. Further, HomeSense is now an established national brand in Canada and we are very pleased with its strong top-line and bottom-line contributions in 2007 and the fourth quarter. In Europe T.K. Maxx also delivered excellent results in 2007. For the full year comps increased 14% in US dollars. In local currency, which again we believe better reflects our operating performance, comps increased an above-planned 6% over a 9% increase last year. Segment profit increased 16% and segment profit margin was 5.7%. Excluding Germany, segment profit was up 27% and segment profit margin increased 40 basis points to 6.3%.  For the fourth quarter comps increased 9% in US dollars and by a strong 5% in local currency, which was above our plan and over 10% increase last year. Segment profit margin increased 50 basis points to 9.2%, including our investment in Germany, which negatively impacted segment profit margin by 100 basis points. Excluding Germany, segment profit was up 33% and segment profit margin increased to 10.2%.  T. K. Maxx continues to deliver remarkable results in the face of a challenging market in the UK and Ireland. Ill say it again, its about execution. This division did a terrific job of flowing great brands and the right fashions to our stores, creating excitement for our customers every day. It is terrific to see T. K. Maxx now as a recognized brand in the UK and Ireland and a destination for European shoppers.  We are very pleased with how T. K. Maxx is doing in Germany. Launched last fall with our first five stores, our off-price concept has been very positively received by the German consumer. While it is still very early and we will go slow, adding five stores in 2008, we believe that Germany with its population of 82 million holds great long-term growth potential for our business. Back in the US, HomeGoods delivered very healthy results in 2007. For the full year comp sales increased 3%, which was in line with our planned range, and over 4% increase last year. Segment profit was $76 million, up 25% over last year, and segment profit margin improved 60 basis points.  HomeGoods comp sales for the fourth quarter were flat with last years 5% increase. Segment profit was $32 million and segment profit margin was 7.2%, very slightly below the prior year.  HomeGoods solid performance in 2007 bucked the weak trends of the home industry and other retailers. The HomeGoods organization drove strong comp sales over solid comps in the previous year.  In the fourth quarter we believe our own missteps were in execution, specifically in seasonal holiday products which lead to comp weakness, and we already put a new strategy in place for next years holiday season. One of the great things about our flexible business model is that we can respond quickly to execution issues and enter a new season with a fresh start. Heading into spring, I feel good about the great product in the pipeline and the way HomeGoods looks. We are also working hard to fix the few businesses that are not on track.  A.J. Wright made solid progress in 2007. Although A.J. Wrights full-year comp increase of 2% was below planned, from the bottom-line perspective we saw significant year-over-year segment profit increase. In the fourth quarter A.J. Wrights comp sales increased 1%, which was below planned and caused in part by our decision to de-emphasize toys which are important to this business. Having said that, A.J. Wright improved their fourth quarter segment profit by $6 million from last years loss, which was above plan.  We tried many new ideas at A.J. Wright in 2007, both in merchandise and the marketing areas. Organizationally we also made many changes. We have a much stronger infrastructure heading into 2008. Further, we have seen improvement in the categories we have focused our attention. However, we still have work to do. In terms of marketing we learned a lot about communicating with the customer, but I believe we can do even better. I want to reiterate that we continue to believe very strongly in A.J. Wright as a growth vehicle for TJX. This is a business model that we, as the largest off-price retailer in the world, should get right. Its moderate income customer demographic holds enormous potential for TJX. We continue to be prudent in our approach and have about five new stores in our 2008 plan. We will reaccelerate growth as this business gains more traction. Finally, on division performance, Bobs Stores achieved a full-year comp sales increase of 5%, which was in line with our planned range, and over 2% increase last year. On the bottom line, excluding the impairment charge that Trip can elaborate on, Bobs Stores nearly cut in half its loss from last year and significantly improved its merchandise margin.  In the fourth quarter Bobs Stores performed exceptionally well. Comp sales increased 10%. In terms of profitability Bobs Stores moved from a prior year loss to a segment profit of $3 million in the fourth quarter, again excluding the impairment charge. We learned a lot in terms of leveraging marketing in the fourth quarter of Bobs and will continue this strategy into 2008. In general we said before that we needed to see Bobs Stores post comp on top of comp. They have begun to do this and we will continue to evaluate the business.  Now, lets delve into the fundamentals that drove profitable sales in 2007. These included off-price buying, merchandising initiatives, marketing initiatives, cost control, and our no-walls approach.  Beginning with off-price buying, the heart of our business. In the last two years we have become even more flexible. We are taking more aggressive, intelligent risks and our entrepreneurial spirit is very strong.  In 2007 our relentless management of inventories allowed us to take advantage of a marketplace overflowing with terrific products. Great off-price buying lead to an infusion of better brands and we were more strategic in our up-front buying to make critical fashion statements in our stores. All of these strategies lead to great values and excitement for our customers every day and drove strong merchandise margins.  Next is merchandising initiatives. Just so you know, when we say initiatives we mean a lot of things. Not only rolling out new departments, we mean expanding hot ones and contracting others. We also mean in-store events and other ideas to increase traffic and create excitement. To give you a sense, we tested over 50 new ideas in 2007. Some worked and some did not. Some will be rolled out, some we will target demographically, and others that did not deliver satisfactory RLIs will be shelved. The point is that we are constantly taking intelligent risks that are leading to tangible results. Just to recap a few: the Cube. Our junior store within a store at Marshalls was very strong in 2007. We plan to roll out 300-plus of these to the Marshall chain in 2008.  Our Marshalls Mega Shoe Expansion has been a huge success. We rolled out 240 expansions in 2007 and have another 200 planned for 2008.  The Runway Designer department at T. J. Maxx is working well in the demographic markets we targeted and benefits the entire chain as we open new vendor doors. In addition, the Runway has lead us to another new idea that we will test in 2008. We also have a new Home prototype for Marmaxx which we will begin to slowly roll out towards the back half. And we are testing many more ideas domestically and internationally. This is what I mean by the entrepreneurial spirit, as well as our no-walls approach.  Marketing was a big focus for us as well in 2007. As you know, we increased our marketing investment and I am very pleased with the progress we have made. Our new chief marketing officer has been on board for a little over a year and we have been working on new ideas and campaigns for several of our brands. Importantly, we completed a great deal of testing and analysis in 2007 and gained a lot of knowledge about how and where to shift marketing dollars to be more productive. So what weve learned from the investments weve made in 2007 will be applied to driving sales in 2008 without a significant increase in marketing investment.  We launched our TJX reward card in 2007 and we saw impressive sign up, as well as positive response from customers in terms of their average basket spend.  In 2007 we continued to manage expenses aggressively, were prudent in capital spending, and identified new ways to reduce costs. These efforts helped drive bottom line improvement while funding our increased marketing investments and mitigating rising fuel, utility, minimum wage, and other costs.  As we have discussed on prior calls, we have a senior executive and a cross-divisional team focused on the big rocks. These include non-merchandise procurement, which is the largest short-term opportunity. We also have mid- and longer-term opportunities and store operating costs, supply chains, mark-down optimization, and a store-ready project, which we will require some re-engineering of processes. Finally, I wanted to spend a moment on our no-walls approach. In the same way that we have no walls in our stores, we have open communication between divisions. We conduct global meetings on a regular basis to share best practices and new ideas which has lead to better execution in all of the areas I just discussed, including leveraging buys, merchandise initiatives, improved marketing, in-store procedures, and cost-saving initiatives. Now that Ive talked about how we executed our off-price model in 2007 Ill review in broad terms our three-year plan for growth, which remains unchanged from what we have communicated in the past. For the next several years our model calls for 12% annual EPS growth. Of course, this management team is motivated to surpass this as we have done in the past. The following factors will drive our growth.  A 6% to 7% compound increase in sales. This is based on a comp sales increase of about 2% to 3% and consolidated square footage growth of approximately 4%.  Continue our approach of planning to a lower comp in order to drive incremental sales to the bottom line to the extent we surpass our comp sales goals.  Segment profit margin expansion should contribute an additional 1 to 2 points of growth as we believe we will continue to expand pre-tax margins at the 3-comp level.  Also contributing to our EPS growth is the additional benefit we will realize from our share repurchase program, which is funded by planned excess cash generated by our very strong operations and should add about 4 points to our EPS growth. Narrowing this down to fiscal 2009, I will give you the big picture for our financial plan and Trip will go into more detail in a moment. Please note that we have a 53rd week in our fiscal 09 calendar which will benefit our fourth quarter. For the year we expect net top-line growth of approximately 8%, including the 53rd week impact and based on a 2 to 3 comp sales increase and approximately 4% growth in selling square footage. Excluding the benefit of the 53rd week, we expect net sales to grow by approximately 7%.  We expect EPS from continuing operations for fiscal 2009 to be in the range of $2.20 to $2.25 including the impact of the 53rd week. This represents a 15% to 18% growth over $1.91 earned in fiscal 2008 on an adjusted basis. Excluding the 53rd week impact, our EPS outlook is in the range of $2.11 to $2.16 or a 10% to 13% increase over prior year on an adjusted basis. Now some points about our financial strengths. Theres a solid foundation that supports our future growth. With our strong operations we continue to generate significant amounts of cash in 2007, all of which was returned to shareholders through the buy-back program and dividends. After reinvesting in our businesses our excess cash allowed us to spend $950 million to repurchase TJX stock and retire 33 million shares at an average price of $28.55 per share. Despite spending nearly $1 billion in share buy backs, we exited the year with over $730 million in cash on our balance sheet. Our board recently approved a new $1 billion program, which is in addition to $486 million remaining in our existing program at year end. In 2008 we expect to continue our significant share repurchase program with planned spending of an additional $900 million.  Finally, our financial returns, specifically return on invested capital, return on assets, and return on equity, we were already in the quartile of all retailers based on these metrics and achieved even stronger returns in 2008. Now I want to talk a moment about our growth. Youve heard me say this before and it bears repeating. We are far from being a mature company. We are investing for the future and have many growth initiatives under way. Some of these include growth through selling square footage expansion, including unit growth and expanding into larger footprints within our existing markets and concepts.  We believe we have room to grow our largest division, Marmaxx, by 400 stores, which is 200 more than we had previously estimated. We also have opportunities with relocations into larger footprints, particularly with the success of shoes at Marshalls. At HomeGoods, we believe we can grow that chain by around 300 additional stores over time. Also, as weve discussed on prior calls, we are testing a larger 40,000-square-foot box at this division. In the UK we are standing the T.K. Maxx footprint to approximately 30,000 square feet as we relocate from older, smaller boxes, and have five of these relocations planned in 2008.  We continue to view the A.J. Wright customer demographic as having great growth potential for TJX. While we believe that the US could ultimately support 1,000 A.J. Wright stores, if we determined 500 stores as the right number to deliver strong return for shareholders then we will grow to 500 stores. Again, we will grow this division prudently. Our vision is that TJX is a global off-price company. This growth strategy allows us to drive our business by country. We saw tremendous strength in Canada and the UK in 2007 and took full advantage of these opportunities. Germany is off to a good start. It is hard for customers to resist great brands at great value anywhere in the world. We clearly see the potential for growing by an additional 1,500 to 2,000 stores in our current market without expanding into our next country.  For now our plans for international growth are as follows. In Germany we are very much on track and believe we can grow to 250 to 300 stores over time. Again, we will open five additional stores in 2008 and we will evaluate, grow, and invest carefully. Also in 2008, we are taking the HomeSense brand on the road to the UK. We have five HomeSense stores slated in the UK in 2008.  In Canada we will be testing a new off-price concept this year that plays to our strengths.  We see more opportunities for international expansion of our brands into the future, but are not ready to share them publicly yet.  Coming up I want to say that, having funded new talent at the corporate level in 2007, we now have in place a management team that combines fresh talent and perspectives with the best of TJX experience. Our no-walls approach is generating ideas and leading to tangible results. It also allows us to share talent across divisions.  In terms of growth, we are a global off-price value company with a concept that plays in many countries and in many categories. Our top priority remains driving profitable sales. I want to reiterate that we have one of the most flexible business models in the world. Flexibility and resiliency of our model continue to service well in 2007 as it has done throughout our history and I am confident that it will continue in 2008 and beyond. I feel bullish about the future and Im looking forward to updating you on our progress through 2008. Now Im going to turn it over to Trip.
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. Before I outline our plans for fiscal 2009 let me provide some additional detail on our fiscal 2008 and fourth quarter results, which I believe will help you understand our numbers better.  First let me discuss the full-year SG&A rate, which was flat to last year on what was a 2% comp increase excluding foreign exchange. We achieved this flat rate despite increased investments in marketing at 10 basis points and another 10 basis points due to the combination of Germany and the Bobs Stores impairment charge. Without these items we would actually have had 20 basis points of expense leverage for the year. Overall I think were very pleased with this expense performance, which reflects our continued focus on cost containment. Second, SG&A for the fourth quarter was up 50 basis points. If you exclude the Bobs impairment charge, which was 20 basis points, our planned marketing investments at 10 basis points, and 20 basis points that primarily reflect the timing of funding of the TJX foundation, SG&A was essentially flat. We achieved this despite a 1% comp increase at Marmaxx and a 2% comp at TJX, ex foreign currency, from which we would normally expect some deleverage. Third, I would like to provide some colour on the mark-to-market inventory hedge adjustments in the fourth quarter. This had a 30 basis point favourable impact on the TJX gross margin for the quarter which was up 150 basis points in total. It also bumped up the Winners segment margin by 290 basis points during the quarter. You might recall that in the third quarter we took an accounting charge for inventory hedges at Winners in Canada to mark these hedges to market. The benefit to the fourth quarter was about the same as the charge to the third quarter and primarily reflected a reversal of this adjustment. These mark-to-market adjustments are required by accounting rules and recently have been accentuated because of dramatic currency movements.  A final comment on the quarter. Overall currency favourably impacted the quarter by about $0.04 per share. This was essentially offset, however, by a $0.02 per share negative impact from a higher tax rate during the quarter and a $0.02 per share negative impact from the combination of the Bobs impairment charge and timing of the foundation contribution. So overall the impact on EPS from no-operating items was flat. Let me now turn to our fiscal 2009 plan. As Carol indicated, we expect EPS from continuing operations for fiscal 2009 to be in the range of $2.20 to $2.25, which represents a 15% to 18% increase over the adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $1.91 earned in fiscal year 2008.  As Carol mentioned, we have a 53rd week in the fiscal 2009 calendar, which we expect will benefit the fourth quarter by approximately $0.09 per share. Excluding this benefit, we expect EPS from continuing operations for fiscal 2009 to be in the range of $2.11 to $2.16, a 10% to 13% increase over the adjusted $1.91 earned in fiscal 2008. This is based on a consolidated top-line sales assumption of about $20.1 billion to $20.2 billion including the 53rd week.  For consolidated comp store sales were assuming a 2% to 3% increase without the 53rd week. We are planning foreign exchange rates to have a favourable impact of about half a percentage point. So net our foreign exchange our comp store sales assumption is about 2%.  For the year we expect pre-tax profit margin to be 7.9% to 8%, up 20 to 30 basis points over the adjusted pre-tax profit margin in fiscal 2008. This guidance includes approximately 20 basis points of benefit from the 53rd week. We expect gross margin to be 24.6% to 24.7%, which is 10 to 20 basis points better than fiscal 2008. We anticipate SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 16.7%, which is better than fiscal 2008 by roughly 10 basis points. Its important to note that our guidance calls for profit margin improvement on a 2% to 3% comp. In essence, we continued to build our plans based on a conservative comp, which requires us to control expenses and inventory very tightly. And this in turn positions us well to flow incremental sales to the bottom line as we have done in each of the last two years. To help with modelling, were planning corporate expense for the year to be in the $139 million to $142 million range, interest expense to be about $5 million to $6 million, and our tax rate to be 38.5%. From a cash flow perspective for the year we expect capital expenditures to be about $575 million. Were investing in store initiatives, remodels, and relocations, as well as in-store initiatives to drive sales and continued investments in systems. We expect depreciation to be about $389 million. Were planning our consolidated inventory levels to be flat on a per store basis. Our guidance is based on an average share count for the year, up approximately 445 million shares, assuming a stock buy-back of $900 million. Moving to the divisions for fiscal 2009. As a reminder, we will present all of our comp sales increases without the impact of the 53rd week. The division segment margins we are projecting for fiscal 2009 are on a 53-week basis. As I just noted, the 53rd week benefits margins by approximately 20 basis points.  We anticipate that Marmaxx will do about $12.6 billion in sales with a comp sales increase of about 2%. Segment profit margin at Marmaxx is planned at 9.9% to 10%, which is 20 to 30 basis points above last year.  For the combination of Winners and HomeSense were anticipating sales of approximately $2.3 billion US with a comp sales increase of 2% to 3% in local currency. Were planning Winners segment profit margin in the range of 10.8% to 11%. The year-over-year comparisons for Winners segment margins are negatively impacted by a non-recurring benefit of 50 basis points from foreign exchange rates. At T.K. Maxx in Europe were planning sales of about $2.5 billion US with a key to 4% comp sales increase in local currency. We expect segment profit margin at T.K. Maxx in the range of 5.7% to 5.8% including Germany and our new HomeSense business, which combined we expect will negatively impact results by about $20 million or 100 basis points. Excluding Germany and HomeSense, segment profit margin at T.K. Maxx will be in the range of 6.7% to 6.8%.  At HomeGoods were planning a top line of about $1.7 billion with a 3% comp sales increase. We expect segment profit margin for HomeGoods to be in the 5.5% to 5.7% range.  At A.J. Wright were planning for sales of $674 million to $679 million with a comp store sales increase of 3% to 4%. From a bottom-line perspective were looking for a profit of $1 million to $4 million. At Bobs Stores were planning sales of $321 million to $323 million and looking to reduce its loss to $4 million to $5 million. Now moving to first quarter guidance. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.40 to $0.41 worth $0.34 per share last year on a reported basis. Last years results included $0.03 per share of intrusion related costs. So excluding these costs our guidance represents an 8% to 11% increase over prior years adjusted $0.37.  The resuming of first quarter top line of $4.4 billion with a 4% to 5% comp sales increase on a consolidated basis and a 1% to 2% comp sales increase at the Marmaxx group. In the first quarter we expect foreign exchange rates to have a favourable impact of two percentage points, so thats a net comp of 2% to 3% on a consolidated basis excluding foreign exchange.  For the month of February were planning for a consolidated comp sales increase in the range of 3% to 4%. Were anticipating a 2% to 3% increase in March and a 6% to 7% increase in April. Easter occurs two weeks earlier this year and in March instead of April. For Marmaxx were planning on a zero to 1% comp in February, a zero to 1% comp in March, and a 4% to 5% comp in April. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 6.7% to 6.8% range, down 10 to 20 basis points from the prior year on an adjusted basis. We expect the first quarter to be negatively impacted by lower interest income, 10 basis points, and by investment in the new European businesses, another 10 basis points.  Were anticipating first quarter gross margin in the area of 24.2% to 24.3% and SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 17.5% to 17.6%. I should note that the SG&A guidance reflects a 20 to 30 basis point increase primarily due to our investments in the new European businesses, the timing of certain corporate expenses, as well as initiatives that we expect will generate savings in future quarters.  Ill wrap up with our store growth plans for fiscal 2009. Beginning with Marmaxx, we plan to add 2% in selling square footage to this division, an increase of store base by about 45 stores net of closing, for a total of 1,668 stores by the end of fiscal 2009. In Canada we plan to expand selling square footage by 6% adding a net 16 stores to end the year with a total of 278 stores in that country. In the UK we plan to expand T.K. Maxxs selling square footage by 9% and add 10 T.K. Maxx stores, as well as five HomeSense stores for a combined total of 236 by the end of the year. We also expect to open an additional five stores in Germany for a total of 10 in that country by the end of the year. At HomeGoods we plan to expand selling square footage by 9% and add a net of 25 stores for a total of 314 HomeGoods stores by the end of the year. As a reminder, with HomeGoods back on the right track we made the decision to re-accelerate our growth strategy at this division last year. We will continue to grow A.J. Wright prudently, as Carol mentioned. In fiscal 2009 we anticipate netting five additional stores for a total of 134 stores by year end.  And at Bobs Stores, as we continue to evaluate this business, we are not planning new store openings in fiscal 2009. To keep the call on schedule, we ask that you please limit your questions to one per person. Thank you and well open it up for questions now.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today is from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations on a very nice 2007.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup: Carol or Trip, can you address what financial metrics youre looking for A.J. Wright to achieve before you would consider accelerating growth in that division?
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Well, I think first of all weve put a model out there for A.J. Wright which I believe is in the 8% range in terms of the target wed like that business to get to. And obviously with A.J. Wright at or close to breakeven we have a little ways to go.  One of the key metrics that we look at is store contribution. And typically we would look for a store contribution in the 17% to 18%, mid-teens, basically, Kimberly, range before we would look at the store model and say, yup, this works. So thats sort of the financial metric we look at, obviously in addition to comp store sales performance at the division.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, Kimberly, we did a lot of work this year with A.J.s and I think this year is really going to be a year that we see profit. We also understand, we have a better understanding in terms of the real estate and where we want to plant our stores. The progress in the new stores have been terrific. So I think this years going to tell us a lot about A.J. Wright. Im very pleased with their performance in the last several weeks in opening the season. 
Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup: Carol or Trip, where is the current store contribution if youre looking to get 17 to 18? Can you just comment on where it is now?
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Well, I think weve got a couple more percentage points to go, Kimberly. And I would say more likely mid-teens is where we would be able to, you know, start thinking about pulling the trigger. So weve got a little ways to go still. But weve seen improvements in that store contribution number and thats very encouraging. 
Kimberly Greenberger  Citigroup: Great. Thanks and good luck in 09.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates: Hi. Just a question about merchandise availability. For 2007 and apparently probably for the first half of this year youve got a lot of great availability. When you look out to the second half of the year do you anticipate having the same level of high quality availability of merchandise?
Carol Meyrowitz: Mark, I can tell you this: we went through it last year and the year before, and Ernie will give you a little more colour to this, we have never had a lack of merchandise. We have buyers all over the world and we have over 400 buyers out there. If anything, what I hear is constantly, weve got to keep them home because theres just too much availability and we try very hard to keep very liquid. I think weve opened a lot of new doors this year. I think the Runway has brought us new vendors. I think theres a whole contemporary world out there that we havent even tapped. In sportswear we probably opened 30 or 40 new vendors. We dont see this being an issue at all. 
Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates: Yeah. Just to clarify, Im not so concerned about availability because I know youre always going to have it, but its more over the past year youve stepped up the quality or the appeal of a lot of the brands. So youre going to keep that going?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yes. Absolutely.
Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates: Okay. All right. So you dont really see that declining at all.
Carol Meyrowitz: No.
Ernie Herrman: Mark, Ill jump in here. To Carols point, I dont see in the short term or the longer terms, and we talked about this I think on the calls the last couple of times. I think youre getting at the branded discussion and quality level and there we dont see, if anything, there could be more of that availability happening. So we certainly havent seen any indication that that would change.
Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates: Okay. Just lastly. Just say youve reduced expenses a lot, would you say that youve pretty much picked all the low- and medium-hanging fruit and now you really have to just focus on bigger picture opportunities with expenses?
Carol Meyrowitz: No. Not at all. I think we have mitigated wages, we have mitigated fuel, we have invested in businesses. We have not even brought on a chief procurement officer that were getting close to for non-merchandise procurements. We think that this is going to continue. I think weve done a fabulous job in 07 and we are, everyone has stepped up to the plate and we have a great game plan for 08.
Mark Montagna  C. L. King and Associates: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Black.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Black  Lehman Brothers: Hey, hows it going? Congrats on a good strong quarter. I guess my question is on home. Weve seen weakness start to creep into the story here. Whats got you convinced that we dont have a longer-term problem at HomeGoods? Whats working there specifically? Whats not? Do we have any regional differences in the performance of the store base? And then in the core business, how long do you think it takes to write the ship in the home business? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, getting to HomeGoods. I will tell you that the issue with HomeGoods is purely an execution issue in the fourth quarter. We were just too mundane and too LY in our seasonal and that hurts in the fourth quarter. This group has spent many hours together and, as Ive said, we have a completely new strategy for fourth quarter for next year. Im liking very much what Im seeing flowing into HomeGoods currently. So I really think this was our own misstep in terms of execution. As far as Marmaxx goes, we are beginning to see some positive results. We have made many changes in terms of people. Ernie, would you like to comment on home?
Ernie Herrman: Just in line with what Carol mentioned with HomeGoods in the fourth quarter, Marmaxx I think was a lack of newness throughout most of the year. And that was our execution challenge in the home area at Marmaxx. To Carols point, were seeing signs of light, some healthy signs over the last couple of months. And I think were also going to make improvement at driving some of the hotter fashion categories where were seeing some of the newness taking place. Again, it was more of an execution issue for Marmaxx, but we seem to be turning the corner. To Carols point, I think in the first half here well see an improvement.
Jeff Black  Lehman Brothers: Fair enough, guys. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: I can just also add that, you know, HomeSense I really believe and T.K. executed home very well and their business was very good. I dont see this as an issue in terms of the economics. I really think its definitely an execution issue.
Jeff Black  Lehman Brothers: Great. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just looking at gross margin. It was up so much in fourth quarter, merchandise margin driven, and it looks like you have fairly easy comparisons coming into the first quarter. So just trying to understand, is that gross margin guidance somewhat conservative? Is there anything that you saw in the fourth quarter from a merchandise margin perspective exceptional buys that you dont expect to continue? Just trying to get my arms around that a little bit.
Carol Meyrowitz: My answer to that is I hope so. I think we are, you know, its the first quarter. Its our obviously lowest sales quarter in the year. We probably have the most volatile weather. I think were being conservative and I think were being prudent. Again, I will tell you that the market is very loaded and I do believe we have some opportunity here. 
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: All right. And then just one follow up. Where do you think youre underpenetrated on the Marmaxx side? You said 400 new incremental stores, 200 more than you originally had planned. Where are you underpenetrated?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, we dont talk specifically about our real estate strategy, but were very confident in being able to add 400 stores.
Paul Lejuez  Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Best of luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Slater.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hey, Todd.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Hey, there. Just impressive all around. Well done.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Just given the enormous amount of products and supply out there, when you look at the direction in 08 where do you see your incremental investment in inventory? If you could just maybe talk broader categories at Marmaxx, and even at A.J. Wright, given that this is maybe an opportunity to upgrade or continue to upgrade. Were hearing about a lot of bridge inventory out there. What are the sort of areas of opportunity? Youre entering some big dress numbers in the spring and summer; what do you see in that category? Can you still cycle that and comp positively there? What else you might see or we might see tangibly in terms of in the store environment in terms of the product assortment?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well, let me start with A.J.s and then Ill make a few comments about Marmaxx and then I think Ernie might have a few comments, too.  A.J.s we are much more focused on the Hispanic and the African-American customer. I think thats a big piece that we can go after that we havent necessarily maximized in the past. The real core drivers of that business is basics, its denim, urban, shoes, and juniors, and kids. And we see again tremendous opportunities there. I think weve fine tuned it. I dont think we maximized it by any means last year and I think we are just so much more focused. Im far from being concerned about availability.  I also can tell you that our pack-away numbers are pretty substantial even though we have fairly lean inventory. And that business will thrive very much on pack-aways. And it should be terrific. As far as categories, like dresses, we havent even hit the peak dress years that we had a strong dress cycle. We havent even gone near those numbers. So I think theres tremendous opportunity in earnings from the brand perspective.
Ernie Herrman: You know, I think, and again Carol mentioned this earlier in shoes and accessories. I think those two arenas are places, although last year very healthy, I think theres just more opportunity in this coming year to maximize those businesses. They both have a lot of good brands, but they have a lot in terms of quality in those goods. I would say those would be a couple of areas that will continue to be a push for us in Marmaxx.
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: And how about contemporary? You mentioned contemporary versus, lets say, the more traditional, you know, the Bridge (sic), the Neal and Tracys (sic) of the world. Whatever. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Its really about fashion, Todd. We have a very large group in California. Our job is to bring newness and excitement every day. Thats what theyre focusing on. So we see some pretty good trends happening.
Ernie Herrman: Todd, the good thing is when you have a fair amount of availability like this, which we see no one in sight on, is you get a lot of fashion goods in there too. So with Calsite (sic) we have to kind of manage the amount we buy and the selectivity, but it does yield I think more fashion excitement as we go through that process. 
Todd Slater  Lazard Capital Markets: Perfect. Look forward to it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick  J. P. Morgan: Thanks. Hey, guys. I think the obvious question is, with your number one competitor dramatically slowing down their growth and perhaps delaying their entry into the East, can you maybe talk about what was the reaction in the executive suite regarding your thoughts about real estate expansion, buying, marketing? What usually do you expect to happen when your number two competitor dramatically slows their growth?
Carol Meyrowitz: I dont even, we dont put our number to competitor, Brian. We run our own business. We run TJX and we run an off-price business. So we are not concerned. I mean, we have great plans for the future and thats how we run our business. 
Brian Tunick  J. P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Hey, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter and a great year. 
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks, Marni.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Could you talk a little bit about the larger footprint HomeStore? You know, a little bit of problems on the home space. What were you envisioning in the larger store? Is there a specific category that youd like to add that youve tested or is it just a little bit more of everything?
Carol Meyrowitz: Now youre going to ask me to give the secrets away. Yeah, were going to have new categories as well as expansions. Weve got a lot of new ideas in home goods for the future. So it gives us an opportunity to not only expand the things that are working so well, like in HG Kids, but it gives us an opportunity to test new categories. So were pretty excited about this. If anything, in many of our stores we would like a little more room to expand certain areas. 
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Are they ideas that can translate to the Marmaxx stores as well?
Carol Meyrowitz: Some of them. Some of them will be new categories, but again, some of them will require additional space that you dont want to necessarily put in Marmaxx because we already have some initiatives in Marmaxx that we think are more suitable for the chain.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Right. I guess that makes sense. Well, guys, good luck. And I just have to make one comment. I love how the New England-based team is so suddenly quiet on the sports front with no commentary about Bobs business on the Superbowl T-shirts. So maybe next year?
Ernie Herrman: (Inaudible) as we speak, Marni.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: Have a good one, guys.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hey, Marni, Im from New York.
Marni Shapiro  The Retail Tracker: I know, Carol. Youre on my side. Have a good one, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company: Thanks very much, guys. Just a follow up. If you could provide some more colour on the pack-away in terms of the quantity and quality and the amount of time you think the product will spend in pack-away. And then if you could talk about the internet business. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: We dont comment on specific numbers. But part of our strategy with A.J. Wright is to increase pack-aways as part of their total buys. Marmaxx is just opportunistic and were all opportunistic and this year particularly was a year that it made sense to do more pack-aways.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company: And that was just for A.J. Wright, is that correct?
Carol Meyrowitz: No, across the board.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company: And could you quantify it over prior years?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, no, thats what I was just saying, Richard. We dont usually quantify how our inventory is broken up. But we tend in the Marmaxx world to stay under 5% and in A.J. Wright its greater than that.
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company: Okay. Any thoughts on the internet?
Carol Meyrowitz: Right now we are using the internet very aggressively, you know, in terms of communicating to the customer, but in the short term were not looking to sell product on the internet. We think that we have some ideas in marketing how to better utilize it to drive sales. 
Richard Jaffe  Stifel Nicolaus and Company: All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Cohen.
Carol Meyrowitz: Hi, Dana.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Hey, guys. Congrats. Just some clarification here. As you look at Winners and the improvement in operating margin this year versus last year can you just clarify for the year and the quarter sort of all of the noise running through? So, like, what is the real underlying number that we should be thinking of as the go-forward number? And second, on the gross margin, up 150, I think you said it was up 80 at Marmaxx. Were all the other businesses clearly up significantly more than that? Just a little more clarification on the dramatic improvement in gross margin.
Carol Meyrowitz: Okay. Ill have Trip run specifically through the numbers with you.
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Dana, let me first talk about fourth quarter because in the fourth quarter the Winners margin was up 450 basis points from 10.4% to 14.9%. A huge part of that, which was 290 basis points as Ive mentioned, was the inventory hedge that reversed from the third quarter, as we told you during the third quarter. That hurt their margins in the third quarter and we told you it was going to reverse in the fourth. And it did. But that apart, I think they had excellent, excellent margin performance. Their gross margin was up a total of 160. Their pre-tax profit was up 160 basis points above and beyond that inventory hedge. It came from a combination of merchandise margin improvements, as well as expense leverage.  So thats all the story within the quarter. And then if you look at full year on Winners, you know, Winners margin, pre-tax margin was up 110 basis points and once again it was a function of a number of things, including merchandise margin improvement, expense leveraging, etcetera.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: You mentioned 50 though from FX. 
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: I mentioned 50 from FX and that again goes back to the foreign exchange impact on the hedge. You know, reverting out and not coming into this year. Thats what that was.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Okay. So of the 110, there was a contribution of about 50 from the noise of the hedges. 
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: There was roughly about 30 from the hedge and then some FX impacts coming out of that too.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: So on an underlying basis its 60.
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Underlying basis is 60 to 70.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: And again, combination of merchandise margin and expense leveraging, which was the same story in the fourth quarter in an even bigger way.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then merchandising margins for the entire company.
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: Merchandise margin for the entire company was up 40 basis points. And what we saw, and once again in the fourth quarter, it was up 150 basis points gross margin, merchandise margin was about 120. And I would say it was pretty even across every business. Much stronger in some, for example Canada and the European businesses, but certainly nothing to sneeze at in Marmaxx in terms of very strong margin improvement there as well. So I would say it was across the board, across almost every business.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Okay. And most of this from better markdowns?
Nirmal K. Trip Tripathy: I think it was a combination of better mark-up performance, as well as better mark-down performance.
Dana Cohen  Banc of America Securities: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey.
Kristina Westura  Telsey Advisory Group: Hi. Its actually Kristina Westura for Dana Telsey. Just a question on marketing plans. Your spend going forward in 2008 relative to last year. And maybe you could just give us a little bit more flavour in terms of which divisions are benefiting the most from your marketing investments.
Carol Meyrowitz: Kristina, last year we increased our marketing spend about 17% on top of about 18% the year before. We will be slightly, slightly up in our marketing expense for next year, but more importantly the last two years has given us a lot of information on. As I said, John Gilberts been on board for a year, which has really allowed us to look at and analyze our spend a little bit better. So we think were much, much more focused for next year in where those dollars go. I think its going to benefit all divisions. I think A.J. Wright will be a tremendous, itll really benefit A.J. Wright because weve learned a lot this year. I also think Bobs and you can see it that theyve spent their spend in terms of their marketing tree was very high in the first half, came down fourth quarter, and they were very focused and they really drove the fourth quarter. So truly across the board I think were much more pointed and focused this coming year than we were a year ago. I think were going to be very happy with what we see.
Kristina Westura  Telsey Advisory Group: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Glick.
David Glick  Buckingham Research Group:  Well, I can say good afternoon now and congratulations. Carol, were seeing a lot of signs of inflationary pressure in apparel accessories and home goods. Can you give us a sense how this might be impacting the portion of your business that youre buying up front and is that particularly focused in home? Is it in wool? In leather-based products? Where is it? Is there a way to look at this as a potential opportunity for you guys as you continue to offer greater relative value versus your department store and specialty store competition that obviously doesnt have the same value proposition?
Carol Meyrowitz: David, you just answered your own question. Thank you. 
David Glick  Buckingham Research Group: I just want to make sure Im thinking about that correctly.
Carol Meyrowitz: No, but really, truly it is about the value and its always about the gap between us and the department stores and the competition. Obviously if there is inflation and the average ticket goes up, you know, your units through your DCs go down and you can obviously leverage that on the expense side. But having said that, I think the inflation is happening in certain categories and not in others. Im not so sure were going to see so much in apparel as people think this year. They may be a little bit in shoes and I think it depends on the category. Were really not seeing it in homes. And again, Ill just keep coming back to our formula, which is really showing the value versus someone else. So inflation isnt a key factor in our business.
David Glick  Buckingham Research Group: Okay. Great. Thanks and good luck.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from David Mann.
David Mann  Johnson Rice and Company: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. My questions on Bobs. Its definitely doing better this past year, but I guess looking back it was supposed to break even in 05 and were still several years later and youre not forecasting profitability. So can you just give an update on sort of the time table for profitability and your views on Bobs future?
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah. Well, I can tell you Im very pleased with their fourth quarter performance. They did cut their loss in half. Our goal is to keep improving Bobs and were going to continue to evaluate the business.
David Mann  Johnson Rice and Company: Okay. And then 
Carol Meyrowitz: We dont have a time frame I can, you know, theres been vast improvement. I mean, when you look at the fourth quarter and you see really they made $4 million if you take the impairment charge out. Which is a tremendous step in the right direction. So really my answer is well continue to evaluate the business.
David Mann  Johnson Rice and Company: Okay. And then if I can ask sort of a follow up on that. When you bought Bobs, being that that was your last acquisition, how are you taking that experience towards your willingness and any criteria for additional acquisitions just given that there seems to be a lot of opportunities, Im sure, that are being presented to you given your cash flow and your management team.
Carol Meyrowitz: Yeah, David, we are very, I mean, we are wide open. Obviously we are investing in three new businesses for next year, which we really believe in. As I said before, strategically we see ourselves as a global off-price value company that plays in obviously many countries. Having said that, were certainly very financially sound and this is a very interesting landscape. So we are looking at everything around us for possibilities.
David Mann  Johnson Rice and Company: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz: I want to thank everyone for today and I look forward to reporting on our first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. You may all disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-13 10:56:00) =====
Executives: Carol Meyrowitz - President & CEO  Jeff Naylor - CFAO  Ernie Herrman - President, The Marmaxx Group  Trip Tripathy - CFO Sherry Lang  IR
Analysts:  Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup  Randy Konik - Bear Stearns  Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers  Dana Cohen - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets  Brian Tunick  JP Morgan  John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets  Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus  Jeff Stein - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners  William Keller - FTN MidwestSecurities  Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group   
Operator: Welcome to the TJX Companies third quarter financial resultsconference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conferencecall over to Ms. Carol Meyrowitz, President and CEO for the TJX Companies.Please go ahead.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Good morning. Beforewe begin, Sherry Lang has some comments.
Sherry Lang: Good morning. The forward-looking statements we make todayabout the company's results and plans are subject to risks and uncertaintiesthat could cause the actual results and the implementation of the company'splans to vary materially. These risks are discussed in the company's SECfilings, including without limitation the Form 10-K filed March 28, 2007 and Form 10-Q filed August 24, 2007. Further, these comments and the Q&A that follows are copyrightedtoday by the TJX Companies. Any recording, rebroadcast, reproduction or otheruse of the same for profit or otherwise without prior consent of TJX isprohibited and a violation of the United Statescopyright laws. Additionally, while we have approved the publishing of atranscript of this call by a third party, we take no responsibility forinaccuracies that may appear in that transcript. Thank you.  Now I will turn it over to Carol.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Good morning again.Joining me on the call today are Jeff Naylor, Ernie Herrman, Trip Tripathy andSherry Lang. Jeff Naylor will be handling the financial questions today andTrip will be answering those questions on our year end call. Let me begin by saying that our third quarter performance isan excellent example of the power of our off-price model when all of theelements of the model are executed well. Despite the pressure on sales fromunseasonably warm weather in many regions of the US,Canada and UKand concerns about a weak consumer, we delivered bottom line results that werein line with our expected range. Further, our 13% EPS increase was achievedover a 50% increase reported in EPS last year, demonstrated our continuedability to deliver sustained earnings growth even with difficult environmentsand tough comparisons. There is so much concern out there about retail, so I wantto be very clear: the story of our third quarter is simple and straightforward.It is about weather, it is about keeping inventory very clean and it is aboutkeeping costs down. I should say again,it is about a very tough comparison to last year. We were very disciplined inmanaging our open to buy, which allowed us to take advantage of the greatmarket environment. Great deals generated improved merchandise margins even aswe aggressively took markdowns to clear inventory and enter Q4 extremely clean.We also remained focused on managing costs, which helped mute the impact of thewarm weather. I should note that Marmaxxs negative 1 comp leveraged well,resulting in only a 30 basis point hit to segment profit margin, which was lessthan you might expect. Further, other divisions, particularly HomeGoods and theinternational businesses, really kicked in with strong contributions to thebottom line. Now to recap the consolidated numbers. Third quarterconsolidated net sales increased to $4.7 billion, 6% above last year.Consolidated comp-store sales increased by 3% over a 6% increase last year.Foreign currency exchange rates benefited comp sales by 2 percentage points,which was slightly more than we had expected. Fully diluted earnings per sharefrom continuing operations were $0.54, a 13% increase over $0.48 per share lastyear. Overall, pretax margins were 8.5%, which was up 10 basispoints on top of last year's 200 basis point increase. It is important to notethat 2 points of comp coming from currency generated pretax margin improvementon what was essentially a 1 comp increase. Gross margins declined 20 basis points. With prospective managementof our inventories and open to buy, merchandise margins increased 20 basispoints in a challenging sales environment. This improvement was more thanoffset, however, by a mark-to-market adjustment on inventory-related foreigncurrency hedges, which will revert in the fourth quarter. Jeff will providemore details on this later. SG&A expense improved 20 basis points; the favorableimpact of cost management partially offset by a planned increase in marketingspend. In terms of inventories, at the end of the third quarter,consolidated inventories on a per store basis were down 1% and down 3%excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We are very happy with the liquidityin our inventory. We have fewer dollars committed forward than at this timelast year on a per-store basis including the warehouses, stores and merchandiseon order.  Again, we entered Q4 very clean and in a tremendously strongposition to react to the marketplace, which is flush with very desirableproduct in all categories. To recap the first nine months, which was above our plan,EPS from continuing operations for the first nine months was $1.00 on areported basis, which includes $0.28 of charges related to the computerintrusion. Excluding this charge, EPS from continuing operations were $1.28 orup 14% over the prior year. Comp sales increased 3% in the first nine monthsover a 4% increase last year. So a strong profit margin gain on top of stronggains during the first nine months last year, which again demonstrates ourability to consistently deliver sustained earnings growth. Now I will briefly recap divisional results for the thirdquarter. Marmaxx comp sales decreased 1% in the third quarter, which was belowour plan. Despite being aggressive with markdowns, we maintained merchandisemargins that were virtually flat on top of strong margins last year. Segmentprofit was $309 million and segment profit margin, which was planned flat toslightly down versus last year's very strong performance, was 10.3%, which wasslightly below plan. Two factors impacted Marmaxx results. First, as I mentioned,warm weather hurt apparel sales particularly of cold weather apparel likeouterwear. Our cold weather categories, including outerwear, represented alarge portion of our sales loss to plan. Second, home was soft, which was an execution issue. We arevery focused on it and I can tell you that we are committed to fixing it. Inaddition to improving our mix, we have tested a new home prototype and are veryexcited with the results. We will start to roll out this new concept next year. On the positive side, categories that are not as weathersensitive did very well. Dresses posted a 22% comp increase on top ofdouble-digit comps last year. Accessories and shoes continue to be strong andour category initiative also performed very well, which I will talk about in amoment. At Winners and HomeSense in Canada,we saw exceptional execution across the organization. Comp sales increased 15%in US dollars and in local currency, which we believe better reflects ouroperating performance, comps increased 5%, which was above our plan. Segmentprofit was $68 million in line with plan. Segment profit margin declined 40basis points, but was adversely impacted by 210 basis points by themark-to-market adjustment for hedges that I mentioned earlier. Excluding thisadjustment, segment profit margin was up by a very strong 170 basis points,again reflecting strong merchandise margins and expense control. The impact of weather was also obvious in Canada.Overall apparel sales trailed the chain, particularly outerwear. As was thecase at Marmaxx, less weather-sensitive categories like shoes, jewelry,accessories and dresses were exceptionally strong.  Winners home categories were very positive and ourHomeSense business continues to be exceptional and is making contributionshigher than we ever thought possible for this business. To sum up on Canada,we are very confident in our Canadian businesses and they are very well positionedfor a strong fourth quarter. In the UKand Ireland,T.K. Maxx continues to stand out and deliver tremendous performance. Third quartercomps increased 13% in US dollars. The local currency comp, which again webelieve better reflects our operating performance, increased by a strong 6%,which was above our plan and over an 11% increase last year.  Segment profit margin declined 70 basis points to 7%,primarily due to the impact of our new German business, which impacted T.K.Maxx by $5 million, or 90 basis points. Excluding Germany,profit was up 22% and segment profit margin improved 20 basis points. I was in Germanyrecently for the openings of our first stores there and I can tell you it wasvery exciting. It is still early, but we view Germanyas having great growth potential for our business, which I will elaborate on ina moment and we will keep you posted on our progress. Back in the US,HomeGoods had an outstanding quarter. This division continues to buck the trendof softness in the home industry, which really reinforces the resiliency of ouroff-price model. Comp sales increased by an above 4% over last year's 5%increase. Segment profit was $25 million, up 43% over last year and segmentprofit margin improved 150 basis points, well above plan. Further, we areseeing broad-based strength for strong comps across most categories. We arevery pleased with the continued momentum in HomeGoods as we head into theholidays. At A.J. Wright the warm weather really took its toll. A.J.Wright is heavily concentrated in the Northeast and Midwestand has a customer base that shops very close to need, more so than any otherdivision. However, as the weather turned cool, A.J. Wright's sales dramaticallygained momentum. Third quarter comps were flat, which was below plan; however,with excellent expense control and execution of our off-price model, A.J.Wright achieved a 30 basis point improvement in merchandise margin and a flatsegment profit on this flat comp. I want to reiterate that we are very committed to A.J.Wright's concept. We still have more to do on execution, but I believe that weare moving in the right direction as we are seeing strong comps in categoriesin which we have focused. Importantly, we are also seeing strong new storeperformance. Finally on our divisional performance, Bob's Stores' compsales decreased 2% and bottom line results were below plan and last year, withits store base totally in the Northeast and a mix that is heavily tiltedtowards cold weather categories. We did see sales come back when the weatherturned cooler and especially when the Red Sox won the World Series. As you haveheard me say previously, we need to see Bob's Stores deliver positive comps ontop of positive comps. Year-to-date comps are up 2% and the fourth quarter isoff to a very strong start. Before moving on, I would like to spend a moment on theconcern over the consumer because I don't think we can say this enough: ourvalue equation plays in all kinds of retail environments. While we are notimmune to everything, macro consumer pressures have not typically impacted ourbusiness as they do other retailers. In weak consumer environments, upper enddepartment store shoppers gravitate towards us and once they find us they staywith us, even when times get better because they love our values. If it is promotional out there, we navigate throughplentiful buying opportunities. In full-priced environments, in which I havenever seen a lack of product or opportunities, we may have to pay a littlemore, but we maintain our merchandise margins since we are operating in a lesspromotional environment.  It is all about execution and our values. When we executewell, the consistency of our performance is hard to find elsewhere in theindustry. In our 30-year history, comp sales have declined in only one year andwe have achieved comp sales increases during recessions. Make no mistake thatwe prefer a strong environment. The point is that in weaker times, we hold upand tend to do better than most. Now I would like to turn the discussion to our confidence inthe TJX business model. I talked about this on the second quarter call andthere are several points I want to reiterate again today. As you know, ourthree-year plan calls for 12% annual EPS growth. Of course, as a managementteam, we strive to surpass this and we have done a good job at this. Let's talk about what gives us the confidence in our abilityto continue to execute our growth model to drive profitable sales. I will beginby reviewing the reason for our confidence in driving comp sales as part of ourgrowth strategy and relate that to the third quarter. First is the execution ofour flexible, off-priced business model. The flexibility of our model allows usto buy opportunistically and make purchase decisions very close to need. Thisgives us a huge competitive advantage as we can constantly adjust to markettrends and customer demand. In the third quarter, I was happy with our flexibility andthe goods that we had in our stores, but unfortunately the weather did notcooperate. Our flexibility allowed us to take aggressive markdowns, maintainmerchandise margins and set us up for a strong fourth quarter. The second reason for our confidence is our many merchandiseinitiatives, which continued to deliver strong performance in the thirdquarter. The results at The Cube, our junior store within a store, wereexceptional in the third quarter and we plan to roll out 300-plus of thesedepartments at Marshalls nextyear.  Shoes were outstanding. We are on track to complete 200 plusshoe expansions at Marshalls thisyear and are planning another 200 next year.  Accessories also outperformed and The Runway at T.J. Maxxcontinues to be strong. We have several new initiatives showing positiveresults, which we will expand in fiscal 2009. The third piece of driving comps is our consistentlyimproving marketing. We launched our Shop On! campaign for Marshalls,which is resonating with the customers as is our Maxx Moments campaign at T.J.Maxx. At A.J. Wright, we have increased our investment in marketing and haveseveral tests underway, because I believe we still have a lot to learn in termsof reaching this customer. Company-wide, we have increased our marketing spend, whichwe are funding with cost reductions. We have become more sophisticated inanalyzing what is working and what is not working. Also, we are now utilizingtechnology more effectively and getting smarter about which vehicles work bestto reach our audience. Now I would like to spend a moment on driving profitablegrowth through selling square footage expansion. I want to strongly emphasizethis point: we are far from being a mature company. At our largest division,Marmaxx, we believe there is room to grow this chain by an additional 400stores, which is a bit more than we had previously believed. Beyond this, wehave opportunities and relocations into larger footprints, particularly withthe success of shoes in Marshalls. At HomeGoods, we have a strengthened infrastructure and haveseen consistent execution and performance, which gives us the confidence in ourability to add 300 stores over time. Also I have mentioned before that we aretesting a larger footprint, a 40,000 square foot box,which we believe may give us another avenue for potential growth. Internationally, within the UKand Ireland, weare expanding the footprint of stores to approximately 30,000 square feet as werelocate them from older, smaller boxes. Also next year, we are taking theHomeSense brand across the pond to the UK. We also have more opportunities to grow in Canadathrough expanding our existing chains and through new concepts that would playon our strengths. Beyond this, we see international expansion as a bigopportunity and while we will make some investment in the short term, we willinvest in what we believe will be right for the long term. Let me assure you that we are committed to building a strongfoundation and infrastructure before we accelerate growth and we will testthings before we roll them out. Ultimately, we believe that Germanywith its population of 82 million, will support 250 to 300 stores. We also seeopportunities to expand into other European countries longer term. Back in the US,we continue to view the A.J. Wright customer demographic as having tremendousgrowth potential for TJX. We believe that the UScould ultimately support 1,000 A.J.Wright stores, but if 500 stores is the right number to deliver strong returnsfor shareholders, we will do what is right for the company. Again, we will growprudently and we will reaccelerate growth only when we are confident that wehave the right model and the right business traction. Cost reduction is the next major piece of our strategy toachieve profitable growth and was a key part of our third quarter results. Aswe have discussed on prior calls, we have an SEVP and a cross-divisionaldedicated team focused on non-merchandise procurement, store operating costs,supply-chain, markdown optimization and a store-ready project. Some opportunities are short term. For example,non-merchandise procurement which is an area where we have already madeprogress, as well as our efforts at the division as we plan around a lowerexpense structure. Other opportunities are medium and long-term efforts thatwill require some process reengineering. Finally, on the reasons for our confidence in our growthstrategy, we continue with our no walls organizational approach, which has ledto many new ideas as we enter the fourth quarter. We continue to conduct globalmeetings and travel between divisions on a regular basis. Our knowledge sharingand open communication have led to new merchandise initiatives, leveraging ofbuys, as well as best practices and cost-cutting initiatives, to name just afew of the tangible ways the businesses are benefiting. Another great example of talent sharing across borders, weare currently relocating one of our head merchants from HomeSense in Canadato become the new head merchant of HomeSense in the UK. Moving on to our financial strength, we continue to generatesignificant amounts of cash from our strong operations in the third quarter. Weremain committed to our share buyback program as an excellent way to returnvalue to shareholders and in the third quarter, we purchased $300 million ofTJX stock, retiring 10.3 million shares. Year to date, we have spent a total of$650 million repurchasing TJX stock, retiring 22.7 million shares. It remainsour plan to repurchase $900 million of TJX stock in fiscal 2008. Now to guidance. Beginning with the fourth quarter guidance,we now expect earnings per share from continuing operations in the range of$0.58 to $0.60, which represents a 14% to 18% increase over $0.51 per share inthe prior year. Last year's fourth quarter results included a $0.01 per sharecharge related to the unauthorized computer intrusion. Excluding this charge,our estimated range for Q4 represents a 12% to 15% increase over prior year'sadjusted $0.52. This outlook is based on an estimated consolidated comparablestore sales growth of approximately 4%, with approximately 2 points due tocurrency, so it is not as aggressive as it appears. It is important to note that last year's fourth quarter wasvery strong with a 5% comp increase and we are being prudent as we plan againstit. That said, I should note that the month of November is off to a very strongstart with a solid lift in businesses as the weather has turned cooler. Now to full year guidance. We are now expecting fiscal year2008 earnings per share from continuing operations in the range of $1.58 to$1.60. Excluding costs related to the intrusion reported in the first andsecond quarters of $0.28 per share, we expect earnings per share fromcontinuing operations in the range of $1.86 to $1.88. This represents a 14% to15% increase over the $1.63 per share from continuing operations in fiscal2007. These estimates are based on an estimated comp-store sales increase ofapproximately 4% for the full year. Jeff will provide more details on thisguidance in a moment. Summing up, let me recap the major reasons for ourconfidence in our strategy for growth. First, our value equation plays well inboth weak and strong environments and are our best defense and offense againstmacro trends. The beauty of our flexible off-price model is that it gives us somany tools to work with offensively to drive comps and defensively protect ourbottom line. Second, it is our confidence in our ability to drive compsthrough execution of our flexible off-price business model, our merchandisinginitiative and improving marketing.  Third, we have opportunities to expand selling squarefootage in new stores, new concepts, new geographies, as well as largerfootprints. Fourth, cost reduction continues to be a major focus areaand will be an ongoing process for us.  Fifth, we see our no-walls approach to the organizationalready benefiting us in many tangible ways and generating new ideas. I will conclude by saying not only have we executed wellthus far this year, but we are in a very strong position as we enter the fourthquarter. We have great inventory liquidity and I can tell you that the leveland quality of goods out there is amazing. Our emphasis on gift-giving hasserved us well in recent years and we have notched it up considerably thisyear. For one, we have new and more aggressive gift card programs,which we will be doing in every division for the first time this year. Ourmarketing strategy is positioned well to support our key initiatives and we arevery excited. I believe we are set up and poised and ready to go.  I look forward to updating you on our progress in the fourthquarter and beyond. Now I will turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Naylor: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, everybody. Before I get intothe guidance, I thought I would provide some additional detail on the thirdquarter, particularly around currency. I think first regarding thismark-to-market adjustment that we talk about, it is a mark-to-market adjustmenton hedges that relate to our inventories.  These are routine hedges we enter into to lock inmerchandise margin whenever Winners or T.K. Maxx purchase goods from USsources. We have been doing really for as long as anyone can remember. When thehedges settle, there is a gain or a loss, but this gain or loss is offset inthe cost of the merchandise, so the hedge just really protects our margin. We have these mark-to-market adjustments every quarter, butin the past, they have never been close to the magnitude they have been thisquarter due to the surge in the Canadian dollar at the end of October. As Carolmentioned, this adjustment reverses in the fourth quarter and will positivelyimpact the fourth quarter and we've reflected that in the guidance. In terms of overall currency impact on the third quarter, itwas negative. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted the translation ofWinners and T.K. earnings into dollars by about $0.01; the negative impact ofthe mark-to-market adjustment was about $0.015 so that offset the favorabilitywe had from translation. We also picked up about three-quarters of a penny intax rate favorability, so between currency and the tax rate, the overall impacton earnings and earnings per share from these non-operating items wasessentially neutral. Let me now turn to the guidance. For the fourth quarter offiscal 2008, as Carol mentioned, we raised our expected range for earnings pershare from continuing operations to $0.58 to $0.60 and that represents a 14% to18% increase over the $0.51 per share that we reported in the prior year. Theincrease in guidance primarily reflects the positive impact of reversing thismark-to-market adjustment, which I described earlier, so it's currency-related. Prior year's results included a $0.01 per share chargerelated to the computer intrusion. Excluding that charge, on a comparablebasis, our guidance represents a 12% to 15% increase over last year's adjusted$0.52. In terms of some of the underlying mechanics, we are assuming a fourth quartertop line of approximately $5.5 billion with a comp sales increase of about 4%on a consolidated basis, which includes roughly 2% benefit from foreigncurrency and also contemplates a 2% comp sales increase at Marmaxx. As to monthly comps on a consolidated basis, we expect compsales increases of approximately 5% in November, 3% to 4% in December and about4% in January. For Marmaxx, we are planning on comp sale increases in the rangeof 2% to 3% in November, approximately 2% in December and about 2% in January. Pre-tax profit margins are planned in the 7.8% to 8% range.That is up 20 to 40 basis points over the prior year, excluding the intrusioncharge that we took last year, so again on a comparable basis. Our fourth quarterpretax margin guidance, I should also note, reflects a 10 basis point hitattributable to the T.K. Maxx Germanybusiness. Pretax income is planned in the range of $428 million to$442 million. That is up 11% to 15% over prior year, again excluding theintrusion charge from the prior year results. We are anticipating fourth quartergross margin in the range of 23.2% to 23.3%. That is up 20 to 30 basis pointsover last year and SG&A as a percentage of sales to be about 15.3% to15.4%, which is 10 to 20 basis points favorable to last year. For modeling purposes, we are planning a tax rate of 38.4%and weighted average outstanding shares of 459 million. I should note that thetax rate is negatively impacting EPS growth by approximately 4 percentagepoints because last year's rate included some favorable nonrecurringadjustments. This tax rate, the negative impact basically offset the favorablebenefit we are expecting from currency in the quarter, so again, the non-operatingitems essentially net each other out in the fourth quarter guidance. To keep the call on schedule, we ask that you please limityour questions to one per person. Thank you and we will now open it up forquestions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger Citigroup.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citigroup: Very nice way to manage through the third quarter. Carol, ifyou could comment on traffic versus ticket that you are seeing out there? If itis varied by brand that would be helpful. What is your view on those metrics aswe go through the fourth quarter?
Carol Meyrowitz: Our traffic was slightly down and our average basket wasslightly up, but again, I will tell you that when we did see a change in theweather pattern, the traffic started to increase. We hope to see that continueinto the fourth quarter.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citigroup:  So is there any wayyou could attribute a percent or two of your traffic to weather or have youdone that kind of analysis on it?
Carol Meyrowitz: We don't analyze it by weather, but I can tell you that as Isaid in the speech, that a very large portion of the A.J. Wright business andthe Marmaxx business was attributed to the cold weather categories being a bigchunk of the sales mix.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citigroup: Lastly on Bob's, it has had one good quarter this year, twosort of mediocre quarters. Can you just talk about what kind of leash Bob's ison at this point?
Carol Meyrowitz: I said that at the end of the year we would talk to Bob'sand again, we are looking for comp over comp. Business really opened up to themin the beginning of the fourth quarter as we saw the weather change, but we aregoing to definitely get back to everybody probably at the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Konik  Bear Stearns.
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: A question on the cost side of the equation. You talkedabout the third quarter costs were reigned in. Can you just talk about whatcosts were most reigned in, in the quarter? If you think about your costreduction programs across the corporation and by division, just let us know howfar along are we from an inning perspective in each division? Finally, can we just get a little clarity on what is drivingthe variability in the general corporate expense? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz:  I will start and thenI am going to hand it over to Jeff. Obviously, our merchandise margins werepretty strong but in terms of the total cost reduction, the innings continue.It is a long process. It is probably a three-year process of which we areseeing some benefit already. Part of that benefit is baked into our plan. Partof it isn't. It has also helped us pay for some of the additional advertisingcosts, which we think absolutely drive our business. So again, it is anongoing, long-term process. The short-term piece is more on the non-merchandiseprocurement side, which we will see benefits earlier; supply chain and some ofthe other things I mentioned we will see a little bit longer term.
Jeff Naylor:  Maybe I will broadenthe question a little bit because, as Carol mentioned, we had 20 basis pointsof SG&A improvement and we had a 20 basis point decline in our gross profitmargin and that was on a 3 comp. I'd point out that 2 points of the comp camefrom currency. Typically, you don't leverage on currency because currencyinflates the top line, but it also inflates your expenses. So in terms of thinkingabout the leverage in the model, you would really think of it as more of a 1 comp. Now if I break those elements down, so SG&A, we had 20basis points of leverage on a 1 comp, which we are very pleased with. That isactually even stronger when you look at advertising. Advertising delevered by10 basis points, so we basically had 30 basis points of SG&A leverage on a 1comp and we took 10 of that and we reinvested it in advertising. So that wouldexplain the SG&A. In terms of our gross profit margin, we had a 20 basis pointimprovement in merchandise margin. This hedge that I talked about, themark-to-market, hit us about 30 basis points and then we had slight deleverageon our buying and occupancy costs of about 10 basis points. So that is sort ofpeeling back the onion underneath the gross profit margin. In terms of individual categories, I would say it is reallyspread out across a lot of categories. We are seeing some particular savings ininsurance, we have seen some nice savings there. We have seen some savings, asCarol mentioned, in non-merchandise procurement. We are starting to see some ofthat flow through the P&L and we are seeing good solid cost management fromour divisions as the COOs and directors of stores in those organizations havereally focused on costs and made it a priority. So that has led to a lot ofsmall savings across a lot of different categories. It is really across theboard and pretty widespread in where we are getting the benefit. In terms of corporate, the variability year over year, lastyear we had a contribution to the TJX Foundation of approximately $10 million,so that drives some favorability year over year. I would tell you that thisyear we have had a number of items similar to that that would in essenceneutralize the impact that has on the comparability. In particular, we havemade some investments in computer security that have added costs this year thatweren't in the base last year, and those combined with some other items havemore or less offset the benefit we are getting from not having the contributionrepeat this year.
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: Would you expect the general corporate expense to remainabout flattish going forward to model it? Would you expect to just continue toleverage SG&A on a 1% comp going into the future into '08?
Jeff Naylor:  I think right now wefeel comfortable that SG&A leverage point for Marmaxx is 2.5% and we feelcomfortable overall for the company in that 2.5% range is where we canleverage. Now obviously, as Carol mentioned, we are doing everything we can todrive a higher level of cost reduction to lower the leverage point even furtherand build margin at that 2.5 points. But I think right now that is based oneverything we know and there is a lot we don't, but based on everything we know,that is where we feel comfortable. In terms of the corporate expense, our guidance in thefourth quarter, let me just quickly look at that. The guidance in the fourthquarter is about flat year-over-year, slightly up. I'd think of that as aninflationary increase year over year as you model it out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Black  Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: I had a question for you on A.J. Wright. It is the firsttime we have heard you talk about 500 stores versus 1,000. I don't know if thatis a goal that's set in concrete, but what should we look for there? I mean wehaven't seen profit. When do you think we would see an operating profit out ofthis business and when do you think we would start to grow this? Can you talkabout the new stores? You said those are performing better. What overall givesyou confidence that we get this A.J. Wright division on better footing as agrowth vehicle longer term? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff, I am going to say stay tuned to the fourth quarter. Wehave been working really hard at A.J. Wright and we have had many customerfocus groups. We have been testing a lot of marketing ideas. Actually in thethird quarter we did put additional money into marketing I think to the tune ofabout $800,000. We have a lot of tests underway. We are really starting to see progress in the categoriesthat we are focusing on, be it shoes, the kids business. We saw a fairlysubstantial change in home the last three weeks after we did our focus groupsand started to work on these initiatives and change them. The new stores are performing pretty well, which gives us alot of positive feelings about going forward and understanding where thesestores need to be. As I said, highly ethnic areas, highly mixed. We are very,very focused. When we have our campaign, the Real Deal, this is a very pricesensitive customer and very close to need.  I think we are getting our arms around this business. Ithink again, in the beginning of last quarter, I started to talk to that and Ithink we are seeing better results now and I think we will start to see verypositive results going forward.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers:  Any thoughts on whatkind of margin this business can deliver if the new stores worked in the areasyou are talking about?
Carol Meyrowitz: Well long term, we are looking at about an 8% business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Cohen  Banc of AmericaSecurities.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Jeff, you went through so many numbers, just aclarification. You said something about marketing offsetting some of theSG&A and then something about a charity contribution last year. Could youjust clarify that quickly?
Jeff Naylor:  Yes, I will gothrough it slowly. We had a 10 basis point improvement in our pretax margin.Let me just walk through some elements. In terms of the gross profit margin, acomponent of that, we had merchandise margins improved 20 basis points yearover year. We had a 30 basis point negative impact from the mark-to-marketadjustment on the hedge that I described. We had 10 basis points of deleverageon buying and occupancy, again on a comp currency of 1%, levered by 20 basispoints.  We had a 10 basis point increase in advertising expense thatgets baked in there. So if you back that out, everything else was 30 basispoints better, if you will, in the SG&A line. So 20 basis points ofimprovement in SG&A.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities:  Despite advertising?
Jeff Naylor: -- advertising. And then interest and corporate expensebetween them were worth 10.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: What was the impact to T.K. specifically for the hedge?
Jeff Naylor: There was actually no impact at T.K. It was really primarilyan issue with Winners because of the run-up in the Canadian dollar. In the lasttwo weeks, the Canadian dollar went from mid-90s to almost 1.06. As that ranup, two things happened. One is we have losses in the underlying hedges but wealso have cheaper goods that we are buying because they are using a highervalue Canadian dollars to pay for US goods. So it all offsets itself in theinventory.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities:  It's just a timingissue?
Jeff Naylor:  It's just a timingissue and it will reverse in the fourth quarter. There is no impact to T.K., itis just very modest. In the case of Winners, it is about a 210 basis pointimpact.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: So the impact on T.K. was really the 90 from Germany?
Jeff Naylor: Yes. With T.K. we had 90 from Germany.Excluding that, it was a 20 basis point improvement.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: Carol on the environment, there is always a lot of goods. Soon a scale of one to 10, where are we right now in terms of availability? It isjust I had never heard you guys say there are no goods, so on a relative scale?
Ernie Herrman: I would say given the whole weather pattern that most of thecountry experienced, it is on the higher end of availability. How's that, withoutputting a number on it? So more than we typically see and I think Carol haseven mentioned before how one of my biggest challenges is controlling theliquidity situation so we were able to do that through the third quarter, justrealizing what we were up against with this weather and there just continues tobe just a lot of goods and to answer your question, more than in the past.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Dana, moreimportantly, Ernie really strategically ramps his inventories down at the endof the third quarter to really take advantage of it. I think they have done a fabulous job inmanaging that and again, I said they are really poised to go forward in thefourth quarter.
Dana Cohen - Banc of America Securities: We are waiting because there is probably going to be moretomorrow than there is today?
Ernie Herrman: That is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater  Lazard CapitalMarkets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: You guys are really knocking the cover off the ball domestically.As you invest in your German platform, can you just talk a little bit aboutproduct sourcing for Europe? You're going to have I amsure accelerated product needs as you continue to grow that store base. Justgive a sense of what the market challenges and opportunities are there and howthat compares to the USin terms of sourcing product for those businesses and even as you expand thehome business across the pond, as you said?
Carol Meyrowitz: Germanyis presently driven, a large percentage of German product and we believe thatwe are more than able to get our hands on 200 to 300 stores worth in thefuture. So we are seeing a very, very positive response to this product that isspecifically bought out of Germany. Product categories like home, the UKproduct is doing very well and the product from the States is doing well, so itreally does differ by category. But we are feeling very positive about beingable to source what we need for the German customer predominantly out of Germanyand again, we have had such a terrific response. We are seeing some things. Apparel is very, very strong. Theshoe business is very, very strong. The outerwear business is a much higherpercent than it is in the UK.So we are clearly seeing some signals and some real clarity in terms of thecategory. But we feel pretty good about the sourcing and we have got severalpeople on the ground. We have a buying office in Germany,so I think we are in a really good position there.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Carol, you talked about some new merchandising ideas for thefourth quarter. Are these new relative to what we already know about? Are yousurprised? Care to share anything there on what those might be?
Carol Meyrowitz: You will see some new categories, just shop our stores. Wehave elevated our gift giving to a more luxury level. I'd say we have reallyraised the bar. Our shoe initiative is just phenomenal and the guys have reallystrategized how to flow that through the fourth quarter. Last year, we did notflow shoes that dramatically in December and we will this year. Our gift card program, we have ramped up and if you walk inour stores this holiday, I think you'll be really surprised at some of thethings that you are going to see. So we are pretty excited. You will see a lotof new things and you will see a lot of ramping up of some of the things thatwe have already tested and are working.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets:  So the availabilityof product you are seeing out there has also included or increasingly includedthe luxury category?
Carol Meyrowitz:  Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick  JP Morgan.
Carol Meyrowitz: It is hard to pick at anything, but we were just curiousabout your views of why HomeGoods is doing so well and why home at Marmaxxcontinues to be weak? How long do you think we should start to see some of yourchanges happen there?  A second question on how we should think about the marketingbudget plans for next year versus this year and talk a little about how theloyalty credit card launch has gone so far? Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz:  I am going to startwith the marketing and the loyalty and then I will get back to HomeGoods. Ithink marketing in the fourth quarter we are probably going to again plan for thebusiness to equal sales between that 9% and 10% range. I think for next year, Ithink I mentioned John Gilbert has been on board for a while. We areunderstanding some places where we probably didn't need to spend money andplaces where we can do a better job and be more focused.  I really don't think our marketing budgets will have thekind of increase that they have this year. They will probably be slightly up,but again, I think we can do a better job with that next year. So we arelearning a lot. We are pretty excited about that. In terms of our credit program, our private label program,we have a soft launch going on right now. We are offering the in-store credit,instant credit in stores in a test mode. We are very happy with the resultsthat we are seeing and I'm going to talk more to that probably at year end andgive you a real view of what that can mean to us because I think it can mean alot to next year. So we are in test mode right now. As far as HomeGoods goes, , again, it is what we are allabout. I can say it 100 times. It is execution, it's excitement. It is nothaving last year fever; it is about risk taking and they have done a terrificjob. Marmaxx we believe is a fix. It is very fixable. I am goingto have Ernie talk to that in a moment, but I think it just comes right back toexecution and we know that when we focus on something, we know how to fix it.
Ernie Herrman: I would say, Brian, that the focus in Marmaxx home right nowis on, and Carol alluded to it a little there, lack of newness. So what wedidn't have and I won't get into the specifics on the categories, but innumerous categories, we looked too much like last year or like we did three tosix months prior to that and it is just not the way we like to run our home business.So HomeGoods I think did a much better job on that end and it really is whatCarol is saying, execution on our part.  I think if you look a few months out, I think you had asked,when do you think it is going to be better? I would say 60, 90 days I think weare going to see some turnaround here, but affecting that business is a littledifferent because some of that business is a little further out. Newness isreally what we are going to attack and I think that is where we stubbed our toeon execution.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Brian, in addition tothat, we have tested a new home prototype that we have in a few stores and weare seeing very positive results. Ernie has given me a plan that looks veryimpressive on rolling that out for next year. We are pretty excited about thatand the turns are a lot faster than they are in the other stores. So that saysa lot also.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris  Wachovia CapitalMarkets.
John Morris - Wachovia Capital Markets: A little bit more color on the marketing. Carol, you talkedabout marketing at A.J. Wright, so I'm curious to know a little bit more colorthere. If you step back and you look at it, you started to allude to it in yourprevious response, but what have you learned so far by the marketing that youhave seen that you're going to change for next year? In other words, you talkedabout John Gilbert and team probably looking to spend more efficiently or in alittle bit different places. So if you can kind of elaborate there. Thanks.
Carol Meyrowitz:  John, I will try toanswer that but I really don't like to talk about our marketing strategy. Ireally can't go into detail. When I talk about what works and what doesn'twork, there are places where we have spent a fair amount of money on directmail where today we realize we may not be getting the response. There are otherthings that we have focused on in terms of our initiatives that are workingvery well, so that gives you a little bit of places where we see some shift. We also have a couple of things up our sleeve that I reallydon't want to talk about, but they are very, very exciting in terms ofinteraction between the customers and so we are quietly experimenting on somethings that could be really exciting going forward. In terms of A.J. Wright, we just started really some testsat the end of October and we are reading those results and we are seeing somevery positive things from it. The Real Deal is our concept at A.J. Wright andit is definitely resonating with the consumer and this customer, so we sort ofhave our arms around a key focus and now we are going to build on that campaign.We understand, again, I will come back to how important price is and time ofneed and this campaign is going to be based around that for that customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe  StifelNicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much, guys and my congratulations as well. Pullingout a strong quarter out of a tough, tough environment. If you could just commenton cost savings, what you've achieved this quarter and its sustainability, howmuch of it is in response to a tough market? Is it really a one quarter sort ofsavings? How much of it could we look forward to continuing through fourthquarter and through 2008?
Carol Meyrowitz:  Richard, in terms ofour cost reductions this is a pretty big, long-term project, so it is not justgoing to be a quarter and as I said, we are just starting our non-merchandiseprocurement. We will actually be looking for a chief procurement officer. Todaywe are a bit siloed in how we spend our dollars, so we see a fairly substantialopportunity there to leverage across all of the divisions. As I said to you,some of the other projects we're working on are a little bit more long term,but what is happening is the divisions are meeting together and all theoperators, they are working on things such as even just store cleaning, verysimple things, but big savings.  So this is going to be an ongoing process. It is under anSEVP; that is how important it is to our business. Jeff, do you want tocomment?
Jeff Naylor: Year to date, we have driven 20 basis points of improvementon a 3% comp, so we are encouraged by that and then last year, we also had a 20basis point improvement. As we look forward, Richard, we have planned Marmaxxflat on a 2.5% comp for them to really hold the margins. When I say flat, theirsegment margins. For them to hold that margin flat on a 2.5% comp, they reallyhave to generate $25 million, $30 million in cost savings. So there are some cost savings already implied in our modeland what we hope to do with all the projects, the cost-savings projects that wediscuss, as well as the focus of the people at the divisions, which frankly iswhere we are getting a lot of the savings today, we would hope to be able to dobetter than what we have in the model. But 20 basis points two years ago, 20basis points this year and our hope is that we can continue to keep it going.  But going forward, it gets harder because we do have toidentify ways to go after some of the more structural costs. There are fewerquick hits and low-hanging fruit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Stein  KeyBanc CapitalMarkets.
Jeff Stein - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Carol, I am wondering if you could differentiate for us thedifference between the customer at HomeGoods and the home customer at Marmaxx?I am wondering with your no walls approach, don't these divisions talk to eachother a little bit and I would think that by now perhaps they could share someof the benefits with the successes you are seeing at HomeGoods and maybe seethe results a little bit sooner rather than later?
Carol Meyrowitz: Jeff, right on. Actually, we have made quite a few changesin home in Marmaxx and they are basically living together right now. TheHomeGoods group and the Marmaxx group, as well as HomeSense. So talk aboutleveraging. Winners and HomeSense are helping Marmaxx with home and Marmaxx isreally helping Winners with mens. They are spending a lot of time together. Ido think that we will see the benefit of this fairly quickly.  Winners has also I think done a very good job ofdifferentiating HomeSense from Winners home and I think again, Marmaxx willleverage that knowledge. So it is a great question and the answer is yes and itis presently being done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever  MKMPartners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: A question about the overall apparel industry right now. Is thereany concern that it is just so bad out there in the apparel space and there isso much inventory and whatnot that the promotional environment could be veryintense over the holidays and maybe offset some of the incremental buyingopportunities that you are seeing?
Carol Meyrowitz:  Ernie, do you want totalk to that?
Ernie Herrman:  Patrick, goodquestion. I think it is why we very strategically and consciously wait laterand later each year and in this environment, we specifically went back intoOctober and September knowing that there was going to be more goods, we havebeen holding off later and later so that we buy the goods accordingly and thatwe keep our gap in terms of value between us and the other stores out there,because that is really the critical issue. The customer has no reason to cometo us unless we show a significant value relative to the other retailers outthere. So a great question. We are staying very cognizant of that situation andwe are buying later because of it.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners:  How late can you buymerchandise for the holidays?
Ernie Herrman:  I mean we are buyingas we speak, so we have been buying all the way through and with our DCs, wehave a very flexible situation. We can also ship the goods the way we need toship the goods. I would say we arebuying later than ever before. We will be buying into really late November,beginning of December.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Note that we havedone a week before Christmas and we have actually been able to get them inbecause we can feed it through very quickly at the end.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Are you buying any more merchandise these days, let's saythis year versus last year, directly from the department stores and specialtyretailers? 
Carol Meyrowitz:  Pretty much the sameI would say.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners:  Same as usual?
Ernie Herrman: Same, maybe a little bit more, same to a little bit more Iwould say; kind of with everything else.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Keller  FTN Midwest Securities.
William Keller - FTN MidwestSecurities: Coming back to the foreign exchange and looking at theimpact on the cash flow statement. It seems to be more negative this quarterthan previously. Is that related to the mark-to-market? Thank you.
Jeff Naylor: Can you maybe expand a little bit on that, because I am notseeing it on the cash flow statement?
William Keller - FTN MidwestSecurities: Cash flow from foreign exchange. I know it's a year-to-datenumber.
Jeff Naylor: On cash was $2 million positive this year and it was $7million positive last year, so it's not really a big swing year over year. Thebigger thing as we look at the cash flow statement is that we have a strongincrease in cash from operating activities that is a function largely of lowerinventories year over year because we have done a great job. Inventories, lastyear, we had $470 million of net cash outflows. This year, it is $310 millionin terms of the change in those inventory balances. So that has been asignificant contributor to cash, the fact we have lower inventories.  We have taken that favorability or that higher cash, some ofit has gone into CapEx and then of course in the cash flow statement, you cansee we have a higher buyback than we did in the past and that was all planned,so I think an opportunity to buy our stock at prices that we consider to bepretty favorable.
William Keller - FTN MidwestSecurities: Not to beat a dead horse, but understood that cash flow fromforeign exchange is not that different year-to-date, but looking at the changefrom the end of the second order this year versus the end of the third quarterthis year, that is the difference that I was referring to.
Jeff Naylor: We will have to look into that and get back to you. Itshould not be a significant item on our cash flow statement though, relative tothose larger components that I just discussed. So maybe we can just follow upwith you offline on that if that's all right. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Dana Telsey  Telsey AdvisoryGroup.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Good afternoon,everyone and congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about Runway at Maxx,The Cube, some of the other departments that you have been working with latelyand what you're seeing there?  Jeff, can you just talk about your thoughts on operatingmargins by division in terms of this year, if they have changed at all in termsof what you are looking for? Thank you.
Carol Meyrowitz:  Dana, first of all,the results on The Cube are very strong. I think we are probably going to berolling out 300 plus next year. Runway, we love The Runway, but we love TheRunway more because it is opening doors and we are tending to spread again thatnext level of specialness to our stores. Our plans are not to expand TheRunway, our plans are to really continue buying for it and then spreading someof those categories.  As we see fit, such as in Winners, we are expanding a fewstores and T.K. is probably going to test a version of it going forward. Shoes have been exceptional. We rolled out over 200 thisyear. We are going to continue next year to roll out another 200 and we havesome other things up our sleeves for next year that again we will talk about aswe get into the year end and start talking about next year.
Jeff Naylor: Dana, in terms of the operating margin, you are referring tothe operating margin potential of the business?
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  The divisions,because at the beginning of the year you gave out your thoughts on what youthought the operating margin targets would be for this year. Any differences tothat given that we are nine months through the year? Also, yes, an operating margin target potential if there areany adjustments?
Jeff Naylor: If you look at the trend last year, the pre-tax marginimproved 80 basis points from 6.4% to 7.2%. This year, Q4 implies full-yearguidance of 7.5% to 7.6%. So we are looking to 30 to 40 basis points ofimprovement this year. A piece of that, a smaller piece is gross profit. Mostof it we are getting in SG&A through some of the cost reduction focuses andinitiatives that we have. As we look by business, Marmaxx this year we have at 9.5%.That is up 10 basis points over last year on a 1% comp, so we are seeing greatexpense controls at Marmaxx. We have always said Marmaxx we saw as a 9% to 10%potential business, but over the last several years, we have seen that marginimprove. So I think as we plan it going forward, we are going to plan it at a2.5% comp and a flat segment profit margin and then hope to beat that througheither higher comp or through improvements in cost and cost reduction. Winners this year we have at 10.5% against 10.4% last year,so we are seeing improvement at Winners. That business we see as a 10% to 11%business. That remains unchanged, Dana.  T.K. this year, excluding Germany,we have got it at 6.1% to 6.2%. We continue to see T.K. as having the potentialto deliver 8% as it gets closer to its full complement of stores. HomeGoods, huge progress over the last year. Last year, wewent from 2.5% to 4.5% segment margins. This year, we have it pegged at 5.2%,so we have seen a 70 basis point lift and again, HomeGoods is barely halfway toits full store potential, so with the leverage of additional units, we can seethat business getting to 8%. A.J., that business is just slightly below breakeven iswhere we have it currently forecast for the year. As Carol mentioned, that is abusiness that we could see getting as high as 8%. The key there is really twothings. One is getting the store contribution margin up about 100 to 200 basispoints over where they are now, which we think is very achievable with theright mix driving comp. Once we have got that model correct, then we will startrolling out stores, which is where we really start getting the leverage andmoving towards that 8%. So that is just kind of a little snapshot business bybusiness.
Carol Meyrowitz: Thank you, everyone. We look forward to reporting our fourthquarter and year end. We will see you soon.
